It's new art.
39?
I have some thoughts about that, too.
You put 39 slides in here?
I told Corinne this wouldn't even take long.
You motherfucker.
We need it to be long because the people demand slop, and I'm here to provide
it with the best art that has ever existed.
Oh, okay, we're gonna have a fight about this.
So the thing is, right, because we have cheated them out of what, like, now six years worth
of bonus episodes by- I'm judging by my internal compass here- we now have to make this up
by doing a 19 hour long bonus episode.
And the thing is, the thing is, right, I don't fear death anymore.
The true warrior does not fear death, but in fact thinks of herself as dead.
And when I saw that this was 39 slides, I embraced that.
Yes.
I just wanna get drunk, man.
Well.
Here's the thing, what we really all should be drinking right now is absinthe.
It is that kind of artistic movement vibe, yeah.
I got Jepsen's vibe.
What you have here on this first slide is a depiction of one of humanity's greatest
mistakes, right?
You trade in-
Is it on the podcast?
39 slides!
No.
What it is, is you trade in this, like, strange, alienating metropolis shit in exchange for
this twee Alphonse Mucha fucking barefoot women shit.
And it's like, no, get the fuck out of here.
I want my women to be made out of metal, sixty feet tall, have a, like, straight lines Valkyrie
headdress.
Uh, that, you know, be fucking- get this shit out of my face.
I may be able to change your mind on this one, Alice.
We'll see.
As we go through the history of it.
We will see.
Today we're gonna talk about my favorite style of art, and especially architecture.
Listen, I have one thought that I want to get out up front of the Art Nouveau thing,
which is a drop that I have from Three Days of the Condor, which is my immediate and intrinsic
reaction when you call your art movement new art is to go,
Jesus, you guys are kind to yourselves.
Community!
Like, you can't do that!
Ah.
Ah.
No, okay, here's the thing, this is the first time people have done that, though.
Oh, okay, so it really was Art 2.
Yeah, this is Art 2.
Art 2!
We came up with Art 2 about 1893.
Everything after that's tried to call itself Art 2, but this was the first one.
Oh, fuck, I- oh shit.
Hang on.
I never stopped my old local.
It's fine.
We probably won't need that.
Okay, great.
Thank you very much, Alice.
Mm-hmm.
Ross, you can go to hell.
Ah.
Devin, I'm sorry to bring you along for the ride on this one.
I'm not actually.
I'm not actually.
Devin, I love you, but you deserve to suffer.
Like, we have suffered.
On average, you're working the same number of hours as if we had done the bonus episodes
we said we would.
Yeah.
Okay.
Sorry.
I promise, I promise.
I am gonna fit these two with bomb collars.
To be fair.
Here's where we gotta start.
No.
The Victorian crisis in Art and Architecture.
Ooh, hold on though.
You've got St. Pancras, which is lovely.
I can incriminate myself here.
I can- let me just explain why I get the wall in the revolution, right?
Is because-
Oh, this-
I have a lot of-
This is why?
Let me finish.
Let me explain.
I have a lot of indulgences, I do a lot of bullshit, stupid bullshit that I call self-care,
but one thing that I will do is, any time I can possibly justify it, I will get a nice
hotel if I'm going somewhere.
Like, probably nicer than I can really afford.
That's a good idea.
Yeah, yeah, alright.
Okay, good girl.
I also do this.
Yeah, I'll join in on that.
Sorry, folks.
No, you don't do that, Liam.
I know for a fact you do not do that.
Hey, whoa, hey!
What was wrong with that old quote?
Oh, that's true.
We've seen it in some pretty visual places.
And the thing is, I'm the only one on Trash Future who does this, right?
I'm the only one on Kill James Bond who does this.
I do this with my wife, not with Ross.
Everybody else who I work with will stay in a travel lodge or an IBIS budget thing,
and I'll do that if I have to, but if I get the opportunity, I will pay more out of
my own pocket to stay somewhere really nice.
And so, St Pancras, this is across the street.
I'll see you in the back of the camera left.
I think it used to be like Camden City Hall or whatever.
It's a hotel called The Standard.
It's insufferable.
They put weed gummies in the rooms.
Well, CBD gummies in the rooms.
What?
Oh, come on.
But it's next to the station.
You can get out of King's Cross, walk across the street into a really nice hotel.
The restaurant's really good.
And that's my indulgence is, if I can afford it when I stay in London, this is where I
stay.
And that's why I should be killed in the revolution.
I will say-
But my view out of the window is St Pancras, which is beautiful.
Oh, I'm on their website right now and I want to shoot myself.
Yeah, it's insufferable, yes.
I will say, Roz, we have stayed at Visible Hotels because those were the hotels that we
had at the time.
I now make more money and we don't have to stay there.
And what was wrong with the hotel in New Orleans?
It was fine.
I'm talking about the hotel in Plattsburgh.
Oh yeah, that place was an absolute fucking nightmare show.
That's where I'm leaning towards.
Alright, I capitulate to that.
Oh, I forgot about that place.
I used to say, you know, okay, you know how I had such great luck with, um, whatchamacallit,
Hotwire, in getting hotels?
There was a secret to that.
Which is I paid more.
Yeah.
It's the same thing where you're like, yeah, I'm like a hotels.com, like platinum member
or whatever, it's like, why are you a platinum member?
And the answer is because I spend a reprehensible amount of money on hotels.
I am a Marriott Gold member.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thanks, Declan.
I mean, you can have the uniquely trans experience of this, of springing for a really nice hotel,
and then handing someone your ID and going, yes, I've stayed here before many times, and
your ID has an F on it, and then they still call you Sir.
But, uh...
David's shame, Alice.
Well, this was the standard again, actually.
Oh, I'm gonna like these people.
I'm- oh my god.
The rooms are too nice for me to be mad at them!
Listen, I'm not gonna complain about getting misgendered when, like, your Patreon subscriptions
facilitate me staying in a room with a view that nice.
You gotta go to the non-standard.
There's a standard on the High Line that I just assume is gonna make me so goddamn
miserable.
Oh, that's the Nudie Hotel.
Is that the Nudie Hotel?
That is the Nudie Hotel, yes.
They got them in some fuckin' weird locations, it's a terrible influencer chain.
There's one in the Maldives?
Yeah.
Maldives?
There's one in Ibiza.
Ibiza.
Ibiza, yeah.
Because it's in Spain.
Okay.
That's it.
No, I don't want to be on this fuckin' podcast anymore.
This is a slide about context.
We have to move forward.
Shut up.
No, we can move forward.
There's 39 flights, who gives a shit?
I'm talking about all the reasons that I have to be killed, because I spend their
money on shit like this, and then I don't make the bonus episodes.
Do you understand now why I'm putting you in the bomb collars?
Okay.
What?
So, we need to talk about the crisis in Victorian architecture in particular.
I'm gonna give you a crisis in Victorian architecture.
I'm gonna focus a lot on this episode about architecture, because I know that a lot
more than the art.
We will talk a bit about the art.
Sure.
Which is, in the 1800s, especially like the early to mid-1800s, architecture as a field
is very confused, right?
I think this is based at St. Pancras on the left here, this kind of mix of brick,
and it reminds me a lot of the building that I went to school in, because I went to an annoyingly
fancy school.
We can flash up Dulwich College here.
I kind of like the sort of the cathedral of transportation, though.
St. Pancras is the singular example of the confusion of Victorian architecture.
I'll get to this in a second.
It's not to say it's bad.
I quite like it as well.
But it does sort of show how this... what is the prevailing situation here.
So you have these new materials, you have cheap cast iron, wrought iron, you have mass-produced
steel, you have cheap and plentiful brick and terracotta, you know, you have stone.
You're just in Minecraft creative mode all of a sudden.
Yeah.
It was like, you know, everyone was in Minecraft creative mode.
You could get exotic stones very easily through, like, new canal systems, through the railways.
You know, there's new types of buildings that no one ever had before.
There's railway stations.
There's pavilions for great exhibitions.
There's factories.
There's sewage pumping stations.
There's new technologies.
There's elevators, central heating, escalators.
You can steal shit from anywhere.
You see on the little subsidiary spires, right, on the tower there, they've got some abluck,
the alternating, like, moorish bands of different coloured brick.
Westminster Cathedral has these as well, which makes it really funny, because it looks Islamic
enough that you can convince Chuds that they built a mosque in the middle of Westminster.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
There's borrowing from everywhere.
I mean, architecture's always borrowing from places.
You know, definitely like the polychromatic, you know, vossoirs, how do you pronounce that?
That's a big thing.
There are moorish influences, but they also, they're influencing Gothic ideas, which were
influenced by moorish ideas.
Everything's a big mishmash, right?
So through this period, architecture changes very rapidly, right?
And sort of flits between various historicist styles, right?
Neo-Gothic, Romanesque, Bozar, Greek Revival, where everything, right?
In the meantime, you are also being influenced by these new materials.
St. Pancras is a great example, because in the front is this sort of big, you know, academic
Gothic building with some moorish influences.
You know, it's got a big old fashioned tower.
It sort of apes the cathedral, but not quite.
But then on the back, they just weld this big, entirely modern train shed to it, with
no real kind of melding of the spaces.
Is there a-
The front of historicists, the back is thoroughly modern.
Hmm.
It's a mullet.
It's a mullet.
I was going to ask, is there, is there like a more or more thorough communication between
architects, like in terms of like an exchange of ideas that can lead to this?
I'm thinking modernization is starting to take over and the rapid exchange of ideas, does
that have anything to do with it?
Or is it just like, we're just throwing shit at the wall because we don't know what we're
doing?
Little column A, little column B.
Yeah.
I think we're just going to do a formalization of a lot of this stuff.
That was sort of my question, yeah.
You know, because there is definitely an academy, there is certainly a right way of
doing things, which I've included here as the Houston Arch.
Hmm.
You know, there's like-
No longer extant, because it sucks.
Well, I mean, that is basically true.
We replaced it with Houston Station, which is a box that also sucks.
Yeah, well, the academy reasserted itself.
We'll get to that later.
So, that's not entirely true, but that's a complex issue.
So-
It's okay, we've got time.
We've got 39 slides, we're still on two.
Yeah.
No, this is- we are the Bludge of the Damned.
Victorians are interesting as like a generation of people, or several generations of people,
because Queen Victoria lived for one million years.
Sure.
Um, you know, they did sort of-
Yeah, they did sort of self-consciously identify as Victorians, and there was a long-term search
for a Victorian style of architecture, which went nowhere.
Um, no one could nail down what the hell that was.
Um, it was very-
Is this some sort of backlash to industrialization?
Or am I just asking a stupid question?
So there's a backlash, but there's also a forward lash happening simultaneously.
Yeah, it's just a lash.
It's just a lash.
It's just a circle jerk.
It's just a circle jerk.
Okay, got it.
It is like the Elizabethan navy, it's just the lash.
Savic, Savic, is I getting whipped?
Can I just have some rum, please?
I actually- I can go get some rum.
I'm- I'll get some rum.
I'll get some rum later, it's fine.
Let's just get through this fucking thing.
This whole period of the 1800s is this very strong diversion from the historical mean in
architecture, because usually there's one type of architecture, and that's the architecture.
And in the Victorian era, it's like, hey, you can do whatever the fuck you want.
Hey, don't give a shit.
Minecraft creative mode.
Yeah.
And, you know, this is also being exploited by various people, various theorists.
You know, architecture is also considered like a sense of- you're trying to install a sense
of morality into the population through your buildings, right?
I'll suck my fucking- you use the train station and it makes you a model citizen.
Yes, it makes you-
Yes, exactly.
Especially like-
You have nine kids and-
You know, the big guy in the early part of the century is Augustus
Welby Northbor Pugin, who advocates for the proper Christian form of architecture, right?
Which is the gothic style, which we will continue to talk about in a second.
Yeah, I assume John Ruskin is gonna show his face at some point.
Ah, yeah.
But the other thing is, you gotta consider St. Pancras is great, and Houston Arch sucks.
True.
Neoclassicism clearly washed.
This will be a heavily anti-neoclassical podcast.
Yeah.
From this point.
Gothic romantic shit.
We respect the paintings of John Collier on this podcast.
Yeah.
Um.
So, yeah.
I included these as examples of it, and then I also included one of my favorite buildings,
the Arts and Industries building here.
Like, you know, Victorians shoving a bunch of styles together.
I love this fucking building.
The stuff turned out pretty good.
Um.
Yeah, that is nice.
Yeah.
It's really cool.
It's a really great building.
So, anyway, the idea of architecture instilling certain morals into people is, you know, it
was a popular idea back then.
It is still a popular idea today amongst idiots and morons.
Yeah, hi.
The executive order, right?
Yeah.
If only we build everything trad and based enough, then people will go back to wanting
to have 18 kids.
Well, this is the issue, is that Donald Trump comes out and says everything needs
to be neoclassical, which is heretical and pagan, as opposed to gothic, which is good
and Christian.
He got it wrong!
Yeah, the based trad ethic Charlemagne.
You know?
Um.
I'll put forward some interesting ideas about this later.
Anyway.
So.
Oh boy.
This is a thesis that we have to defend with guns.
Yeah.
Art and architecture being moral starts to break down at the end of the century through
a lot of movements, one of which was called aestheticism.
Which, this is complicated, I don't want to get into it, but I think we could get into
a fun moment in art, which is the Peacock Room.
Yeah.
You mentioned this in passing in the last recording we did, which may come up after
this, which is the Ghost Ship episode, about how we don't really have rooms anymore.
And that's one of the things that sounds insane, but is 100% true.
Have you ever been in a restaurant?
Like, we just don't have, we just, no, there's just no dividers, there's just nothing.
There's no rooms.
I can just hear people scream at a restaurant.
I just...
Not only the sense of like, we don't have divided spaces, but you don't have divided
spaces with a sense of like, intentionality or like, holistic design anymore.
Oh, sure.
How's the last time someone built a room that would be worth transplanting in its entirety
into an art museum?
Have you seen my living room?
It's a goddamn masterpiece.
Probably, probably like 1880-something.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You don't, for instance, have the X Room anymore, unless it's like, the name of a conference room,
you know?
Yeah.
Oh, there's a hair salon near my house called , and it makes
me want to just do fries.
It just immediately docks yourself.
Yeah.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
Can you bleep that, Devin?
Please?
This may be one of the last rooms to be built, when I think about it now.
Hmm.
The Peacock Room.
Which is nice?
So, you know, there's a lot of social and cultural change that changes the attitudes
around art to be less of a moral thing, but we've got to talk about the Peacock Room.
So there's this guy, Frederick Richards Leyland.
Mm-hmm.
He owned a bunch of big ships for the transatlantic trade.
Is this like...
The kind of hormones you needed to...
This is like, it was the Leyland Line, I believe it was called.
Notably, later went on to build and own a ship called the SS California, the one that didn't
help the Titanic.
I knew I was flashing back to a nine hour Titanic episode.
Yeah.
But this is well before that, this is the 1880s.
So, 1870s, excuse me.
Frederick Richards Leyland had a big house.
He liked art.
Easier to be a communist in the 1870s when people were building the Peacock Room.
He didn't want the Peacock Room.
Oh.
Okay.
Yeah.
He's got a big turn already.
Yeah.
So, he liked art, he liked contemporary art in the 1870s.
What was all the rage was Japanese art, or Anglo-Japanese art.
Oh boy.
Because the Japanese were finally talking to people.
And everyone's like, oh, let's get this exotic Japanese crap, you know?
Make the country be open, stop having it be closed.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, this weeb stuff started really early.
Oh, jeez.
So, he hires Richard Norman Shaw to redo his entire house while he was on vacation.
Richard Norman Shaw was an architect, I didn't put anything in notes about him, I don't know
anything.
Maybe there's something important here.
He does a fucking, like, changing rooms game show thing where he's just like, I'm gonna
come back and see it for the first time when it's done.
Yeah, he does extreme home makeover to himself.
Yeah.
When you're rich, you can just do this.
Yeah, so he entrusts the architect, Richard Norman Shaw, entrusts Thomas Jekyll, who's
a guy who does a lot of Anglo-Japanese art.
He's cool, I'm not sure about his partner, though.
Some kind of doctor, or no.
To do the interiors, right?
And then he goes on vacation.
Jekyll's the doctor.
Jekyll's the doctor, mister.
No, you should!
You have to bleep that also.
I cannot express enough how much I need to make rent.
So, Thomas Jekyll, at great expense, furnishes one of Leyland's dining rooms with this 16th-century
leather wallpaper that had been painted with Tudor roses, which had originally been part
of the dowry of Catherine of Aragon.
I- leather wallpaper feels like viscerally wrong to me.
That's some like Yellow King shit, as far as I'm concerned.
Very, very, very, very expensive.
He paid one thousand pounds for it.
Wow.
A lot of money back then.
Yeah, no kidding.
Actually, I can do that in the background for you.
Oh, he died in a lunatic asylum.
That's good.
Oh.
I can do that.
Yeah, I bet we will.
This room destroys so many people.
One of the things I like about you, since this is a bonus episode so I can do whatever
the hell I want, is the sort of gleeful madman thing you occasionally have going on.
I love it very dearly.
I love you very dearly.
I hate this room so much.
This room is so good, Liam.
This is their best friend.
That's 150,000 pounds today.
That's not so bad!
That's a deposit for a small house outside of London.
You've gotta also consider it was a priceless historical artifact.
Pfft.
So Jekyll also had a bunch of cabinetry constructed to display Leyland's china collection.
Oh my god.
The sort of blue and white china that was very expensive today, but, you know, also you
can get free productions for nothing now.
Um, the focal point of the room was originally a large painting entitled The Princess from
the Land of Porcelain by none other than James McNeil Whistler.
Weeb.
The centerpiece of the room.
Weeb.
Weeb shit.
Which is, that painting is behind the camera in this shot.
Uh huh.
Because it is the least important thing that's about to happen.
Okay.
Okay.
This is another, it's in the next slide, but it's another Anglo-Japanese, you know, painting.
Uh, it's the Weeb stuff, yeah.
But Jekyll almost finishes the whole composition, then he falls ill and he has to stop working
on the room.
So he entrusts his friend, James McNeil Whistler, with finishing the room.
James McNeil Whistler takes a look at the priceless 16th century wallpaper and thinks it contrasts
poorly with his painting.
Oh no.
So he suggested Jekyll, we could touch up these roses with a bit of yellow, a bit of
gold leaf, you know, it's gonna look a little bit better.
And people didn't have the same ideas about historic preservation back then that we do
now.
Yeah, no kidding.
So Jekyll's like, yeah, that's a good idea, and Whistler gets to work.
And he starts painting.
He starts painting.
He starts painting.
He has no idea of, like, the real plan or idea of the final product.
And in the end, the room was now no longer covered in roses.
It was now entirely blue and gold and covered in peacocks.
Alright.
What a way to be led to madness, man.
So, Leyland, the owner of the mansion, returns from his vacation and sees the room.
He is completely livid.
He hates it.
It's the worst thing he's seen in his life.
Yeah, I can see why.
And so he...
You know, keep in mind, Whistler's painted over the expensive wallpaper, he's painted
over all of the cabinetry.
All this blue and gold is his.
Just this one weird guy has just arted all over your shit and ruined it.
Yeah, he arted everywhere.
He arted off the walls, he arted on the floor, on the ceiling.
You know?
So he was livid.
He was aghast.
He hated it.
He cut off the contract with Whistler.
And what Whistler did...
Oh boy.
...'cause the room wasn't finished, is he broke in and finished it.
Anyone on this show just be normal.
I really respect this, actually.
This is fantastic.
You don't tell me when I'm done with the art.
I tell you.
I tell me when I'm done with the art.
So, in that process, he finishes this large mural back there of two peacocks fighting,
which is art and money, or the story of the room.
That's what it's entitled.
Imagine that the next morning you come down and you find more peacocks have been added.
And just the guy's like half...
Because it's whatever, 18, who gives a shit.
1870, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And just guy strung out on enough cocaine to kill Freud.
Just like, two paintbrushes, one of each hand.
It's like, you don't understand my vision.
Alright, so...
So, Thomas Jekyll finds out about this.
He's also shocked and appalled at what's happened.
And he looks at the room, he's like, what the hell has happened?
He goes back to his own studio, and he's found on the floor, covered in gold leaf, next
to the ladder.
Just destroys this guy's psyche.
I'm seeing Goldfinger, yeah.
He goes mad.
He just goes completely mad afterwards.
Yeah.
Jesus.
Whistler loses the contract and declared bankruptcy.
But he had a sense of humor about it, because when the creditors came to his house to seize
his assets to pay back Leyland, he has painted and displayed in the main hall of his house,
a large picture of Leyland depicted as a horrible peacock man.
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure this is just the first 25 minutes of Bioshock, actually.
This kind of like, this prolonged campaign of psychological torture.
I love this!
This is, this is, and they say art can only ever, like, serve capital.
No, no, no.
It can also drive them insane.
Serve beef.
It's just serving hot, fresh beef.
Leyland's wife divorced him.
For Whistler.
So you see, I...
Can you imagine being a court for that?
Interesting argument, however, I have depicted myself as the Chad and you as the horrible
peacock man.
I just spat all over myself, dude.
And this is...
We hope this bonus makes it up to you.
One of the original...
One of the early, you know, manifestations of the modern concept of art for art's sake.
Hmm.
Right?
And for psychological warfare beef's sake.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The art worked really good.
Yeah.
It caused a lot of visceral reactions.
Which is what...
Which is what you want art to do.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Art as torture device is pretty funny.
Um...
Leyland still, like, he didn't alter the room.
Eventually, like, he passed away.
Divorced and miserable.
Um...
Are we sure this room isn't, like, cursed?
Oh, it's cursed.
So, it was perched.
The room was purchased, lock, stock, and barrel from Leyland's heirs in 1904 by Charles
Lang Freer.
He installed it in his own mansion in Detroit, later donated it and the rest of his collection
to the Smithsonian Institute.
Today, you can visit the room in the basement of the Freer Gallery.
So, I...
What's the cursed situation like?
Um...
Well, I've been there, and I am the person who I am.
Not concluding anything from this yet.
Need to know what happened to Freer first.
Um...
Maybe once they removed it from the situation, then it was normal.
You know, I wanna think it's not a cognitohazard.
I'm pretty sure it's only a cognitohazard if you don't like it.
I quite like it.
Yeah.
Just to say that to, like, insulate myself a bit.
I don't like it, but I find its use as psychological warfare pretty funny.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I do like the sort of, I am going to go broke and divorced because I'm just gonna keep
painting, nobody can stop me, fuck you.
I'm going to lose my wife to the painter who I am.
Oh, yeah, that's what I meant, yes.
Just magnificent.
Again.
Peacock Soyjack.
Yeah.
What a terrible phrase.
This is the painting that was supposed to be the focal point of the room.
The painting was me shambling towards the microphone to record this podcast.
Yes.
The James McNeil Whistler painted the painting and then redid the entire room around it.
This is sort of, you know, it's that and the China collection, of course.
Mm-hmm.
But, yeah, so...
This is the state of art in the 1870s, which is it will drive you mad.
You seldom see this now.
You seldom get art that drives you insane, you know?
Yeah.
You know, there's a certain extent to which people have been insulated to this stuff, probably
on account of LiveLeak.
Anyway.
Mm.
You know, it used to be you could just have a room in your house that would just ruin
you.
True.
I mean, again, you don't really have rooms anymore.
Like, I was saying this before we started recording, but I remember when I was a kid,
I was in St. Petersburg, and I saw the, like, Amber Room, which is like a Tsarist era, sort
of like, a room made entirely of Baltic amber, all the furniture is inlaid and stuff.
And it's a reproduction, and there's a sign outside that's like, this is sort of a reproduction
done at the expense of the German government, we're sorry.
And you go, well, why?
And the answer is because the Nazis stole a room.
Because, again, this was just like, a room was a sort of dismantleable, portable thing,
and they put it in, like, boxes as part of the art looting, and then they just lost it,
it's probably just been destroyed forever, but maybe some billionaire just has an amber
room, like the real one now.
I don't know.
Yeah, just somewhere.
We'll actually talk about a building that that happened to later in this podcast.
Building theft.
Building theft.
Um, you know, and it was, um, but anyway, so this is sort of the breakdown of the connection
between art and morality, exemplified in one room, which occurred in the late 1800s.
That didn't mean people weren't still trying to keep up the farce, though.
Right?
So, we gotta talk about William Morris and the arts and crafts movement.
Yeah, the boy!
We'll be wearing a William Morris necklace as we record this.
If you want to find out more about this, not to plug my other shit here, but Riley and
I did an episode of a podcast within a podcast called Left on Red on the Trash YouTube Patreon
about William Morris' How I Became a Socialist, if you want to hear a whole hour of me talk
about this guy.
Ooh, I didn't know you did that one.
Yeah, I sent you a link to it, yeah.
Okay, yeah, that sounds good.
We gotta talk about, so, like, William Morris and the, like, arts and crafts movement here
is, is... it doesn't start with William Morris, uh, but he is, he is the practitioner while
John Ruskin is the theorist, right?
Yes.
Yeah.
And we talked about this a bit more back in episode 77 about historic restoration, one
of the several grand academic debates, and all the debates were academic because we didn't
have social media for people to yell at each other, and people had to, people had to furiously
write books at each other.
Mm-hmm.
One of these grand academic debates of the late 19th century centered around the widespread
practice of restoring ancient churches, right?
Um, you had all these old half-finished churches and cathedrals around Victorian Britain and Europe
suddenly had the money, manpower, and material to finish them, right?
And a lot of these are sort of done ham-fistedly by architects who didn't specialize in, like, restoration
or architectural history.
I know who the next slide is gonna be.
Yeah.
Yeah, well.
Um, a lot of churches lost a lot of historical fabric and unique features in this infuriated
people who knew not anything about how old churches were supposed to look, notably John
Ruskin.
Based in trad that he was, you know?
He was very based in trad.
He's the most based in trad.
He is the original based trad.
Mm-hmm.
The sort of apocryphal story about him on his wedding night being horrified and disgusted
that his new wife has pubic hair, because he's only ever seen women in statue form.
Eugh.
And, you know, Ruskin, he writes a lot about art and culture, he has lots of social critiques,
notably about industrialization, particularly the industrialization of art.
You know, once a sort of return to a simpler time, men were real craftsmen, hand-built great
gothic, and particularly gothic, and architecture.
Yeah, this is a very romantic notion.
Like, Morris picks up on this a lot, this kind of, like, medieval craft thing, right?
Where what they want is a kind of, like, imagined, like, kind of guild socialism, where everything's,
like, there is ornament to it, and that ornament is, like, purposeful and purposive, and, you
know, everyone is just sort of like a generalist, and you get lots of interesting sort of, like,
little diversions in the arts and crafts movement, most notably Morris Ruskin and also Eric Gill,
the dog fucker who could design a font.
Yeah.
Listen, he may have designed the fuck out of some fonts, but he also fucks dogs and children.
This is the experience of non-Marxian socialism.
Yeah, pretty much.
You get some, like, weird, sort of medieval fetish guys and the dog fucker, you know?
Yeah, you get that, or you get Henry George.
I mean, what else are you gonna do?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, you know, and this, these sorts of ideas, you know, about returning not just to Gothic
architecture, but Gothic means and methods of constructing that architecture is a big part
of it.
And this comes from anything else as much from an old attitude about the morality of architecture,
even as the sentiment of architecture as a moral or ethical thing is waning.
It really is trad.
Like, it is like, sort of, revolutionary conservatism in that way.
Yeah, it's trad, but with, I think, a more coherent critique of industrial production.
Yeah.
Than what a statue guy on Twitter's gonna do.
Yeah.
It recognizes a sort of...
Because, again, it was easier back then.
There was a clearer link between the kind of, like, indignity and sort of, like, brutality
of the industrial revolution as it was happening.
And, like, the sort of immiseration of labour.
Right.
Whereas, you know, now it's all fucking apps or whatever.
And so you want to be a Greek statue instead of thinking about wanting to be a serf.
And you're gonna say, why don't architects design like this anymore without engaging at
all with the actual productive processes behind it, I think.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, Reskin's also associated with the movement of painters who call themselves the pre-Raphaelites.
Yes!
These guys.
These fucking guys.
Uh, I mean, okay.
So, actually my mum was really into the pre-Raphaelites, so I grew up with a lot of pre-Raphaelites,
like, paintings in the house and stuff.
Um, tapestries as well.
Huge tapestry, guys.
Um, and again, it's like, sort of, delicate, romantic, peculiarly English, lots of Shakespearean
scenes, lots of flowers, lots of Arthurian motifs.
All of these guys were fucking on each other ruthlessly, which we appreciate.
Um, Dante Gabriel Rossetti maybe invented being a twink.
Uh, but like, um, it's fine.
I'm used to it, and I find it like, sometimes I really like it.
There's a reason why I have the Morris necklace on.
Uh, it's- but with the awareness that it's a bit twee and regressive, and some of it's
beautiful, some of it's compelling.
Um, but yeah, there's a certain kind of air to it, I guess.
Like, you look at these guys and you know you would be so weird if you had access to
Twizzr.
I respect an artistic movement that has some of the same opinions that I do, which
is that art ended with Raphael painting the School of Athens.
Yeah, it's nice when women have big curly hair.
Yeah.
It's, um, it's, uh, um, you know, it- I don't know.
I am at heart, you know, also like, ah, we need to go back to the medieval gothic bullshit.
That's the only thing we- and we sort of did, which we'll get to.
I want to feel awe and a little bit of gravity of great dread when I look at a building.
Yeah, just like, not even-
The late Renaissance paintings sucked.
They were all just, oh look, I can do perspective.
I can paint a picture of some people in a building.
Three quarters of my effort is on the building, by the way.
Not a Velasquez fan, I guess.
I mean, this is the thing, right?
That, like, being so trad that you don't just think the Counter-Reformation was a disaster,
and we should all still be Mannerists.
Ah, no, they were pre-Mannerists.
Oh, Jesus, okay, so they're even more based and trad than that.
Yeah, no, Mannerism was a mistake too.
Oh boy.
Well, you see, true Mannerism has never been tried.
Ah, no, it was tried.
It's called Carlo Maderno's facade on St. Peter's and it sucks.
That is an ugly looking church.
Anyway.
So.
Ruskin's ideas are put into practice by a few artists and architects, most notably William
Morris.
You know, we've got the red house here, the hand-built, you know, full craftsman stuff,
you know.
Yeah, yeah.
So Morris had this thing where he ran a design firm, and he kind of lived to regret doing
this in a lot of ways.
He became very self-critical about it, because he is an avowed non-Marxist socialist who's
like, we gotta go back to serfdom, brackets inclusive.
And, as such, the fact that I make most of my money selling wallpaper to rich, evil cunts
sits really poorly with me, and I hate it.
He's a big wallpaper guy.
Huge.
He advocated against a lot of these mechanized production processes, but ultimately sort of
has to capitulate to them.
Yeah, and now you can buy a mechanized William Morris thing.
You can get a machine-sewn tapestry of, you know, I am the handmaid of the earth.
And you can sort of, like, if you keep that in your house, then you can hear a slight whir
of him turning mechanically in his grave.
Yeah, but this kicks off an architectural and artistic movement called the Arts and Crafts
Movement.
It's a rejection of the sort of art and architecture that mass mechanization had enabled, right?
Even though-
Eric Gill doing Iggy Puff and being like, now I wanna fuck a dog.
You know, this is sort of rejection of, you know, mechanization, the factory system, division
of labor, you know, even like, you know, because buildings were being, at this point, pretty
much mass-produced.
You could order, like, a cornice by the foot from a catalog.
Mm-hmm.
You've ready-made ornament, interior decorations that are made on a vast scale, wallpaper, even
though Morris was also making his wallpaper.
Uh, we need to go back to real craftsmen making real crafts without all the machinery nonsense,
right?
But there's heavy contradictions in this movement, ultimately.
Of course, they weren't Marxists.
Like, internally.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, I mean, you know, okay, you need the, um, you need scientific socialism, and they
didn't like that.
Yeah, you gotta listen to this one weird German man.
No, the weird German man is the guy.
But we have to talk about a weird French man.
I knew this was coming.
Yeah.
So, we also talked about this back in 18, episode 77, not 1877.
It's been going for that long, I think.
I'm delirious.
So, the counterpoint to Ruskin is also often considered to be Eugene Viollet-le-Duc, right?
Gone in Disneyland.
Saint-Chapelle is gonna be the most lurid, beautiful thing in the world.
You are gonna feel the god coming out of the walls.
Yeah, yeah.
You're gonna go there and you're gonna be completely fucking overwhelmed, right?
You know, Viollet-le-Duc also restored churches and occasionally a castle or a rich guy's house,
right?
His ideas are a lot more radical than Ruskin's, right?
Rather than being heavily deferential to preserving old buildings and leaving these things sort of
in the state they were, only making minor changes, so on and so forth.
Leduc is like, okay, we're gonna restore these buildings to a more complete state, even if it
never existed historically, right?
Yes.
Yeah.
You know, he would regularly and happily embellish and alter medieval churches in order to restore
them to some cohesive whole.
But the difference between Leduc and, you know, these sorts of more amateur restorations is Leduc
had such an insane breadth of knowledge about medieval churches that he essentially could
do no wrong.
Let an artistic guy do his special interests.
The thing is, we don't know the extent to which medieval architects watching this would
be horrified or would be like, yeah, fucking do it!
You're doing the thing right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I am pretty sure about the second one.
Because there's so many changes that go on.
You know, over the course, a church that was built over 1000 years, you gotta sorta do what
you can.
They'd be like rooting you on for finishing it in some fashion, right?
So, but Leduc literally, in a lot of ways, wrote the book on, well, not in a lot of ways.
He did write the book on medieval Gothic architecture.
Hmm.
Yeah.
You know, he is where the knowledge comes from, at least initially.
Obviously, we have people who have done subsequent scholarship.
But at this point, even you talk about the sort of differences between Ruskin and Leduc, Ruskin
himself said there's only one book worth reading about architecture, and that is Leduc's book
on medieval French architecture.
Mm-hmm .
Sort of threw gritted teeth.
Well, he didn't like Leduc's philosophy, but he did like his work.
Mm-hmm .
It's very, very meticulous.
It's very, you know, it's very historically accurate to the extent that you could do it.
And the resulting compositions, they're world famous, like Notre Dame, you know, which largely
is at this point a Leduc restoration or Saint-Chapelle, of course, right here.
Right?
But Leduc is also a theorist about how new buildings should be being built, right?
Sure.
He doesn't like the academic side of architecture, namely the École des Beaux-Arts, which is
going to be a great villain today.
Mm-hmm .
The École, that's the School of Fine Arts in Paris, slowly homogenizing every significant
building and doing some kind of big, generic, grey, neoclassical thing.
Sure.
Um, Leduc is also working during Haussmann's slow but steady march to make every building
in Paris look like every other building in Paris.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right?
People like those now.
You know?
People prize those.
People like the sort of Beaux-Arts bits of Washington DC or whatever.
And those people are wrong to do that.
Yeah, yeah, it's absolutely true.
There's a great image somewhere of a... there was a neo-gothic proposal for the Library of
Congress.
Mm.
It's an incredible-looking building.
And they didn't build that, they built neoclassical bullshit.
Anyway.
He's rebelling against things that are worth rebelling against, right?
He has these radical ideas about how new materials should be used in future buildings.
Um, you know, it's a clear and natural progression of the historical gothic style of building to
use all the materials you have at your disposal, and to use them as aggressively as possible.
Use every part of the church.
Yes.
I paid for the church, I'm gonna use all parts of it.
Use the whole church.
Well, because the way the gothic style used stone is, you know, the reason you have things
like flying buttresses, the reasons you have, you know, groin vaults, the reason you have
all this stuff, it's all because we want to use this stone as aggressively as possible
to bring as much light in or to make the tallest thing.
I mean, these are, these are like, you know, the gothic style of architecture, I think, is,
um, differentiated from like later Renaissance stuff and like, no, we're going to go all
the way as opposed to this sort of later conservative, like architecture.
Yeah.
Um, Leduc is sort of, you know, continuing in this tradition, like as early as the 1860s,
he's predicting that in the near future, we'd have these sorts of iron framed houses with
this sort of tile facade in between, right?
He's saying, we're going to have these impossibly large concert halls.
He invents an entire new type of column that can be angled, right, to hold up the roof.
Honestly, fuck John Ruskin, let this guy cook.
Like, don't go back to episode 77 and see what I said here, because I might have reversed
myself completely.
But like, in this case, no, you've won me over.
Like, we should all be living in like a 200 story tall building with like weird columns
on it.
Yes.
And to leave it out over the street.
There's a reason I'm a Leduc guy and not a Ruskin guy, right?
Mm.
You know, but Leduc, unfortunately, in his career, he is largely commissioned for church
restorations.
We don't see any of his wildest ideas come to fruition, even though at the time they would
have been possible.
But he theorizes extensively.
Mm.
And he writes a lot about it, right?
Other architects around Europe eventually pick them up.
And these are, again, these ideas are directly in conflict with the École de Beaux-Arts, which
is, you know, where the architecture comes from.
Steamrolling its way through Europe.
Yeah.
Wearily conventional.
Yeah, they've begrudgingly accepted cast iron as a valid material.
At this point, even sparingly.
This is like the 1860s and 70s.
Mm.
Um, so, you know, um, so we'll fast forward a little bit and keep in mind, there's also
an art aspect to this.
Yeah.
Um, to sort of the end of the century, right?
Um, Leduc is dead.
So he's not arguing against the École des Beaux-Arts, but there's still artistic academies
across Europe.
Right?
Yeah.
The guys who are about to get their shit exploded by modernity, but right now are just
like, uh, check it out.
We've done some more conventional stuff.
Yes.
Uh, yeah.
Are you excited for the 297th consecutive art show of the same five paintings?
The same damn neo-Renaissance bullshit, it sucks, get off the stage.
And every single, like, art architecture, even music, is just like, waiting for all of
this stuff to explode.
To have a shit moved back, yeah.
Um, you don't live in 1680, get fucked.
No, no, no, the form of the novel has to be this.
The form of the painting has to be this.
The form of the, like, advertisement for champagne has to be this.
There was so much building up that led to this moment, which were the secessions.
Yeah.
Right?
You don't understand how stifling this must have been, right?
Not like South Carolina secession, that's a different thing.
Jesus.
This is an artistic secession.
Yeah.
I mean, stuff like the Armory Show, or, uh, anything, all the way through to, like,
cubism, right?
Like, uh, just all of these revolts all come from this place of, like, you don't know how
boring art used to be.
Yeah.
Yeah, you know how much it used to suck.
So, you know, all these artistic academies, and if you're not super familiar with the
situation at the time, they didn't have social media back then, right?
Mm.
So, it's not like now when everyone has their own OC fursona that you draw in various situations,
right?
Yeah.
Also, I should say, the other thing about the academy, right, these are the guys who
decide whether or not you get to do art.
Yes.
You want to talk about outsider art now, that's a very rigid formal distinction at this point,
because if you are not, like, making, like, conventional, bozar, like, academic art in
whatever form it is, you are not getting to do it in a way that is going to be popularized.
Yeah, these are the guys who looked at Van Gogh and said, ah, shit sucks.
Yeah, these are the guys who, like, tell the burgeoning middle classes what art is,
and what they can spend, what kind of art they can spend their money on, too.
It's got a lot to do with it, sure.
Yeah, this is like what art is, what conventional art is, what acceptable art is.
It's so centralized in a way that we could not, you know, it's just not familiar to us
now.
You know what I was talking about earlier, sort of the democratization of this shit.
Yeah.
At least it was a closed shop.
I have muted myself.
Closed shops are good.
Closed shops are good.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's true.
These guys are based, actually.
Nah, it's like, okay, anyone can make art and it can be popular, but only a few people
get paid millions of dollars for it.
But, you know.
In some ways, sort of going back, but in other ways...
Yeah, actually, in some ways we have gone back.
Yeah, well, we'll also get to that.
You know, access to mass media, you know, brightly illustrated magazines and a whole bunch of
other stuff, you know, means all across Europe, artists are realizing that it's not just them,
it's other artists who are also frustrated with these formal academies, salon systems.
All across Europe, visual artists start seceding from the academies and the societies and so on.
It starts in Munich in 1892, well, it kind of starts earlier than that, but that was
one of the first really formal ones where they're like, we're going to make our own
salon with blackjack and hookers.
Yeah, it's like youth in revolt, you know.
Yes.
And some of these people are really young still.
That's what Jugend is here, the magazine for this sort of art.
You know, these individual movements, they sort of start happening around the same time,
they take different names.
In Germany, the Jugendstil.
In Italy, it's the style Liberté.
And in Spain, it's Modernisme.
And Denmark is called Skånverk.
Get the fuck out of here.
Yeah.
In England, it's the Glasgow style.
Yeah.
Huge, huge center for this kind of stuff.
I see there's some Glasgow stuff coming up, which I'm going to embarrass myself by not knowing
enough about.
But yeah, like, in design and in painting, there's like, the Glasgow Boys, you know, there's
a lot of this stuff.
But ultimately, a lot of this art, and again, we're going to talk more about the architecture,
but all of this is art nouveau.
It is the new art.
We have seceded from the academy.
This is the new art.
It really is art, too.
Yeah.
And this is...
This art is personal.
This entire movement, I think, is really, it's a flash in the pan, but I think it results
in some of the best architecture ever created.
Because it is...
It's a precursor to modernism.
It represents sort of a different way of thinking about buildings than we have today.
I just like looking at it.
Anyway.
It's inventive.
It is new.
It is new.
It's new.
Yeah.
It is new, somehow.
Yes.
So, um...
I don't know.
We'll look at some characteristics of this sort of building, right?
So, when you said you were going to do art nouveau mostly through the lens of architecture,
what I said to you was, yeah, that's when the window is curvy, right?
The window is curvy.
The window is curvy.
You know what, the window is doobie curvy.
It does doobie curvy, yeah.
And you know, I like a curvy window.
I like a curvy door, I like all of this non-conventional bullshit, and I was sad to see that we had
a brief resurgence of this kind of form through AI image generation not knowing how to generate
a straight line, and just getting weird and blobby with it, you know?
Yeah, so there's some characteristics I guess we'll look at for Art Nouveau.
A lot of times you have the curvy window, asymmetry is a big one.
They reject all that symmetry bullshit.
You have lots of color, you have big murals, like this guy here.
But you also have these very handcrafted details.
You can sort of see the influence still of Japanese or Anglo-Japanese art, right?
The composition is total, right?
Everything is designed.
There's nothing off the shelf.
But not in sort of the same way that Arts and Crafts is, because Art Nouveau embraces machine
production.
A lot of this stuff could not be done without heavy use of machinery, but it's still, it's
all bespoke, it's all unique.
Right?
And, you're designing everything from the building down to furniture, flooring, doors, door hardware.
Yeah.
This is absolutely so.
Put a curve in it, differentiate it.
Yes.
Now, opening my copy of The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction, you know?
Yeah.
You're using new materials.
You're using new technology.
These big curved planes of glass are like a relatively recent development.
I want the curvy window so bad.
I like the curvy windows.
And the buildings are thoroughly modern, well, for their time, obviously.
It's not 1895 anymore, but...
And this style has very fuzzy edges, right?
There's not like a distinct Art Nouveau style that everyone is consciously trying to evoke.
You will have...
It's kind of doing it.
...other stuff bleeding in all the time.
Yeah.
Cool.
And the other thing I will say here before we get into this properly is...
Before we get into this properly, an hour in.
An hour in.
I knew this motherfucker was coming.
Alphonse Mucha.
Yeah.
The least inspired.
Because I talked about William Morris, right?
Getting some fire up in this one, like an hour in.
I talked about William Morris, and I was like, William Morris is great, but you can't be trusted
with him because you don't enjoy him on as many levels as I do, right?
I like my elite understanding of William Morris.
And a lot of people like William Morris because they think the flowers are pretty, which was
the thing that drove him insane in his lifetime.
And is why you see machine-made William Morris tapestries in people's houses.
Well, if you want an even more degenerated example of that, it's the work of Alphonse Mucha, who
did these kinds of paintings, these kinds of like, particularly advertisements, but you'll
also see like the four seasons.
And you will see these everywhere and they blend effortlessly into nothing.
There is like no semantic content left in them other than pretty colors.
Maybe.
Well, I mean, a lot of it was a lot of, especially the graphic side of this was advertisements.
Yeah.
Ultimately.
This will not backfire on the art movement or art in any way.
I'm pretty sure.
Yeah.
And if it does, it'll never happen again.
So yeah, a lot of it is advertising.
A lot of it's graphic design.
A lot of this is also things like stained glass.
It's like things like this Tiffany lamp, you know, weird furniture, stuff like that.
You know, it's in textiles, it's in ceramics, it's in painting.
It's coupled with whole movements like dress reform in Britain or in Germany, Lebensreform.
Women can wear pants now and ride bicycles and sort of the stirrings of a kind of early
aesthetic feminism, where we're like, what we want is not equality with men, but we want
a movement for practical clothing.
Now, women being able to ride bicycles was actually like a really big important thing.
Oh, I know.
The two emancipatory elements of early, sort of pre-feminist women's liberation, the postbox
and the bicycle.
And in a washing machine, that was the other one.
You can post letters that don't have to be sent by a man, and you can ride a bicycle
to, as I once memorably saw it described by a trad guy complaining about it, go and fuck
strange chads.
It sounds like the goddamn weirdest thing, man.
Yeah, genuinely.
But this was a very real social concern at the time.
Yeah.
So this is sort of the...
It's a big artistic movement, and it'd be hard to get into a lot of this stuff, because
what I know is buildings, so I'm gonna stick to buildings.
It actually says in the notes, I know buildings and I don't know anything else.
So I thought, since we talked a bunch about England, we'd start with Charles Rennie Macintosh.
It's more of a Scotland thing, but yeah.
Excuse me, Scotland, yeah.
But England, I...
Listen, I...
It's fine, listen.
I think it's fine to refer to Scotland as England, and this is one of the reasons why
I'm being forced to leave Scotland.
Yeah, so let me tell you, if you're an art person up here, you'd love this guy.
This is another thing with...
A bit like Morris, to be honest, where it's like, it's so much part of the furniture.
Sometimes literally, because he designed a lot of furniture.
If you want to suggest that something in Scotland is a bit arty, you use this guy's font, right?
And that is kind of in a lot of places.
And it always struck me as like...
Some of it's like this little venerative thing going on in Glasgow, specifically about
Rennie Macintosh.
It's just...
I don't know.
I think it became as established in its own way as some of the, like, Beaux-Arts stuff.
I'll tell you what, I sort of agree with you there, Alice.
I don't like Charles Rennie Macintosh as much as a lot of the other people we're going to
talk about.
I think it's maybe...
Guy is too venerated.
Now, sometimes it's like...
Yep.
I guess I don't know what the academic term for Stan culture is.
Oh, Stan culture.
Yeah.
Some of that...
We'll get to that much later in this podcast about people who think maybe you're putting
too much stock into this, but...
Yeah, genuinely.
I think, like, because he had weirder contemporaries, too.
Yes.
And, yeah, no, it's weird to pick out this one guy specifically and be like, this is
the art guy.
Well, not even art, specifically, this is the design guy.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Because you can sort of see there's a through line here between the sort of minimalist,
the Anglo-Japanese art to the sort of, you know, the compositions that Charles Rennie
McIntosh is doing.
You have sort of...
Well, there's lots of squares, and there's lots of white, and there's lots of squares,
and there's...
I call Rennie McIntosh a weeb, and I'm immediately attacked by a bunch of our school students.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I...
I put him early so...
I haven't met that against the guy for reasons, don't worry about them, they're all bad.
Interesting, okay.
Okay.
And he does a lot of sort of more minimal stuff than a lot of his contemporaries.
Here, we're looking at the Hill House.
This was commissioned by Walter Blackie, who was...
Wow.
He was a publisher of children's books.
And he's like, I would like to live in an ominous castle, please.
I would like to live in a...
This is my real turret, this is my little turret.
And McIntosh is like, I'm gonna make all your windows look like shoji screens.
Yes, exactly.
So, you know.
And he wanted a house that looked better on the inside than the outside.
Well, I mean, a thing easy to accomplish in Scotland.
Aww.
Well, here's the thing.
We don't have a lot of good-looking buildings.
They used a new type of Portland cement harling for the exterior.
Harling is sort of a rough lime mixture, which is traditional, but this was made out of Portland
cement.
And what has happened over the hundred and ten, hundred and twenty years this building has
existed is it's turned to mush.
Hmm.
So, what's it called?
The National Trust has now built a second house around this house.
Historic Scotland, yeah.
Scotland.
They built a second house around the house so it can dry out and they can figure out what
to do with it.
The Chernobyl sarcophagus approach?
Literally.
There's a Tom Scott video about it.
I think I quit YouTube.
Yeah.
Well, you know, at some point people gotta retire.
No, I have to make rent fund.
Listen, I need the money to keep coming forever.
Okay, but Tom Scott has probably made enough money to retire.
I think that's probably true.
You know what, can we just move up a fixing the bomb card to it now?
Yeah, dude, the thing is, what it is, right, is if you want us to retire and stop making
videos so you're free of us, you have to give us Tom Scott numbers.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Yes.
Um, so, you know, this is one of those-
We never even got those plaques, we gotta do the fucking plaques.
I will attach the bomb card to you.
I don't think that the lady ever emailed us back.
I'll email it again.
You gotta chase that.
Yeah, I gotta chase that again.
So, you know, but this is, you know, you can see, okay, everything in here is bespoke.
The couch is bespoke.
The fireplace.
The lighting fix, everything.
You're a design guy.
He designed your entire fucking house for you.
Fine.
You pray God he doesn't make it out of peacocks and drive you insane.
Oh.
Yeah, well, unfortunately, no one does it as well as James McNeil Whistler.
You know, he does this, he does a number of- he does, I think, a lot of- mostly furniture,
right?
He does a couple of buildings.
Yeah, he does a lot of dark wood chairs and stuff, yeah.
Lots of great elongated vertical forms.
Another thing he does, this is a rare view of the Glasgow school of art when it isn't
on fire.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I, listen, at some point it has to be funny, and to me that's like, very ugly.
It's a priceless cultural architectural treasure that burned down a little.
Twice.
Then when they started restoring it, it burned down much worse.
Yeah, it burned down much worse the day before they put the fire suppression system
in.
Yeah.
I mean, which was then followed by a bunch of suspicious fires across property that
was gonna get redeveloped in Glasgow.
So, a lot of people had jokes about Muriel Gray fleeing the scene with a jerrycat, you know?
It's just- it was such a fucking failure of stewardship, is the thing.
And what else can you do but laugh, because otherwise you will cry.
It's kind of funny that it burned down twice in rapid succession.
Specifically, because the first time it burned down, they lost the Rennie Macintosh library,
right?
Which was, again, one of his, like, I will design a whole room.
He did all the furniture custom and stuff.
It's all very, like, dark wood.
I hadn't been inside, but I'd seen pictures and it was nice.
And that burned down and then they made such a huge deal out of the fact that, like, we
have precisely, like, using 3D modeling and, like, high resolution photos and fucking, like,
LiDAR or whatever.
We have recreated this, like, beautiful room from scratch and it's like, it's gonna rise
like a phoenix from the ashes and, you know, Glasgow is gonna be restored with, like, new
motive, vigor, and purpose and then it fucking burned down again.
That's what you get.
That's the only thing that, like, gives me municipal pride.
It's not the fucking, like, jerking yourself off about, oh, we put a traffic cone on the
fucking statue, aren't we?
Sort of irreverent.
No, no, no.
It's a city so committed to being shit and liking it that, like, we won't even be allowed
the kind of redemptive narrative of, like, check it out, we made it better again.
No, it won't.
It will stay burnt out forever.
Do not try and study art here.
Ask us about the Boner Forever Builder.
Glasgow and Philadelphia are the same city.
You cannot change my mind.
Yeah, we've established this.
I don't think it's in the spirit of the thing to rebuild it exactly the way it was.
It isn't.
Art changes, Mashaes.
Yeah, I think that was divine punishment.
Yeah.
But, you know, the mod, again, we're gonna talk a lot about VLA-leduc thought here.
So what you're saying is rebuild this again and much weirder.
Yeah, rebuild it again, but more.
VLA-leduc, obviously, I'm not knowing anything about art and or architecture, I only learned
by Ross Moses.
I think of Chris Ledoux, the country singer, and I'm always, like, a little bit confused
for half a beat.
So I started with Charles Rennie Macintosh.
Keep in mind, I'm gonna go forward, backward through history.
It's a bonus episode, we can do whatever the hell we want.
Yeah, exactly.
We're just gonna flip back, I don't give a shit.
Anyway.
We're now ten minutes in and we're on slide, what was that, twelve?
Eleven.
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
Maybe we'll start about the guy, I guess, who gets the movement going.
I mean, this is sort of the, uh, the Ur Art Nouveau building.
I like the Curvy staircase.
Mr. Curvy window himself.
Yes.
I do like this.
I regret to give it to the Belzebub.
Green, sort of like, verdigris, like, paint and like, Roth iron and copper and stuff.
It's nice.
No, it's nice.
Yeah.
Um, so, Victor Horta is in Brussels.
He is a Belgian horror of horrors.
OHHHHHHHHH!
You can lead a Horta culture.
One of Dorothy Parker's best, though.
So, Victor Horta, one of his first significant architectural works is what we think
of when we think Art Nouveau.
This is the Hotel Tassel from 1892.
It's great.
Love it.
Yeah.
It's really good.
In its own way, it reminds me of one of the little, like, jewel box banks we've talked
about before in Philadelphia, you know?
Just the very narrow footprint and the, like, doing some weird shit in the facade.
Oh, the jewel boxes are in the Midwest, and we will talk about those later.
Oh, they're bang-ups.
So, Horta, he's the son of a shoemaker, but he got a proper formal architecture
education, earned a place in the office of Alphonse Ballet.
The inventor of ballet.
Uh, yeah, presumably.
Is it ballet?
I don't know.
I don't know Belgium.
Ballard.
Ballard.
I've...
Alphonse Ballard, yeah.
I'm just going to stop and let you do the French, because there's a lot of it in
this episode.
Alright, I see the word, I see the word, the German word at the bottom of the thing, so...
No, I know the German word in this one.
Oh, I bet you do!
Yeah.
So, he works in the office...
Where were you in 1941 to 1945, Roz?
Works in the office of...
Oh, is it just...
I...
Uh, but...
Okay.
Works in the office of Alphonse, what's his face, who was the architect, who...
No other than King Leopold II.
Boo!
Yeah, yeah, not...
Yeah, not like a god.
Read King Leopold's Ghost.
Yeah, I'm not going to make the joke again.
Um, anyway...
Thank you!
So...
He had early experience working on massive greenhouses, right?
Lots of iron work, lots of glass.
Interesting.
That expires as some of his future work.
Um, he was also heavily influenced, like everyone else, by Ville Le Duc, right?
Um, the Hotel Tassel was the townhouse in Brussels, which was built for a professor of descriptive
geometry.
Oh my god, fuck off.
That's not real.
Imagine, your job is to, like, use a pair of compasses to describe a circle, and to,
like, teach one class a week about Euclid, and in response for that salary, you get to
go out on that balcony, which you own, wholesale, the whole building, and just, like, look out
on Brussels.
As a person with a degree in math, I can confirm, do not get a degree in math.
You know what we wouldn't have if we didn't have descriptive geometry?
What, Roz?
Pervy window.
Video games.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah.
I'll take that trade, actually.
I'll take that trade.
Yeah, this is like a, these are like foundational mathematics to creating, like, computer 3D graphics.
Right.
But it's like 1892.
You can't see it?
My ass fell asleep in us recording.
So I'm just, in case you're wondering why I sound further away from the mic, it's
because I have to stand up and move.
Yeah, it's important to take breaks in these things.
Occupational health things.
So, small domino, this guy gets curvy window, big domino, golden eye on N64.
Yes.
Yes.
So, now, this was the second townhouse Horta had designed.
He did one earlier, which is also sort of trying to do this sort of new style, but he
did it in a sort of conventional sense that a Belgian townhouse would be laid out in, which
meant there were a lot of interior rooms.
Yeah, a lot of genocide chambers.
Miserable?
Hold on.
What?
I just got a message of some kind, which is probably saying something horrible about my
hard drive.
Oh, I'm gonna kill you.
Oh my god.
Bomb caller.
Bomb caller.
Dude, I've seen the technical difficulties.
Hi, Devon.
I just wanted to spend my Friday getting drunk.
Wait, are you doing that now?
Well then, you should've been more specific, shouldn't you?
Yeah, I was about to say, you should be drinking absinthe right now.
This is that type of thing.
I don't have absinthe.
I was gonna...
How humanity has fallen.
You have absinthe in your house?
I was thinking about going out and buying some, but I didn't do that.
I didn't think so.
I didn't think so.
Well, the thing is, you know, it'd be good for the gag, but no one would see it.
Yeah, drink a bunch of green russians.
Everybody draw some fan art of Justin with a sort of little, tiny glass of absinthe.
Well, you know how there's...
We had this joke back in college, you know how there's a...
Ernest Hemingway did the death in the afternoon, that's champagne and absinthe.
Absinthe.
Yeah.
Well, you know, you can cheap that out by having a loss of time accident in the afternoon,
that champagne...
Excuse me, that's absinthe and Prosecco.
It has been zero days since a lost time accident in the afternoon.
Yeah.
So, anyway, this is the sort of townhouse you could buy on a professor's salary back
in the day.
Horta had done another townhouse back before this, which he sort of tried to put some
of these stylistic influences onto, but it was designed much more conventionally.
This townhouse was built essentially as like two buildings.
There was one in the front and one in the back, and they were joined by a big glass atrium,
which you could do because it was 1892.
You know, and that's where this big staircase is, right?
You know, and this, you know, means every room has a bunch of light.
It means you can do this big, fun staircase, which is where you see a lot of the, you know,
the work of the architect here designing these, you know, whiplashes back here.
You have these fancy railings.
You have, you know, these columns that sort of go into these curvy strips of metal.
But the other thing you can see is a lot of this stuff, as much as it looks complex and
difficult, these are simple, like, iron bars, right?
Yeah.
These are, they're just like bent in a particular way, and you need machine production to make
these happen.
These are not like, they're bespoke, but they're not like, I guess, crafted in a way that rejects
machinery as a concept, right?
Sure.
William Morris hasn't been through here wearing his, like, surf hat and hammering each
of these out individually.
I'm mostly just sad that I will never get to live in this house.
Unless things get very strange in society.
Also, we could sell out to Spotify.
Oh no, they don't have any employees anymore.
No, we can't.
Yeah, they don't have any employees anymore, and they're not doing the sort of deals anymore,
because money isn't free anymore.
So, no, we couldn't sell out to Spotify.
Yeah.
So, also, we're not Harry and Meghan, so if we sell out to Spotify and then we don't
deliver a bonus episode in three months, they bomb collar us.
Holy shot, yeah.
So, Victor Horta, and when I talk about the architect in this episode the whole way through,
you gotta remember, it also involves the architect and their office, right?
Yeah, for sure.
You know, but Victor Horta designs everything in this building.
The railings, the columns, the doors, the door hardware, the wallpaper, the furniture,
the floor tiling, every little flourish and ornament is bespoke, is the work of the architect
and his office.
The word for this in German is the GZAMKUNSTVERK.
Close enough.
Close enough.
Yeah.
Good enough.
Yeah.
Which is a total work of art.
Mm-hmm.
Those Germans, they love total things, don't they?
Yeah.
Exactly.
Yeah.
You know what else they like?
Losing.
Yeah.
Yeah, well.
Another thing we do have to talk about is, you know, a lot of these architects are very
prolific.
They design not just the small buildings with the big ones as well, but they don't survive
as well, a lot of the times.
Mm.
Because these buildings became deeply unfashionable very quickly.
This is a shame.
I like this one.
Yeah.
This is a department store.
I forget, well, I would assume it's Grand Bazaar because it says up there.
What did you put your...
I was gonna say.
It's up, it's in Brussels again.
This is also by Victor Horta.
Again, he was cooking.
I love it when window curvy.
Yes.
I just know it's in that verdigris color again, so, you know.
Yeah.
Probably look real good.
Yeah.
There's another guy in Brussels.
Paul Hanker.
This is really good.
This one grabs me too.
Yeah, so we've got, um, we've got a...
Crap.
Did I put down a...
Okay, so we've got the Hotel Albert Chamberlain.
It sounds Italian for Chamberlain, I guess?
Yeah, that sounds about right.
It's a bunch of European words I don't understand.
Yeah.
Yeah, so this is in Brussels.
You can see some of the merging of...
Because, again, this is a holistic architectural movement.
You see the merging of the graphic design with the architecture, right?
Mm-hmm.
This is a technique known as Scraffito, right?
Ooh.
And Scraffito is when you put multiple layers of colored plaster onto a surface,
in this case a building, and then you scrape it away to create a design.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, this is also where we get the term graffiti from, even though it's a completely different technique.
Um...
Technically, this is like Banksy.
Yeah, exactly.
This is Banksy before Banksy.
Mm-hmm.
You know, you get these very highly decorated Scraffitos on these buildings,
because, again, you know, the graphic design is as important as the architecture.
This is...
These are...
I don't know.
You gotta do everything.
Sure.
Right?
For sure.
So, um, we'll make a hard turn from the Belgians to the Austrians.
Ooh, this is a wedding cake!
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is literally like Sticker Bride and Grom on top of it.
Yeah.
This is the Viennese Secession, you know, the Belgians are experimenting with curves,
the Austrians are diving headfirst into squares.
Is this why they invented my favourite sofa design of all time?
The, like, quadratic sofa.
Um...
Oh, I don't know that one.
It's Yosef Hoffman's Kubus sofa.
It's like, just square leather, like, pockets.
Um, I'm not sure how... yeah, design 1910.
So, quite possibly.
That would be at the tail end of the movement, yeah.
Yeah.
Alright, well, these guys invented the best sofa ever designed.
The other than black leather, it looks like, uh, I don't know, great.
Fantastic.
Flash one up on screen, maybe.
So, this is an interesting one, because we were just talking about the ghost ship, right?
Mm, yeah.
And meanwhile, we have this Viennese Secession, all these artists are like, fuck the academy,
I don't give a shit.
We're gonna do our own academy with blackjack and hookers.
Yeah.
And they instantly are, like, able to say, we are going to build our own secession hall,
where we can exhibit and sell our art.
Right?
Yeah.
You know, because you could just, as avant-garde artists back then, pool your money and put
up a real building.
Yeah, it cost like six dollars.
Yeah, I mean, essentially.
Yeah, something that is like, you know, as much as you look at it at the first glance,
it looks fairly plain.
There's a lot of, like, fine detail in the gilding here.
Mm.
And of course, the big weird sphere on top.
And this is a lot more hostile to its environment.
Because the Belgian stuff, like, that defies Belgian convention, whereas this defies so much
Viennese convention of, like, everything has to be super, super ornamented in a big statue
of a woman with her titties out on the top.
Yeah, exactly.
Or, you know, you have to have some kind of, like, horrible, like, Prussian neoclassicism,
or, you know, something that's like, ah, this is... and this is like, we're making a weird
square with a weird sphere on top, and we're gonna show our weird art in here.
Right?
What's he building in there?
Ooh, weird stuff.
Mm.
Now, this is from Joseph Maria Ulbricht, right?
Austrians do love to be named Joseph Maria.
Yes.
You know, and so you have the gilded flowers, you have the three figures here, I forget,
I think they're called Gorgons.
Cool.
Um, yeah.
Um, you know, and this is where, this is like, this is the new house for art.
Um, and a few people get themselves put in to relatively high positions in the Viennese
government.
Among them is Otto Wagner.
Right?
Hmm.
Curves are back.
Yeah, curves are back.
Oh, but he's gonna get rid of the curves pretty soon.
Oh, goddammit.
Yeah.
So, Otto Wagner has this massive effect on the development of Vienna, because he's not,
like, he's part of the secession movement, but first and foremost, he's an urban planner,
right?
Uh, those guys cannot be trusted.
Ah, yeah, you gotta watch out for them.
Um.
He leads the effort to channelize the Wienn River, and Wienn is, um, Austrian for Vienna.
That's true.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he's, you know, he's gonna channelize that to stop the periodic flooding and the cholera
it brings, right?
In order to also, to do that, and then to build the Vienna U-Bahn along the course of the
river, and then also design all the stations and headhouses along the U-Bahn.
This is the Karlsplatz station, which is his.
We're gonna make the city of Gesamtkunstwerk.
Yes, exactly.
And this also involved building a large grand boulevard along the Wienn River.
Rebelling against the Beaux-Arts, and you accidentally become housemen.
No, here's the problem.
It was immediately lined by these horrible historicist buildings that Otto Wagner hated.
But he was only doing municipal architecture, so finally, uh, through sheer force of will,
he gets himself a commission to build two of his own.
Um, which I don't have a good picture of the second of.
I realize that's, eh, whatever.
Uh.
Whoa!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
Yes.
The, uh, the, uh, Lincoln Wiesenseil building.
I-
Wienseilr.
Wienseilr.
Yes.
Right?
The Linka Wienseilr buildings.
Yeah.
Um, yeah, I mean, that's incredible to be like, listen, you want color, you tacky fucks?
Well-
Oh, hey!
Have I got the polychromatic facade for you?
Yeah.
I just built, uh, you know, the Beatles yellow submarine.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Eye of the Walrus, cuckoo.
In this sort of, like, dying empire, where you're like, everything should be white and
gold, and should look like, you know, a more elaborate kind of wedding cake.
Well, that's the thing, he does a white and gold building adjacent to it as well.
Which is also sort of in the same modernist, or in the same style that's very different
from the historicist buildings adjacent to it.
Hmm.
It's like guerrilla warfare, you know?
Yeah.
As far as fighting on the conditions that you find yourself in.
But in this case, he goes, he goes all out with color on them, it's covered in this glazed
earthenware tile, which is, you know, dyed for these incredible, um, I don't even know
if you call him Trump loyal, it's something that's a little bit more, you know, you're not
trying to imitate-
Trump loyal.
Yeah.
You're not trying to imitate ornament, you're trying to just, it's a bunch of color, man,
I don't give a shit.
Yeah.
Make it look fast.
You have a few large physical ornaments at the top, and the idea is, this is the building
of the future, right?
Oh yeah.
Because it's all this glazed tile, you know, these old buildings, especially, you know,
you're living in an era where there's lots of smoke and soot everywhere, you gotta clean
buildings fairly frequently.
This is all glazed tile, you can clean it with a fire hose from the street.
Hmm.
Um, but you still have, you know, the Art Nouveau aesthetic and, you know, the practicalities,
this is the stairwell inside, you got these bespoke railings, and bespoke elevator.
Ooh.
Yeah.
That's lovely, actually.
Yes.
The thing is, that's very, very, like,
extra, you know?
Yes.
It's something that you would see, like, this design, this motif, in black, would
be in the fucking, like, imperial burial crypt, and instead this is the thing that you use
to get up to your apartment.
Yes.
You know what it is?
It's witty.
And like, subversive.
Yeah, it's a weird building.
There's a reason I like these buildings.
Um, now, the Vienna Secession, I think, uh, if you're looking for, like, a track that
leads to modernism, the international style, I think this is the most direct route.
Um, you can sort of see, this is the Austrian Postal Savings Bank, also by Otto Wagner.
Wagner, excuse me.
Um, you know, the forms are relatively conservative, but you also have, you know, this highly decorated
tile that a lot of the building is built in.
This is, like, malicious compliance.
This is like someone who sat him down and been like, listen, no bullshit, right?
We want a building that looks Viennese.
It's gotta have the statues on the top.
Um, it's gotta have this, like, form at street level, and he's gone, gotcha, I'll do that.
Oh, I gotcha.
Fuck you.
Yeah, and then sort of like, fuck you.
I'll make the most neoclassical thing you've ever seen you want in pizza shit.
In between, like, unmarked on the plans, is all of this weird textural bullshit, just
to like, trip up any latent, like, trypophobics in the Austrian population.
No one even notices until it's finished.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, Viennese secession, that's another aspect of this.
But a lot of this is like, subversive architecture, but unfortunately, something happens.
Which is... the Paris Exposition of 1900.
I thought you were gonna say the First World War.
I also was like, alright, we're gonna have some sort of outbreak, I don't...
Oh, wow.
You have all these interesting styles, now we are gonna give it to the French.
The French.
The French.
And we will go back in time a bit for this one.
So, the 1900, the Exposition was Universelle, whatever, again, there's a lot of French that's
about to happen.
Close enough.
Yeah, so this is...
Hey, for a surprise.
This is not the one where they built the Eiffel Tower, that was like 10 years prior,
or 20 years prior, I forget which.
Mm-hmm.
This was the newer one, but there were a lot of weird stuff in this exposition.
Like, um...
The Rue de Avenir.
Yeah, the Future Street.
The Street of the Future.
No, it's the Street of the Future.
Here's how this thing worked.
Now you're looking at the sidewalk, you'll notice that there's a step in the middle, right?
Sure.
This was the world's first moving walkway.
No shit.
Okay.
Yeah.
We are all gonna be on, like, travel-ators in the future.
It ran at three speeds.
The outermost speed was zero kilometers an hour.
This one was like eight kilometers an hour.
This was like 17 kilometers an hour.
Jesus!
Okay.
You know what, maybe they should've done this.
It would've been funny, at least.
The whole system ran around the fairgrounds.
Just like, clinging on for dear life as you were trying to sport it.
Where is that?
Like, Usain Bolt's speeds.
Just...
I don't know if those numbers are right, I just remember I had to find out.
The problem is, because it was like, okay, there's a Wikipedia article that's not very
good on it, and I know for a fact there's a book on my bookshelf that has the actual numbers,
but I can't be asked to open it up and figure out where that is.
I'm saluting right now.
I understand the struggle completely.
The innermost sidewalk was very fast, though.
I do know that.
Yeah, like, too much.
Yeah, it was too much.
It is much faster than any modern moving walkway, because this was the first one ever built.
Just, your first experience on one of these things, and it just like whips you off your
feet instantly.
Throws you right off the side.
Yeah.
I would say the exposition in 1900, underrated exposition for the weird stuff it had.
It had the world's largest refracting telescope ever built, and the company that built it
instantly went bankrupt after the fair, because it was stupid.
So I'm adding...
The thing I value about this podcast, particularly the bonus episodes, is I come out of them frequently
with lists of times and places I would go with a time machine, right?
This is one of them.
It's like the start of this walkway when it first opened.
So the exposition in 1900, you really saw Art Nouveau go mainstream in a big way.
Now, this is interesting, because this is also...
The statue guys don't post pictures of this one.
No.
Too weird for them.
It's too weird.
This is part of the start of the Belle Epoch architectural style, sort of the good times
between leading up to World War I, where everything got really bad real quick.
Yeah, that was...
So Nate and I had a plan for a while, we may yet pick up on this, to do a podcast about
the Belle Epoch, because of how fucking weird it was.
There is no sh- the stuff that they invent- like, the department store, for example.
Yes.
Just like, oh, we invented shopping, while you weren't looking.
While you were looking at all the guys who were getting thrown off the travelator.
We invented the concept of consumerism.
Yeah, so there was this weird main gateway to the exposition here.
I believe this is the Palace of Optics?
Because I forgot to write notes here.
Yeah, this is the place that...
What the fuck is this?
The place that the modern left refuses to go to.
Oh, Jesus.
This is, uh, Garrett Dorsey here, which is the main train station to get to the exposition,
later inspired Penn Station in New York City, although of course, McKim Mead of White had
no creativity.
So, you know, that was boring Beaux-Arts bullshit.
Mm-hmm.
You know, um, you had these- these- you start to have this unholy combination of Art Nouveau,
but it's combined with the influence and the scale of the Academy of the Ecole de Beaux-Arts,
right?
In Paris, at least.
Um, because a lot of this- this is the- the Parisian, you know, Paris is where this happens
in a big scale.
Mm.
Um, and this happens for about a decade and a half after the fair.
Um, you have this stuff like this is the Palace of Electricity.
Fantastic name.
Yes.
Also- also at the fair.
Also, I- again, the statue guys don't talk about this one.
Yeah.
It looks more like AI than, uh, than some of the others we've seen.
Because it's got so many, like, extra strange curves on it, you know?
Yeah.
It- you see this stuff getting weird.
You see the weird screens.
You see the weird, um, you know, everything.
Instead of- you have this whole, like, vaguely neoclassical framing of a horrible grotto,
and then this massive fountain in front.
Mm.
And then it's like, come in here and look at light bulbs.
Ooh!
You know what?
Don't mind if I do.
Yeah.
Sure.
Why not?
Yeah.
So, uh, the exposition, uh, most of the buildings, like all the other world's fairs,
they were made of plaster.
Um, you know, uh, uh, the statue guys, you couldn't have had those again, because they
all fell apart instantly if they hadn't been demolished.
Um, a couple of them did survive.
We'll talk about one of them in the next slide, but this has enough influence that in-
in Paris, in metropolitan France, which is, you know, uh, this is-
this becomes almost a prevailing style for a bit, and it happens even in really big buildings,
right?
Become the establishment, you know?
Yeah.
So this is, uh, I think the original headquarters for the Société Générale?
Sure?
Yeah.
What up?
I don't know what the- there's some financial firm.
Sure, okay.
Yeah, this guy here.
We- we love glazing.
Yes.
Um, you know, you have all this iron work, you have all the- the weird stuff.
Um, you have the gallery, Lafayette.
Shopping!
We invented shopping!
We have shopping now, you can do shopping.
Check it out, here is a new palace of buying yourself shit.
Yeah, you can buy stuff.
I mean, right now, I'm sure there's like, I don't know, it's- when it was built, it was
a department store, but now you go to a department store, it's just- clothing.
Clotheses?
Yeah.
Sometimes.
No, they got rid of Sears.
Uh.
Sears was the last place you could buy multiple things at.
It's like, literally, it's clothing and cosmetics.
Like, this is-
It's not a target, motherfucker.
Yeah, the department store is sort of like a dying form now.
Yeah.
Another casualty of the loss of the Belle Epoque, you know?
Yeah, we got no- got no department stores, and we got no rooms.
We got no hope, no change.
We lost rooms!
We got rid of rooms, and then we got rid of departments.
We live in Aristide Boussico's nightmare, you know?
Boussico.
Um.
This is just- this building is just the Grand Palace, right?
There's both of these.
It's got a boring neoclassical interior- exterior, but it's got an Art Nouveau interior, and this
is one of the buildings that was built for the exposition that was built permanently and
survives.
We don't do expositions anymore, right?
We don't exposit.
No, we do them.
We don't run by petrodollar.
Oh, sick.
Yeah, you gotta do it in the middle of- you gotta do it in Saudi Arabia.
The last time there was a normal one was in Knoxville.
The Sunsphere!
Yeah.
Back in the day, right, an exposition used to be a place where you could look at
a building made entirely out of glass, see some light bulbs, assassinate the President
of the United States- you could do all time- no!
Legit- a President was assassinated at the-
I know!
Okay, fine, listen, if you don't want to respect Leon Chogos for doing propaganda of the deed,
we can cut that.
Um.
But-
The one anarchist would follow through.
Yeah.
Oh, oh, oh, bull-heel.
I'm gonna sit here and be the anarchiddy and do revolution for my keyboard.
Mm-hmm.
A fair few of these buildings are, as we mentioned earlier, mullets.
You know, neoclassical or Houseman on the outside, and Art Nouveau on the inside.
Sort of stealth-weirdness.
Yeah, on slide 22.
You gotta go inside for it to be weird.
You gotta go inside for it to be weird.
Yeah.
Um.
Now, one person who was not a standout at the time, but who is now, during this era in Paris,
was Hector Guimard.
Ooh, the Metro!
The Metro.
The Metro entrances.
Yeah.
These, again, these pop off.
Like, I remember seeing these when I was a little kid in Paris for the first time.
Oh, this is a magnificent.
And being like, these are so weird.
These, like-
You think they're, like, fake.
Yeah.
You think they're, like, something made up.
Who would do something like this?
This is what you experienced in 1800.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Exactly.
Right.
Yeah.
So these were built for the exposition, and there were,
I think, damn near 100 of them in Paris, and most of them got demolished.
Um, so Hector Guimard was kind of obscure, even in his time, much of the 20th century.
He was revived by Metro nerds, of course.
Of course.
He studied at the Haït École des Beaux-Arts, eventually rejected its boring teachings.
Um, and he-
Look at the color gradient on the letters on that sign.
Oh, yeah.
You know, all this stuff was, like, difficult to do back then, too.
You know?
Now you can just print that out with a printer.
Back then you had to do a whole bunch of bullshit.
I don't know what it is.
It's like a wash or something you'd have to do, right?
Yeah.
Like...
You did a few buildings as well.
Um...
The French Art Nouveau is some of the best, I think.
I just- There's a particular role in, like, Metro systems that allows the flourishing of,
like, a really aesthetic kind of autism.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, you look at, like, the Metro systems that really let people's ideas go from wild,
I mean, Montreal comes to mind, honestly.
I think about, like, Frank Pick, and, like, the visual language of the tube, the London
Underground.
Yeah.
This is, like, again, where it's just like, I don't know, you have a chance to really
imprint something on a city.
Yes.
Millions and billions of people gotta use it every- well, millions of people, not billions.
We haven't got there yet.
The Chinese will figure it out.
Shanghai is gonna have a billion people a day.
A one billion person day, yeah.
And what is the visual language of the, like, Shanghai Metro, you know?
Boring.
Exactly.
This is the thing.
It should be weirder.
Yeah, you gotta get weird with it.
So, um...
Surely, in Shanghai, they have people with autism.
Yeah, Gimard has an interesting visual language.
I mean, it's sort of the, uh, you know, you got the weird, the bent angles of steel, you
got sort of the, you know, asymmetric buildings.
Mm-hmm.
You got the curved windows, you got the stained glass.
Um...
I like this one right here a lot.
This is, uh, Maison Colliette...
Colliot...
I don't know.
Oh, that's really difficult to fucking pronounce.
Uh, Quai-Yoh?
If I had to guess?
Quai-Yoh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, this is fun, and I like it a lot.
Um, a lot of Gimard's buildings were demolished within his lifetime.
Aw.
He's like one of the guys who sort of went mad, which we'll talk about later.
Oh, that's insulting.
Yeah.
Which we'll talk about later, as if we didn't spend 25 minutes on the Peacock Room.
I'll just note that I find this kind of verdigris shade.
Green is my favorite color, this is one of my favorite shades of green.
Uh, for my money, one of the best colors going.
Gotta be one of the best.
I like the, you know, you got the weird wooden thing, but you also got a weird column in the
middle, and then you got a, like a window that looks like an eye, and then a door that's
falling.
This is great.
You've dumped like a Swiss mountain chalet in the middle of Paris.
Yeah.
That's a very fun house the way I like.
I mean, quite literally dumped, it sort of fell over halfway.
Yeah.
It's sort of a melty Swiss mountain chalet that's been anchored in, like a tooth with
a filling with a bunch of wrought iron, you know?
Yes.
Fantastic.
So, uh, Guimard, again, he sort of gets revived over time, it wasn't rediscovered
until fairly recently, but now his metro entrances have been sort of reproduced, not just in Paris,
where they built a lot of new ones, but around the world, um, you know, people just, you know,
there's one entrance to your metro station, that's this Hector Guimard, uh, the metro entrance.
And also, I think it's fun that the lights look like a horrible alien viper that might
murder you.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's really cool, actually.
They're kind of like branch forms, but like, you know, evil.
I really appreciate it.
Yeah, they look menacing.
It's great.
Yeah.
More weird architecture, you know?
Do not use AI to do this.
That's menacing in a different way.
This is very Parisian right here, because we're trying to have a descriptive photo of
the structure, but despite that, we have shirtless man lounging on the balcony.
He's living his best life.
Okay.
Yeah, our other guy here, um, we'll talk about in Paris.
Do you want me to...?
Yeah, please do.
I'll do my best, I apologize.
My reach exceeds my grasp on some of these.
Jules Amé L'Avirot, who is the other, other Parisian Art Nouveau guy.
Yeah.
And so this is what is called the L'Avirot building.
This is built in 1899.
This is sort of a situation where it's like, okay, how many types of window do you want?
All of them.
You know?
All of them.
All of them to match.
I really like this.
I find it deeply confusing to look at.
It looks like an insect with too many eyes, particularly that front door.
Yeah.
You got the asymmetry.
You have all... yeah, the door looks like a horrible alien that's gonna murder you, which
is great.
This is all done in this glazed tiling by Alexander Bijoux.
Bijoux, yeah.
Yeah, okay.
You know, this is presumably not as easy to clean as Otto Wagner's tiles.
You know, the fun part about this building is you are building in Paris, you are building
a normal apartment building in Paris.
So this just barely conforms to Hausmann's regulations.
Malicious compliance again!
Yeah, on a technicality, right?
Yeah.
It's like, listen, it's got the, like, tin roof, or whatever.
Yeah.
It's got the requisite number of floors, it's got a divider in.
It's got the balconies at the appropriate heights, yeah.
Okay.
You can't do shit to me.
You wanna come at me, bro?
I fulfilled all your requirements and more, I got extra balconies.
This is the wrongest way you can do it on purpose that's still, like, up to code,
you know?
Fantastic.
The other thing I think is interesting, you can sort of see some of the mechanization
here, is this is the entryway around the door, the actual structural hole around the
door, you can see that this, despite the heavy ornament, you can see the seams in the stone,
it is an extremely conventional flat arch.
Yeah.
So my thinking about this is that architecture is a form, right?
If you're sort of rebelling while trying to stay within convention and parodying the convention
and being subversive, you're immune to something that you get when you try and do this in other
forms of art.
That's the thing that you do if you try and do this in painting or sculpture or literature,
right?
Which is, nobody is walking up to this building and saying, I could do that, right?
Nobody, because you don't have, because it's such a technical field, or at least the technical
sort of aspects of it are so illegible to people relative to, you know, people design way fewer
buildings than they write things or draw things.
Then people won't go, oh, this has no technical ability attached to it whatsoever.
Yeah, exactly.
You can't be the guy who walks up to a Jackson Pollock painting, so I spilled a paint can
in my garage once.
Yeah, exactly.
Instead of thinking that this is the painting version of this.
Yeah, technically it's a painting.
It complies with the rules of what a painting is, maliciously.
Yeah.
No, you can't do that with an apartment building.
At least not as easily.
Yeah.
So this is one of the more heavily ornamented buildings of this guy.
He also did some a little bit more conventional ones.
This is the Institutus Statale Italiano Leonardo da Vinci, the Italian school in Paris.
It's kind of subtle, but you also...
I put my wide-angle lens on, you know, I've got a slight fisheye effect going on.
Yeah, and unfortunately I don't know very much about Italian Art Nouveau, or I would've
thrown more of that in there.
The most I know is I took a picture of one of the buildings in Florence.
I love those window panes on the top floor.
Yeah, the dormers up here are great, especially that the last one is just different.
It's like, nah, that one's different.
Why fuck you?
I don't give a shit.
Because I wanted it to be.
Yeah.
If you look, in fact, every single one of them is slightly different.
Like the divisions of different widths on the three in the middle.
They're all different.
It's great.
It's fantastic.
It's just like, I'm gonna cause problems for the building.
Yeah, on purpose.
Alright, I'm gonna take one second and use the restroom, because we're almost at
two hours.
It's fine.
We'll fill time.
How you feeling, buddy?
Oh, I've accepted my fate at this point.
I'm just, honestly, I'm so happy to be doing this, because I missed you guys.
I missed you too, this is a lot of fun, I'm learning a lot through Rosmosis.
Yeah, genuinely.
This is not a thing I know too much about, so I'm happy to be here.
Oh, me either.
I'm 100% bullshitting my way through this with stuff I half remember.
Oh, attagirl.
Yeah.
And I mean, that's fun though too, because, okay, so long as I'm doing this, I'm gonna
get people in the comments who correctly call me on not knowing shit and pretending I do,
and being like, actually you don't know how to pronounce that, and actually your grammar
in this foreign language isn't correct, and so on.
I get to make interesting connections, and some of them hit.
And this is fun.
Podcasting has kind of turned me into a bit of a bullshit artist in that way, but it's
made me a very fluent one.
And I think that's been great, to be honest.
No regrets.
Really part of it is that we have to digest so much information for these, that we sort
of half remember things about it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's how I, you know, when we do research.
You're accidentally becoming a bit of a savant.
Right.
Like, in your daily life, something comes up and you go, oh, that's the thing from the
episode that I did, like, you know, a year and a half.
That has happened to me.
Yeah.
I mean, it sort of swings and roundabouts, right, because on the one hand, it gives me
all of these things, and it's very lucrative financially, which, thank you, again, to the
patrons.
On the other hand, it does mean that I can't go on an airplane, because I think that the wings
are going to fall off.
They probably will.
Yeah, maybe.
I don't know.
I mean, statistically, that seems right to me.
The thing that always fucks me on this one is that I don't know about, like, sort of,
a deterministic universe or, like, fate and probability and stuff, but I do know that things
regularly happen that are funny.
That is true.
And, engineering disaster podcaster dying in plane crash is funny.
Engineering disaster podcaster dying in a plane crash the first time she flies to get
over her fear of flying is really funny.
That's poetic.
I'm sure I've said this on podcasts before, but, like, you have to imagine, on every plane
crash, statistically, there's someone who is, like, on that flight to get over their fear
of flying and is like, nothing's gonna happen, everything's gonna be fine, and then when they
realize something is happening, they get to be like, I fucking knew it, and experience ultimate
nirvana before they plow into the side of a mountain.
This is what goes through my head when I think about booking plane tickets somewhere, and it's
why I don't do it.
That would be pretty funny, though.
Yeah, it'd be really funny.
Back, by the way.
I'm back.
Yeah.
Um.
Alright.
You wanna go to America?
Yeah, well, yes, I do, but again, with the plane tickets.
We're going to America.
This is much easier, this one.
I'm gonna have to stand up again.
Louis Sullivan.
I've heard of this guy.
Yeah.
So, sometimes he's not included in the Art Nouveau tradition, and I think there's reasons
for that, mostly because a lot of his work sort of came before the movement started
as a whole, but he's relevant here, right?
So, we have talked about Louis Sullivan briefly before.
He learned the trade of architecture in the offices of none other than our boy Frank Furness,
who, I believe, blew up at him when he tried to get a job as a draftsman and mentioned that
he had been educated at MIT.
Yeah, yeah, I remember this from the Furness episode.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Frank does not respect academics.
You should.
So, Louis Sullivan is most commonly credited as the person who said, forms follows function.
Mm-hmm.
Even though VLA LeDuc said that.
It doesn't matter.
It's LeDuc all the way down.
Mm-hmm.
You don't get a choice on how you're remembered, I'm afraid.
Yeah.
So, Louis Sullivan, you know, he works in the offices of Furness Evans & Company for a while.
He's laid off because there's a panic, because the economy didn't work in America until we-
He sees a bunch of guys in the street outside in Furness, and is like, well, economy's over,
boys, you're all fired.
Mm.
Yes.
Um, Sullivan, like a few of our heroes today, went to the École des Beaux-Zars briefly, and
learned the rules, and immediately was like, this is bullshit, and left.
The École des Beaux-Zars was rapidly losing the plot towards the end of the 19th century.
We love to see it.
They were producing a lot of folks who said, this is a load of crap.
In the sort of, like, French hit the bunker.
That's not what we wanted at all.
Right.
So, he joined an architecture firm, I forget the guy's first name, Alder, became partner
within like a year.
The firm was at that point, Alder and Sullivan, right?
Alder talked to the clients and did the engineering.
Sullivan did the design and ornament, right?
Sure.
They started with theaters, they did theaters with attached office buildings, then they did
office buildings.
Um, so, this is the Wainwright-
Sort of a reverse, how do you get to Carnegie Hall joke.
Yes.
How do you get away from Carnegie Hall?
The big building they did in Chicago was the Auditorium building.
So named, it was an auditorium, but it had an attached office block.
And doing Charles Foster Kane's Opera House.
So, look at a few.
This is the Wainwright building here.
Uh, you can see, it looks like a conventional high-rise building.
Uh, this is 1891.
Uh, Sullivan's figuring out here how the tall buildings should be artistically considered.
Right?
These are very different from like the Art Nouveau buildings of Europe.
These are taller, they're bigger, they're more commercial.
Cause it's America, right?
That's right.
Freedom.
Freedom.
Yeah.
One of his big ones, one of his big ones, probably one of his best ones, of which no trace
survives, is the transportation building at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition.
Oh, look at the socket bit.
Right?
Expositions!
Which, again, the statue guys don't talk about this one.
Yeah.
No.
You know.
It's the same thing.
The statue should be painted, it should be gaudy as fuck.
Yeah, it should have so many colors, it should be weird.
Bonkers.
It should be bonkers.
I like the 20 foot tall American flag on the top as well.
It's America, yeah.
Well, they have a smaller one next to it, just in case.
In case you forget.
Here is My Nation's Flag, and here is a second copy of My Nation's Flag, in case you forget,
and accidentally dump that flag in the trash.
This is my real flag.
This is my toy flag.
My toy flag.
So, the transportation building is...
Alright, so, the 1893 Columbian Exposition, that's the White City, right?
That's the Bozar, planned by Daniel Burnham, distinguished architect.
This one is the checkered out.
Yep.
Yeah.
Here's what it would be like if the Egyptians were gay and had access to gothic architecture.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's doing...
He's like, fuck off.
I don't give a shit about your white nitty.
We're gonna use as many colors as possible.
And there's like...
There's...
I guess there's reference to historicism.
In particular, the way this arch is formed is like a reference to early Romanesque churches,
like before we had come up with the pointed arch.
Mm-hmm.
But this is just such a sharp contrast to anything contemporary, especially anything that the
white city was supposed to represent.
Which is, you know, really this return with a V to tradition, which has grown to poison our
civilization since then.
Yeah.
So, I...
This is a big one.
I guess we might talk a little bit more about this.
I think sort of in the same tradition, I...
In the very second slide of this, I showed the arts and industries building, which is
also sort of in this tradition.
Although I forget the architect offhand.
It's not Louis Sullivan.
The other one here, which is relevant, where there's a bus blocking some of the most relevant
portions.
Are we doing the goddamn goth target?
It's the goth target.
Yes.
The goth target.
Yeah.
It's the Carson Perry's Scott & Company store from 1904, known infamously on TikTok as the
goth target.
You don't even have TikTok downloaded.
No, but I see the videos on Twitter.
Ah.
TikTok makes its way into your life anyway.
Ah.
Ah.
Yeah.
Ah.
And a lot of the details on these buildings aren't too visible from a distance, eventually,
these...
Shitty picture we have.
Once again, I'm saying the words Charles Foster Kane, particularly on the bottom right
there.
Yeah.
So, you know, these types of embellishment become known as Sullivan-esques.
Mm.
So, here's like the cornice on the wain ride.
Here's the goth target.
Here's the entrance to the Chicago Stock Exchange building since demolished.
And here is... and this is very unfortunate, because all the photos are black and white.
The transportation building.
Ah.
Imagine the colors on this.
Absolute riot of color that does not show up in black and white at all.
It's unfortunate.
Yeah.
Um.
And...
Sullivan sort of ends his career with the various jewel box banks.
I feel so smart for having referenced these earlier.
I quite like these.
Obviously, they're fun.
So, Sullivan gets stuck with these small commissions after 1894 because his firm broke up, right?
Yeah, I'll do.
A sort of small town bank.
Gonna make it weird as hell, though.
Yeah.
You know, Sullivan was very talented at design, at least getting his draftsman to do designs,
but not talented at talking to people.
Which is how you end up with the bottom left, sort of, Moorish bank targeting you with a space
laser.
Yes.
.
So, what Sullivan does over the next 30 years is he slowly goes mad.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, he loses his wife.
Eventually, the only guy who will talk to him anymore is his protege, Frank Lloyd Wright.
Aww.
And he dies angry and bittered and alcoholic in 1924, still cursing Daniel Burnham's World's
Columbian Exhibition for dragging American architecture 50 years back into academic neoclassicism.
And he was right to do it!
He was right!
He was right!
The fucking, you know, the establishment, they dragged him down, they destroyed him because
they feared his power.
Yeah.
But in the later years of his life, he gets these jewel box space commissions, this is...
You know what it is, right?
Well...
Americans stop being into conspiracies and secret societies, right?
And when you lost that Masonic shit, back to the Masons here, then you were like, I don't
even need weird architecture to instill enlightenment values in me, and everything can be boring and
neoclassical.
Oh, God, yeah.
I keep going backwards.
Anyway.
This is where we tell the listeners to join the Masons.
Yeah, so this is like, this is where...
Scottish Rite.
Scottish Rite.
...you get some of the best architecture in the nation happening in the most obscure
places.
So, here is the People's Federal Savings and Loan Association in Sydney, Ohio.
Thrift.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, you go through all that care to make that mosaic for this tiny little town
that's never had a building more than three stories tall.
You have the National Farmers Bank of Awatana, Minnesota.
Tiny train station.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You have the Merchants National Bank in Grinnell, Iowa.
Focusing the space laser on you, yes.
Yes.
And you have the Farmers and Merchants Union Bank in Columbus, Wisconsin.
It's pure furnace, this one.
Yeah, that one actually, yeah.
I mean, you know, you can see the work of the master there.
Although, Frank Lloyd Wright referred to Sullivan as his master, which is interesting.
Sort of like the Sith, you know?
This is the start of the Frank and Louis cycle of American architecture.
Yes.
Frank Furness, Louis Sullivan, Frank Lloyd Wright, Louis Kahn, Frank Gary, and we're
waiting for a Louis right now.
Right.
To gain the mandate of heaven.
Yes, exactly.
Louis Sullivan is, of course-
Who's flying buttresses?
Not flying buttresses, just regular buttresses.
Regular buttresses, yeah.
Look at those non-flying buttresses.
Grounded buttresses.
Yeah.
Louis Sullivan is immortalized in Ayn Rand's The Fountainhead.
Boo!
As Henry Cameron, an architect who looks a lot like Sullivan, as described, and who
also dies angry and embittered, and alcoholic, after some schmuck ruins architecture with a
World's Fair.
Boo amongst us.
You know, that's a subtle illusion, which is what Ayn Rand is good at.
That's right, yeah.
Yeah.
So a lot of Sullivan's work is sort of pre-the Art Nouveau era, or like, it sort of happens
in absence, although, again, there is obviously influence from Vilae Le Duc.
We should at least talk briefly about Frank Lloyd Wright, I guess.
He's fine, I think.
Fine, whatever.
I don't have a lot of strong feelings about him.
Like...
Well, I feel like he's too venerated.
I don't know what the academic term for stan culture is, again.
But I feel like there's...
You're saying he's like American Charles Ronny Macintosh.
Yeah.
There's...
The easy answer.
There's too much.
I mean, the guy had a cult of personality around him when he was alive.
He's unlike a lot of sort of people in the Art Nouveau era, because he had a period of
his career that was during, like, you know, 1892 through 1915.
But then he got it together again in, like, 1939.
Right?
Which not a lot of people managed.
And, like, that's the Falling Water stuff that everyone likes.
Yeah, Falling Water.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Falling Water.
You know, he does Falling Water, and then he's like the greatest American architect of
all time.
I think the older stuff is more interesting.
I mean, you know, the stained glass and the things like that.
I don't know.
Frank Lloyd Wright is, like, weird.
And I'm not, like, I'm not a scholar of Frank Lloyd Wright, obviously.
And there's a lot of people who are.
And I'm kind of like, I don't know that this is...
I don't know.
It's...
Yeah.
I don't know that the emphasis on him, especially in, like, formal architectural education is...
Worth it.
Yeah.
I...
There are people doing more interesting stuff.
Mm-hmm.
But he cannot compare to the veneration of our last guy we're gonna talk about.
Oh, boy.
Anthony Gowdy.
Not a fan?
Hey, Ruth Bader Ginsburg just died.
I mean, this would be the funniest second for another Supreme Court Justice to die.
Come on, Coddy Bear.
Come on, Coddy Bear.
I'm enjoying the kind of, like, sort of Catalan Tatooine vibe on the left here.
Yeah, so...
Gowdy is...
Gowdy is...
I mean...
Now go on, speak your truth, you know?
Yeah, please.
There's a word here I'm looking for, that I've been looking for through the entire podcast,
which is, what is an academic term for stand culture?
Let's just say stand culture.
This guy has been venerated, I think, a little more than he should have been, to the
point where he's the only guy on our list of guys we've talked about so far who is currently
up for canonization.
Yeah, I mean, you build a weird enough church, and then don't even finish it.
So, anyway, this is, you know, this is the guy...
Okay, so let's say you had a nice study abroad trip to Spain, this is the guy you come back
and talk about.
You know, this is...
Yeah, I saw this apartment building that looked like a bunch of naans stacked on top
of each other.
I saw a weird park, I saw, you know, so on and so forth, right?
Um, you know, Gowdy is born in 1852 in unknown location, he has poor health his whole life,
studied architecture in Barcelona while simultaneously working as a draftsman, because back then you
could work as an architectural draftsman to pay for your architecture school, because all
these people had access to so much resources we don't have now.
Everything was just cheaper back then.
I know there's like a lot of societal factors, you know, which...
I don't know.
People could just own buildings back then, it was fucking wild.
Yeah.
But now you have the internet, or at least you have the internet until two years,
until when AI's gonna destroy it.
Yeah, I don't know, until, yeah, they're gonna like forcibly replace all of us with AI,
and like give us residuals on Spotify or whatever.
And it's gonna look like Gowdy.
Yeah.
Generate, well there's your problem podcast.
Somebody, somebody I know did that to try to annoy me.
I gotta say, the AI saws and caught up to us, and where are the dick jokes?
Where are the dick jokes?
The thing about trying to capture our vibe is that AI hasn't, they haven't invented
the AI that can drink a large amount of light beer yet.
Light beer!
Oh, you think I'm drinking light beer?
Light beer!
I have a stereotype in my head of Americans that proves resistant to all evidence.
I just have Jameson.
I thought you'd be drinking Bud Light, because you're trans allies.
Nah, I'm drinking a Voodoo Ranger Imperial IPA.
Oh fuck!
Every time you say what you're drinking, it's like a stream of words that like...
Remember the beer episode that we had?
Hit me like a crowbar.
He's like, oh I...
Were you sort of like, yourself but British, you would be drinking something called Old
Reprehensible, right?
But like, instead, you live in a country with a benighted beer culture, and so you have to
drink something called Voodoo Ranger.
It's pretty good!
It's pretty good!
There was a nice, uh... there was a beer you could get relatively frequently a while back,
it was imported from Britain.
Old Munch oil?
It was like, yeah, Old Injun Oil!
Yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you can still get it down at Staline if you want to go.
It was like a stout, it was like 6%, it was like really good.
It got really expensive at some point.
I think they still have it at Staline if you want to go.
Ooh!
No, because if I go to Staline, I'm gonna buy Italian beers.
I know, but I'll make you buy both.
Yeah, well that makes sense.
So, Gowdy!
Buy me a Fitbit whiskey.
Just checking in on the alcoholism here.
It's fine.
It's a Friday.
It's probably mostly fine.
It's a Friday.
I got...
Dude, I...
It's fine.
It's fine so long as the release schedule is fine.
Is my contention.
I own...
Bom collar.
Bom collar.
Statistically, the release schedule has gotten worse as I have
been drinking less.
Well...
I mean...
Gowdy, just, can we fucking...
Let's just do this.
Anthony Gowdy.
Again.
Some of his early works are sort of Moorish and Gothic inspired.
You know, it's...
Once again, it's Vialeid Duke all the way down.
Yeah.
The Mont Tower.
The Catalonian Art Nouveau is called Modernisme.
Shut up.
Right?
The sort of very organic and personal style Gowdy develops goes further than that.
It's idiosyncratic, which is one way of saying that it sucks.
This is terrible.
Like, get told no once in your life.
Right.
You know that theory I have that everyone needs to get punched in the face at least once?
More than that happens to him.
Bless up.
So, I glossed over a lot of the early stuff, because I'm not a Gowdy scholar, I'm not like,
you know, I'm not infused with personal connections.
Yeah.
Bitesh talk for watching your goddamn lives.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
The building that looks like it has lice.
The building that looks like a sort of melted gingerbread house.
Yeah.
So we got Casa Milla here.
This is an apartment building, right?
This is all carved stone at great expense.
Very intricate iron railings, which you can sort of see here, I think, have questionable
practical value.
I don't know that...
I'm pretty sure if you fell over right about here, you would die.
You know, it's got weird ice creams on top.
You know.
All the windows are different, which I know that I'm like, I'm like saying all the same
things which are the case for the other buildings we've talked about, but here I'm doing it with
contempt.
Yeah.
You get beef with someone, and that's okay.
I mean, it's...
I don't know.
I don't like Gowdy that much.
Maybe it's because of, like, I liked Art Nouveau before it was cool.
Are you calling him a hipster?
Maybe.
No, because he went farther than anyone else did.
This is an older one.
This is the Casa Balto.
Batlo?
Batilo?
I don't know.
I don't fucking...
I don't speak Catalan.
This is a new facade on an existing building.
You can sort of hear it is lit up over here.
You know, again, these are very, very...
You take the organic shapes that Art Nouveau had and you take it to their logical extremes,
right?
Another one he does is the Parque Guéa?
Who, Guéa?
I died.
I died.
I died.
I don't speak Catalan.
Again, I'd never been to Barcelona.
I was going to go, but I applied for the trip too late.
You were overcome with contempt, you know?
No, I went to Rome instead.
Not bad.
Learn to have contempt for the Renaissance.
Especially the late Renaissance in Rome.
Now, if we go to Florence instead, that's where the good shit is.
Architecture peaked with Brunelleschi's dome.
It's all been downhill from there.
Anyway.
I think this is actually a point you've defended before.
It's fine.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, you know, this is...
This was sort of supposed to be the centerpiece for a sort of garden city in the English sense,
but in Barcelona, this park was going to be the centerpiece.
And it was a huge financial flop because one of 60 plots sold.
Oh.
Here's the center courtyard of the Casa Mille.
You know, this is...
You got the plants, you got everything in here.
But we gotta talk about the thing.
The thing.
The Sagrada Familia.
Yeah, the Sagrada Familia.
Whatever.
Gaudi gets this commission really early, back in 1883, another architect resigned from
the project because they had started...
This type of shit would never be allowed.
The church has been woke.
Oh, Vatican II ruined like Sagrada Familia.
This is like a sort of Vatican I ruined shit.
I know.
I had to stand up again.
Oh, I'm so old.
We're almost done.
No, we're not.
We very much almost are.
Gaudi gets this commission really early in 1883, another architect resigns from the project.
They had built a crypt, though.
Gaudi immediately changes the design of the church, the basilica.
He sets about getting the thing done.
Construction's very slow.
He sort of approaches this as a large church, which will be completed over several hundred
years.
Mm-hmm.
But very slowly, the Sagrada Familia starts to consume his life.
By 1915, he's working solely on Sagrada Familia to the exclusion of even maintaining his own
health and appearance and whatnot.
And in the process, he becomes an intensely devoted Catholic.
Mm-hmm.
Whereas he was-
For the best of us.
Yeah.
He was not really a religious man before.
Hmm.
So this thing is, it's really big.
It's not the biggest church, but it's really big.
It's very tall, but it's not finished yet, so it's not that tall.
It takes a long time to build.
Construction was very slow.
It was funded entirely by donations.
It was not funded by any sort of corporate or government or even church funds, right?
Mm-hmm.
And in 1926, it was about 25% finished.
That's what the articles say.
I don't know how you measure that in a percentage.
But yeah, in 1926, Gaudi was hit by a tram.
I mean, sort of an L for public transport there, I guess.
So, Gaudi is an early victim of traffic engineering.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, the state of New Jersey and Anthony Gaudi.
No, here's the thing.
You look at Barcelona, the parts of Barcelona that were built in sort of the 1800s, they were
built with the- it was on a strict grid, but with these beveled or chamfered blocks,
right?
Mm.
So, each intersection is like a diamond.
And that was specifically for the purpose that trams could whip around corners really
quickly.
Huh.
Neat.
Yeah.
So, and they killed Gaudi with that.
Mm-hmm.
He was hit by a tram.
Uh, he was dressed like a beggar because, again, he wasn't taking care of his appearance
at that point.
He was going to confession, you know, to show how pious he was.
Um, because everyone assumed he was a beggar, and he lost consciousness- consciousness- consciousness-
whatever.
When he was hit, he, uh, you know.
They're like, whatever.
Yeah, he couldn't communicate who he was, it was some hobo.
Eventually, some good Samaritans brought him to the pauper's hospital.
Right.
I, uh, so, for a couple of things.
First of all, I heard that as the pauper's hospital, the one where they just give you
ammo nitrate and dilate the fuck out of your asshole.
Second of all, in reading about him, I have just discovered one quite hard fact about Gaudi,
which is that he was like a big time Catalan sort of nationalist.
And one time he got arrested by the cops, and like, for some bullshit, like loitering or
whatever, being dressed like a hobo.
And he spent the night in jail because he refused to speak Spanish to them at all, and
just kept answering them in Catalan, which I respect deeply.
Oh, you see, I was- you know, I got this podcast to what I thought was the minimal,
viable state before we did it, and I wish I knew that anecdote, because I would have a
completely different opinion about this guy now.
Yeah, now that you know he was like the fun kind of crime.
Oh yeah, I was hoping to get amusing anecdotes about everyone, but I was like, okay, we gotta
get something out.
So the only guys I had amusing anecdotes about were like James McNeil Whistler and Louis Sullivan.
Yeah, he got beaten by the cops at a demonstration against the banning of Catalan, he got beaten
by the cops again at a Catalan culture celebration, and as he was going to church he got arrested,
and he said, my profession obliges me to pay my taxes and I pay them, but not to stop speaking
my own language.
Pay unto Caesar what is Caesar's.
Yeah, but in Catalan.
So, you know, again, he gets delivered to the bad hospital, and eventually the chaplain
of Sagrada Familia was doing his rounds at the pauper's hospital, recognized who he was,
and said, you know who this guy is?
This fucking guy?
You fucking idiots!
This is one of the guys who matter!
Yeah, exactly.
And then...
The system again, you know, that's one of the trad aspects I don't think we need to perpetuate.
Then he refuses to leave the pauper's hospital, and then dies.
Oh, goddammit.
Don't give the weird, stubborn Catholic an opportunity to martyr himself.
He will do it.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, you know.
And sort of after this, you know, construction continues, still the snail's pace, still after,
again, the style of architecture has gone deeply out of fashion, but they're still building
it, right?
Mm-hmm.
Most of his drawings and models were destroyed in the Spanish Civil War.
Over time, the fame of the basilica increased, donations of the construction picked up.
The whole thing at this point, it was supposed to be finished in 2026.
Now they're saying, some people are saying 2040, I think it's going to be earlier than that.
It's going to be like 2030 or so.
That's right.
You know, they started using computer-aided design in, like, the late 80s.
3D printing a big Sagrada Familia.
Uh, they're doing CNC on stone.
They're not doing 3D printing.
That's not going to work.
Don't do that.
Um.
It's getting finished more rapidly now.
The big thing is, you know, there's the three big facades.
It's like Nativity and the Something and the Glory facade.
The passion for- I don't remember what the fuck they are.
Mm-hmm.
Again.
Um, but the thing's going to be finished fairly soon, and most of the interior is finished.
And this is like, okay, I- I don't even know you could call this Art Nouveau, but we have to mention it.
Mm-hmm.
Um, this is something weird that comes out of it, but this is also like, we deviated so strongly from this line of architecture.
Sure.
They gotta put- they gotta put five more spires on it, apparently.
They'll just get more spire, bro.
Yeah.
I mean, the whole Glory facade is like, it's gonna be a big mess to build.
I mean, they're gonna do it, and they know how to do it, but it's gonna take a while.
And this is where I'm like- I do have another extremely hard Gaudi anecdote here, which
is they asked him about the construction period and he said, my client is not in a hurry.
Yes.
Yeah, that is a good quote from him.
That is a good one.
I forgot to put that in.
That is a really good one.
I don't like the work, but I like the guy.
Yeah, yeah, I guess you have to give it to the guy.
Yeah, he is- they are actively trying to canonize him.
Um, I believe Pope Francis is, you know, like, trying to expedite it.
Mm-hmm.
He may be- there's three stages of canonization.
You become venerable, you become beatified, you become a saint.
Um, you know, so, he's trying to fast track him to get venerable, at least.
He wouldn't even be like the newest saint, is the fuck.
Oh no, they're cranking him out these days.
No.
Yeah, what the fuck did Saint Catherine Drexel do?
Come on.
Oh shit, man!
So, now the thing is, uh, we couldn't cover everything here.
Um, Art Nouveau happened a lot of places in the world, um, we didn't really talk about
Jugendstil or, you know, Northern Europe.
Here's the Berlin-Mexico plot station.
Mm.
Which is, yeah.
Art Nouveau with trees.
Yeah.
We got the, the Turok Bank building in Budapest.
Ooh.
It was 1906.
It's got this weird early Christian thing going on.
That's fun.
Iconic, in the sense of being like an icon.
There's the Constata Casino in Romania.
Mm.
Look at this guy.
That looks like a place that will kill you.
I like the menace, yeah.
I understand this is being restored right now.
It's like on a seashore.
Oh.
Um, this is the Forenza Theater.
This is in Bogota, Colombia.
That's, that's really nice.
Yeah, this is a late one.
That's 1924.
Feeling the South American yearn again.
Yeah.
And we got, uh, this is the Mexico City Grand Hotel interior, 1918.
I think I've seen this, but I don't remember where.
Uh, yeah.
This is, uh, Jacques Gruber.
Mm.
Right?
And this is, uh, again, this whole art movement, this is a flash in the pan before mainstream
international style takes over, and it doesn't quite take over.
I don't wanna, you know, go fully into, like, this is the trad idea of how architecture fizzled
down, right?
Mm.
But, you know, this is like, this is the last gasp of, like, heavily ornamented stuff
before other, other things took over.
Yeah.
Uh, now we have to also ask a question here, given the origins.
Art Nouveau, is it socialist?
Yes, but in a non-Marxist way, that is therefore a left deviation.
Yeah, actually, actually, yeah, that makes sense.
Yeah, I could see that, I could see that, especially because...
Yeah.
Sort of, you know, architecture critic Mao being like, you gotta be careful to guard
against the left deviations, also the right deviations.
Yeah, you occasionally have to do, um, you have to do the, uh...
You have to correct your comrades more than you have to correct the, uh...
This is what I'm saying, people yell at me!
Yeah.
Yeah.
There were a few big Art Nouveau, um, like, commissions from socialist parties, from, like,
unions.
The big one is Maison de People.
This is Victor Horta.
Maison of People, of course.
Yeah, this is the House of the People.
Yes.
Built in 1899.
The People's House, yeah.
This is built for the Belgian Workers' Party, um, which was demolished in 1965, but they
saved all the parts for it, so they could put it back up somewhere else, and then they
lost all the parts for it.
They lost them?
Yes.
Yeah.
So this is like stealing the room and losing the room.
They stole the building and lost the building.
Yeah.
You know, and you have this whole movement sort of originates in a rebellion against conservative
academic art and architecture.
It was developed from this non-Marxist socialist arts and crafts movement, centered around a
critique of industrial capitalism, but also most of the buildings we talked about, townhouses,
apartment buildings, office buildings, churches...
Yeah.
Hopping out of the sewer outside William Morris' house and being like, and yet you sell them
the wallpaper.
Interesting.
I mean, I think the thing is, right, the thing that makes this specifically a left deviation,
right, is that it subscribes to the same thing we talked about the trads doing earlier,
which is that architecture will change your politics.
And if you just build the same stuff, like it's still a bank, it's still a townhouse,
or whatever, but in an interesting, artistically subversive form, that will subvert the ideology,
instead of the ideology subverting the form.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, ultimately, I think...
I don't know.
I don't think this is something anyone else has said, this is just something that's like,
in my head, is that all architecture is fascist.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Lead into it.
15 year old anarchist, Justin.
Like, yeah, bedtime is fascist, putting one brick on top of another brick is fascist.
Yeah.
Sorry, there's no way you're going to move the general popular...
You're not going to do socialism through architecture.
You can have socialist architects, and you can have socialist clients, but you're not going
to have, like, socialist architecture where...
The existence of an architect implies a hierarchical mode of production that privileges a...
Yeah.
Someone's going to walk through the building and come out the other side and say, I'm
a socialist now.
I was voting for Ron DeSantis earlier today, but I'm a socialist.
I saw this really cool Diego Rivera mural that made me appreciate Lenin.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know exactly.
I mean, I don't know, like, there's a big reproduction of Guernica in the UN.
Those people do a lot of wars.
Yeah, they walked past it to vote.
Yeah.
To, like, abstain on the genocides.
Yeah.
So, you know, these are ultimately...
I mean, there's a few buildings which, you know, a union hall is a socialist building.
Sure.
Fashion hall is at least rebelling against the status quo, but these are...
I don't know.
You can't, like, necessarily assign some political value to styles of art, which is unfortunate,
but that's where we are.
Um, but the next question is, okay, how did we get rid of this stuff?
Why don't we still have these highly ornamented buildings?
Concrete boxes.
Steel and glass, and steel and glass, and steel and glass, and steel and glass.
Okay, so, um, let me put on my statue hat.
Modern architecture was invented at the Frankfurt School by Adolph Luce, Le Cubusier, and Mies van der Rohe,
and Ingvar Kamprad, to destroy our Western culture, to make huge profits building cheap,
flat pack furniture, and to make everyone trans, to make a killing in the plush shark market.
Mm-hmm.
I just think this is particularly funny, given that two of the people you named were
card carrying fascists.
Yes.
15 year old anarchist architectures fascists take is correct!
It's true, yeah.
For those who are listening, and don't understand irony, that was a joke.
Mm-hmm.
No, it wasn't.
It was partially a joke.
Yeah.
So, anyway.
The sharp thing is true.
Yeah, well, actually, they did make a killing on the plush shark market.
Maybe the last trans person left who does not own the plush shark.
The plush shark is nice.
I like the bear.
The dunkelskjörg.
They got a bear?
Oh, the bear sounds cool.
They got the gigantic bear.
I have seen footage of this bear being lifted under the arms by a quadcopter.
It's one of the funniest things I've ever seen.
So, like, a lot of things happen towards the end of the Art Nouvelle movement, one of which
is, of course, World War I.
Oops.
You know, because you have this flourishing of art and architecture, and then all of
a sudden, we have possibly the worst thing that ever happened until the next worst thing
that ever happened.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
The kind of thing of, like, oh, the staid, sort of conventional world, sort of dreams of
the emancipatory violence, and then the emancipatory violence that comes turns out not to be, like,
the cultural stuff, but the military stuff, and chemistry.
It wasn't emancipatory.
No.
Well, I mean...
It was just violence.
Yeah.
It's emancipatory in the sense of it emancipates a lot of people from being alive.
Yes.
Yeah.
You know, but even before World War I, you know, which puts the brakes on a lot of artistic
expression, it kills a lot of people, it focuses resources away from things like buildings.
Art Nouveau is criticized for, you know, its primitive excesses, right, even before the
war.
Mm-hmm.
It also starts to begin to be supplanted by a style which we now know is Art Deco.
I like that.
I'm a fan.
Though that would not be...
I'm a fan.
...that would not be called that until, like, 1925-ish.
Mm-hmm.
Art Deco has a lot more straight lines, it's a little more abstract.
It's got women made of metal.
Yeah.
It's got trains, it's got... in the British form, it also has curved windows, but curved
windows in a kind of more rigid way, which I appreciate.
Yeah.
There's 1930s London apartment buildings with the curved windows.
You see them in, like, old Poirot stuff, and I'm like, I wanna live in here.
Yeah, you got that in Washington, D.C. as well, you got some of the sort of early Art
Deco, like the streamlined modern, or, yeah, late Art Deco, early streamlined modern, you
know, they got the curved windows, you got like the, um...
I don't know.
Art Deco was...
There was a whole... another four hours in that one.
Oh, yeah.
We'll do that at some point, and I'll write it, and it'll mostly be about metal women.
Yeah, I don't...
You know it?
I'm...
I'm more of an Art Nouveau guy.
I prefer women made of plaster.
You know, Art Deco is a little more... ultimately, it's more readily adopted by, you know, sort of
corporate interest as the other one, because it's more readily adapted to things like skyscrapers.
Sure.
It's more readily adapted to...
You know, uh, um, it doesn't have as many bespoke elements, so it's cheaper to build, you
know, the whole thing.
It's more related, um, you know, if you make a through line through this, um, if you look
at the Vienna Secession and the German Jugendstil movement, um, it really develops out of that,
as opposed to Art Nouveau as a whole, because I think a lot of the more curvaceous...
I love my curvy building wife buildings...
Yes, yes.
...those develop into expressionism, which sort of fizzles out fairly quickly.
Um, Art Nouveau as a style, as a whole thing, this is sort of quickly forgotten as, like,
this bad dream after World War I.
It becomes this, like, tweed, decontextualized thing of William Morris wallpaper and Alphonse
Mucha posters.
Yeah, exactly.
And buildings are remodeled or they're demolished, architects change their style, a lot of people
who built these Art Nouveau buildings, they go on to do thoroughly good modernist buildings.
They go, they go and they become acolytes of the international style, or they do Art Deco,
or so on and so forth.
Bauhaus, which is German for house-house.
Yes.
Building house.
Or you're Louis Sullivan, and you go insane.
Right?
That's what it is.
Yeah, if you don't adapt, going insane is always a good refuge, you know?
You could always go insane.
You can do that!
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't know.
Now they make people go to therapy.
I think you should just be able to go insane.
Yeah.
I've been trying, man.
Yeah.
Um, it's weird because, okay, so after World War I, this is forgotten through the
20s and 30s, and even in the 40s, people are writing histories of contemporary architecture,
and they just omit Art Nouveau.
Yeah.
They're like, this never happened.
Nothing.
Yeah, it's fake.
That was, that was shit.
That was garbage.
Yeah.
Right?
And you have, while these, uh, these decorative arts are changing into Art Deco, you have folks
like Walter Gropius, Le Corbusier, and I think a few other people who are more, um, ideologically
socialist, are, they're taking the embrace of machinery that you had in Art Nouveau to
its logical conclusion.
Fascism.
Buildings, no.
Oh.
No.
No.
Le Corbusier, yes.
Walter Gropius, not so much.
Okay.
Um, buildings that can essentially be mass produced, right?
If you have a housing crisis, which apparently has existed forever, um, we gotta put the buildings
up quick.
So a lot of these early international style buildings are exactly this.
They're mass produced housing with mass produced methods, minimal ornamentation, cause that costs
money.
Um, you know, designed to be put up as quickly as possible.
They're paid for by unions and they're for union workers.
Right?
Um, and you have some, uh, attempts to make this sort of, um, paradigm, uh, work with more
avant-garde architecture.
So in the Soviet Union, you have constructivism in Germany, you have expressionism, um, in the
more capitalist parts of the world, you have art deco well into the 1930s.
Um, these sorts of movements are thoroughly destroyed, uh, in the Soviet Union by Stalin,
in Germany by Hitler, and in America, because Mies van der Rohe figured out how to sell modernism
to the capitalist class.
Um, I'll do it.
So, you know, this is, uh, this is sort of a, uh, uh, you, but it's, you know, this is
sort of, this was the last, the art nouveau was the last gasp of like ornamented buildings
before we sort of go into a return to the historical mean, which is there now one style
of building, which is the international style.
And this is not necessarily like this, to say that this is the, um, uh, there, there were
no attempts to break free from there, there on out, but there's this sort of, uh, um, the,
the whole thing leaves a bad taste in people's mouths for a long time.
We're back in the thing of having a settled style, like you say.
Yeah.
It's like, yeah, okay, we, we, we've given up on things like ornament, we've given up
on things like, uh, uh, you know, that, in, in sort of academic style of architecture,
it, I don't know where I'm going with this, hold on.
You have this kind of like bullshit eco-modernism that is now everything.
Yeah, it's, um, uh, you don't have, um, you don't have like the personal expression
that you could have in the past.
And this is not like, because, Hey, there, you know, this is what the architects want,
or this is what the Academy wants.
I mean, ultimately, you know, you, you look at like international style architecture.
One of the things was ultimately you could make it very expensive.
If you wanted to, you can make it very cheap if you wanted to, um, you know, the, these products
like ornament, like, uh, you know, individual craftsmanship, these were very expensive.
I mean, we sort of, as building is financialized, it's, it's difficult to justify any of that
stuff.
Um, you know, the, the, the, the sort of, we didn't get the cheap mass housing that was
promised by, you know, the international style.
Uh, we also didn't get...
We kind of, we kind of got the worst of both possible worlds.
We got the worst of both worlds, yeah.
Is the housing good?
No.
Is it cheap?
Also no.
Also no.
Buildings are more expensive than they ever have been.
That's the other thing.
I, I, it's, it's, you know, and it's like hard to say, okay, uh, could you make building
an Art Nouveau building cheaper?
I mean, maybe, but that's never going to be as cheap as no ornament.
These things are just not valued anymore.
Um, buildings are not designed by architects anymore.
They are, you know, sort of specked out by like banks and then, you know, the architects
can color within the lines.
This is a long process which has occurred over the 20th century.
Um, you know, I feel bad even roping in folks who, you know, develop the international style
into it, but, you know, this has been the logical conclusion.
Um, and-
And now the sort of end point is like removing the architect entirely, and just handing it
to whatever fucking computer.
Right.
I mean, yeah, exactly.
So, you know, this is, this is where we are now.
Um, there was an alternate path.
There were several alternate paths for a long time.
Even, like, brutalism, you know, you had these aggressive shapes in concrete.
And even, like, board formed concrete is too- like, no one wants to build that anymore.
It's all, you know, we gotta build these shitty apartment buildings out of twigs.
Um.
We used to build things in this country, is the conclusion, I guess.
Yeah, because it's not like-
I put on my statue hat and-
Well, basically.
I mean, the statue hat people are identifying a loss, they're just misattributing it to,
like, wokes or whatever.
Sure.
No one's figured out how- you can identify the problem.
Solving the problem is much more difficult.
Also, they tend to, like, misidentify the problem, but like-
Well, yeah, that's true, yeah.
The thing is, their vibe of, like, discomfiture can arise from a real place, right?
Yeah.
You don't have to- you don't need a weatherman to etc. etc.
Right?
Um.
And, yeah, this is one of those things where it's like, man, you look at new buildings,
and okay, you might need to, like, go to fucking Marcus Aurelius to articulate this thought,
but you can also feel a profound sense of unease, because they suck.
I mean, even like, you know, a modern, like, five over one apartment building, you know,
you show that to, like, Mies van der Rohe, you'd say, what the fuck are you doing?
Mmhmm.
Yeah.
It's got cladding on it, you know?
It's made of wood.
It's made of wood.
All the apartments are shit.
Mmhmm.
Got an LA Fitness on the ground floor.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Um, so yeah, sort of... not to say, in an abstract sense, there's been a sort of weird
cultural decay, but there's been a sort of weird cultural decay.
Yeah.
Hard to, um, articulate through strictly material means, um, but you- you- you have, you know,
perhaps now a time to reinvestigate the left deviations of William Morris, um, and think
about a kind of aesthetic socialism again.
Yes.
Hopefully without all turning into weird serfs.
Um.
You can do a little bit of aesthetics.
Yeah.
Maybe.
As a treat.
And maybe this could be the aesthetic.
Maybe- maybe if you've sat through all of this, the solution lies in, uh, bringing back
the art nouveau, brackets communist.
Brackets communist.
Well, you know, um, I've seen one person do it, his name was Nathan J. Robinson, trying
to articulate that.
That man should never be allowed to write about architecture, I'm sorry.
It did sorta come back in graphic design, in the form of posters for psychedelic rock bands.
That's about it.
Right.
Cool.
That's when the letter is shaped weird, rather than when the window is weird shaped.
Yeah, pretty much.
Um, you still have some naked girls, which is a big part of Art Nouveau.
Um, that's essentially where you get- it never really comes back as architecture, there's
a couple of- a couple of weird postmodern buildings that evoke it, but it- it really never
came back in a way that other styles did.
Uh, which is interesting.
I mean, no one likes this stuff who actually builds buildings.
Um, it's-
Yeah.
It's a real shame, you know?
Yeah.
You know, cause you can- you can have, like, uh, people still build new neoclassical buildings.
People still build-
Oh, they can't fuckin' stop doing it.
Yeah, they can't stop doing that.
Yeah.
Especially in, like, uh, the Caucasus.
Um.
People-
You can even get some, like, new quasi-Bellhouse stuff, or some new international style stuff,
if you want.
Yeah, it was never- it was never like a- it was never like a national style in quite
the same way that a lot of other things eventually managed to be.
This was always a deviation.
Mm.
This was always something for weird people.
Are you queering Art Nouveau here?
I-
Yeah, you are.
So, here's the thing.
In terms of, like, its own era, um, Art Nouveau was the only, like, consciously feminine
style of art.
Mm.
As opposed- especially in contrast to the Academy at the time.
Sure.
Um, you know, this is- this is like- this is not like the strong manly man stuff.
This is something entirely else.
Mm.
Mm-hmm.
You know, it's not- it's not a, um, you know, cause again, you're- you're working against
these things like the Academy.
You're working against weird neo-Renaissance art.
You're working against weird neoclassicism, the Beaux-Arts school, the like, I am, you know,
I am the great, you know, I am embellishing my city with like city beautiful stuff, or I
don't know, I'm building a huge shitty opera in Paris, or I'm- you know, this is-
Not a fan of the Palais Garnier.
Yeah.
You know, this is not- this is not like a- at least I find it does not have the same,
like, big manly man aesthetics that a lot of other styles of art and architecture have.
Interesting.
Especially since most of it was not big buildings.
Most of it.
And how quickly it was buried.
Um, and like-
Doing the Silvia Federici thing and being like, you know, women's traditional folkways
of building curvy window.
Yeah.
We've lost that sort of ancestral knowledge.
Yeah.
But anyway, yeah, we totally buried this style, we decided it's terrible and awful,
and you know, what do we have now?
We have, in recent years, recent years being a long time, one album cover by The Sword.
That's the end of Art Nouveau.
Yeah.
And it's biting Alphonse Mucha, the least interesting part of Art Nouveau.
Yeah.
Build the curvy window.
Build the curvy window.
Have some imagination for once of your goddamn lives.
Yeah.
Do some weird William Morris shit, you know?
Yeah, do some weird, like, do some weird stuff.
Yeah.
Like weird buildings.
Get weird and feminine, you know?
Floral and curvy.
Start taking oestrogen, you know?
Do whatever you want.
I guess that's basically what you have to do if you want to bring the style back.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm working on it.
Um.
And since I live in a terrible country, I have to sort of privately and dubiously legally
purchase some of my hormones.
So, thank you for subscribing to the Patreon and allowing me to become weirder and more feminine.
Yes.
Your money goes directly to weird Russian research chemical sellers.
That's right.
Weird Soviet pen salesman.
Mm-hmm.
Sort of jiggling the thing of pills at the microphone.
Yeah.
So what do we learn?
Fucking curve the windows.
Curve the windows.
We have been recording for, by this point, conservatively five hours.
So...
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
Damn, it's not even that late at night.
I could go for another six hours.
Anyway, no.
Let's...
Let's get ahead.
Call this one a night.
Yeah.
I think we can get a sort of backlog of the bonus episodes done if we just keep going
right now.
Oh my god.
You know, I'm gonna wake up and I'm gonna be confused and infuriated about trying to figure
out what I said about the end of Art Nouveau, which was wrong.
Anyway, so...
Who starts it for the next bonus episode?
Because I think it might be Liam's.
Might be Liam's.
Might be Liam's.
You don't have to decide right now, I'm not gonna put you on the spot.
I wanna try to get fashion back off the ground, but we'll see.
All right, yeah.
By all means.
Fashion.
Fashion is danger.
Fashion is danger, yes.
All right, well, thank you so much for subscribing to the Patreon.
We will fix the workflow.
Maybe.
We will.
We will do.
We will.
Not maybe, we will.
You're gonna have to come over here to beat me up.
That's fine, I know where you live.
I know exactly how to get into your house, bud.
I'm gonna do some, like, Postmates shit to do that.
Or have Liam, you know?
Yeah.
It's me, Alice's enforcer.
Haha.
Haha.
Well, goodbye everyone.
Good night, everyone.
Goodbye,
Zuscha!
God real Apple flagged on西 Honda Ford and a instantly kidnapped Adam Andyele !
Bye!
Yupwa late!
Bob said.
I got the picture other dia.
Gabe Gordon reached out.
Thank you.
Can you keep now.
Doug on our house, grue at Buddy on the Garden and a Manhattan and a campground?
Good night after everyone.
Well, goodbye, everyone.
Good night, everyone.
Goodbye, everyone.
Good night, everyone.
