Useful.
Look at it and all that resolution.
I believe we're going.
Hello and welcome.
We're podcasting.
We're podcasting.
Hello and welcome to a well there's your problem bonus episode.
Bonus.
Bonus.
It's November and Justin, and we're joined once again by Katie from War Takes.
Katie, how's it going?
You know what?
I'm having all considering the state of the world.
I'm having a pretty damn good weekend.
All things considered.
Beat some burgers, played some games, and now I'm recording a podcast.
Some of my favorite people on the internet edited by one of my favorite people on the internet.
Hi, Devin.
And I have a margarita while I'm doing it.
Nice.
I made some cheese steaks yesterday.
A whole bunch of people.
That was fun.
I am busy in the anxiety zone because tomorrow after recording this, I have an early
train from Edinburgh down to London.
It's a bank holiday, it's gonna be packed, I don't have a seat, I am gonna have to kill
multiple people just to survive.
And so, I'm looking to gain a bit of, like, martial spirit to get me through it.
And so on that basis, I thought I would do a bonus episode that I've wanted to do for
a while, that I've had in the works with KD for a while, which is a little bit of a history
of camouflage.
Ooh.
And here's the short version.
This is called DPM, Disruptive Pattern Material.
It's the best one.
That's it.
We can finish the thing there.
That's it.
That's good.
Thanks, guys.
Don't wait.
When Rishi Sunak, you know, starts up his new British conscript army, he'll just put them
all back in this, you know, make Britain great again.
It's gonna be worth it, many of you guys.
I don't know.
Yeah, no, it's...
I would say this is gonna be one of the episodes that you really need to be able to see, but
it's gonna be quite difficult for you to see, even if you're looking at the slides.
So, you know, just do your best.
Just fine with it, it'll be fine, just go with the flow.
I'm just seeing forest here.
Specifically central European forests.
Yeah, this is the kind of camouflage that you wear when you want to fight the Cold War
going hot.
We'll talk about this, and many others, in due time.
If we go to the next slide, though, I have a brief bit of housekeeping.
Did you kill this motherfucker?
Yeah, but, you know, I needed an image, just to say that we cracked 20,000 patrons, so...
20,000 of you guys, yeah.
20,000 of you better watch this fucking episode.
Huge, huge number.
I better see 20,000 views on this.
We are a, what, divisional strength formation at this point?
Yes.
Yeah, we added attachments and everything?
Yeah, that's about right.
Thank you so much, all of you, for subscribing.
If you haven't subscribed on the Patreon yet, please do, because we produce stuff like this,
and we can do it because of you, and it's a pleasure and a delight and an honor to do so.
And, yeah, our sort of artist's impression of you watching this.
We're very grateful, so thank you.
Also, apologies that apparently we can't get three people on the same podcast at the
same time, but this has been a hell of a month.
The thing is, every month is more of a hell of a month, and, you know, we hope that one
day normalcy will return, but in the meantime, I hope you're all aware that we're doing our
best, and hopefully we can still get content that's fun out of it.
Yes.
In the absence of Liam, I'll try to throw in some threats.
Yeah, if you have any, you want to, like, just off the dome right now, please, by all means.
I'll need to stew on it, but considering some of the country's camouflage we're going
to talk about, I don't think it should be too much of a stretch.
Absolutely.
Alright, if we go to the next slide, we have...
I threw this in to appreciate Liam and Justin...
Liam isn't here, I'm afraid, once again, but like, your culture, right?
Yes.
Beautiful, beautiful real tree.
Sometimes they do it in orange because the animals can't see it, but other hunters can
see you.
I've seen so many, like, sports team jerseys done in Realtree and hats and stuff.
You need the camouflage from the animals, but you need to stand out so Dick Cheney doesn't
shoot you in the face.
Yeah, I really like the kind of orange camouflage things, and this will get to, like, differences
between animal vision and human vision.
But Realtree is a hunting camouflage.
I find it profoundly ugly, but I'm sure it's useful if you like that kind of thing.
If you're on the front line defending us against prions by killing deer where they stand, this
is your outfit.
The front line against 40 to 50 feral hogs.
Yeah, for real though.
I mean, Realtree is as much a fashion statement as it is practical.
You know, as...
What Dale Gribble is saying here is correct.
I'm glad you appreciate that contribution.
Wearing Realtree to the Walmart.
Yeah.
Immediately being granted Pennsylvanian citizenship.
Seeing someone's truck, you know, cover in their back that's in Realtree, and you don't
want to know what's under there, and you're better off not knowing what's under there.
Hmm.
Yeah.
It kind of...
Technically it gives you probable cause, but also a more probable reason not to want to
find out.
Also, there's a bush light camo can here.
We used to buy these all the time in college, because it was funny.
Beautiful.
So the deer can't see it.
Yeah, exactly.
You just build like a deer hide out of empties of these.
Like you can do a bit, and you can get drunk.
It's a win-win.
Oh.
America is the country in the history of the world.
Nothing has ever gone wrong with alcohol and firearms.
Never.
Not in a million years.
Preferably it would also include some tobacco and explosives as well.
One of the most Pennsylvanian things of all time, and I have to beg your pardon here,
because it is a Pittsburgh thing, specifically.
I heard about this from Min, who we had on to talk about, the Monaghala bomber, is that
in Frick Park in Pittsburgh, it's large enough and central enough that it has urban deer, and
they just have hunting in it, in the middle of a city park.
Sure, why not?
Just gonna go full Tommy Lee Jones, the park is mine, Pittsburgh edition.
I just, I really like the idea of people like, you know, fucking bow hunting or whatever,
in the middle of like a central, like, central park, effectively.
Hey, Fairmount Park is big enough for that too, I just don't think they let people do
it.
I don't know how they handle the deer.
Maybe they should.
You know, maybe...
I have been riding my bike through, well it was through Cobbs Creek Park, actually,
and a deer just ran out in front of me, and I was like, I'm going to die.
If you had the fucking thing on you.
Yeah, if I had that thing on me.
If you had been prepared for a kinetic situation.
On sight.
You could have done your part in the war on prions.
Yeah, you could have, you know, knocked back the prions, also had like, some venison,
for free, you know?
That's a good point.
Yeah.
But, yeah.
If we go to the next slide.
We're staying with the animal kingdom, right?
Because camouflage was invented by animals.
The first troops.
What we see here is a great white shark, and a great white shark is here, displaying
something called Thayer's Law, which is sometimes called counter shading.
This is God's second most perfect killing machine after the crocodile.
And basically, the thing is that, like, if very simplified, if something is dark on the
top and light on the bottom, then it not only is it harder to see against a dark surface
from above, and a light surface like the sky from below, but it also seems flatter.
Like, there's a kind of, like, a visual aberration happening there that makes it easier to hide.
Um.
This is how Milkshake is patterned.
Yeah, Milkshake is a predator.
God's third most perfect killing machine.
Milkshake is a predator who needs to, like, hide from prey in order to stalk them more effectively,
and as such...
He needs to hide from the mortadella before he leaps on a counter and just goes to town.
The shark, the crocodile, and Milkshake all got to a certain level of evolution and went,
you know what?
I'm good enough now.
I don't need this shit, and I've just stayed the same for thousands of years, since I assume
Milkshake's immortal.
Yeah, once you achieve God's perfect killing machine status, then, you know, you kind of
don't need to evolve anymore.
I love evolution, is the thing.
Like, it evolves the eye, it evolves coloration that tricks the eye, it's like, what doesn't
it have back there?
And jumping forward a bit, the Russians fucking love this on their fighter jets.
This is what, sometimes they'll just do straight up camouflage, and we'll talk about that, but
particularly on flanker fighters, they love to do, like, a dark grey on top, and, like,
a lighter grey, or even, like, a sky blue on the bottom.
It looks fucking sick as the thing, too.
It does.
You don't want to have to hand it to them, but you kind of have to hand it to them.
You don't have to hand it to, like, them as a whole, but you can hand it to the guy
who came up with a sick camouflage scheme.
Yeah.
And you can kind of, there's two basic forms of, like, camouflage, like, optical kind
of camouflage in nature, right?
Well, okay, there's three basic forms of optical camouflage in nature, right?
You've got Krypsis, which is, like, looking like something else, like the, you know,
stick insect that looks like a stick.
A stick bug.
Yeah.
You've got to counter shading with it, which is this, and then you just have, like, kind
of disruptive patterning.
Stuff that, like, breaks up the shape, like, so, like, you can colour, like, an animal to,
like, look like its background, you can colour it to, like, eliminate its shadow, and you
can kind of colour it to, like, break up its outline.
And this is gonna be what most of it will talk about, because most military camouflage
tends to be disruptive.
Yes.
It's breaking up the outline.
Yes.
Yeah, absolutely.
If we go to the next slide, we can talk about some dudes, for instance.
Yeah, yeah, so after the animals invented camouflage, as Nova has pointed out, it was shamelessly copied
by one William Shakespeare, for use in his little known play about a deranged Scotsman.
I'm blanking on the title.
Yeah, fucking, Donsonane, like, moves towards you on the cover of, like, you know, like,
tree branches.
Under a large bush in a sort of Monty Python fashion.
They do look very Monty Python's Holy Grail-ish.
This is just, again, this is what I imagine what Rushi Sunak's conscript army's gonna do.
They're just gonna plop them in, like, Estonia or something, and just have them march towards
the border with bushes to scare the Russians.
Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, to be fair, hiding your army in a woods is, like, as old as having an army and
as old as woods, but like...
Yeah, even before camouflage was invented, per se, people were doing it.
You just didn't call it that.
Mm-hmm.
Next slide, please.
So I have some cool reenactors here.
Mm-hmm.
Basically...
Fetch me my red shirt.
Fetch me my grey trousers?
Um...
Grey...
You should have a doctor to look at that.
Really anemic, yeah.
Yeah.
So, these are some British, like, Napoleonic line infantry reenactors.
And you may notice that these men are not very well camouflaged.
They're wearing red, they have very tall Shaco hats with plumes in them.
And these guys are not camouflaged because for a long time in a lot of places, visibility
and identification and cohesion, and also, like, personal and, to an extent, unit prestige,
were all more important things.
Like, even, like, in some...
Like, this goes for a lot of places, like, from the Aztecs to, like, Sengoku Japan to the
Battle of Austerlitz, right?
Like, a big part of war is looking cool with your bros.
Yes.
When warfare is more personalized, before it's more, like, sort of, um, uh, like, bureaucratic,
a lot of it is, like, looking personally cool.
A lot of the, like, cool grave goods, like gold helmets and stuff, it's because, like,
the one richest guy around, he's on a horse and he's, like, primarily dressed in, like,
shiny armor.
And you go, holy shit, I don't want to fight that guy.
Um, and to do so, it's important that you can see him.
Yeah, like, like...
I'm sorry, go ahead, Justin.
Most of warfare at that point is standing around in a field and then dying of dysentery
instead of actual fighting.
So, you know, it's kind of like, you don't need camouflage.
You want to look...
You want to die young and leave a good-looking corpse.
Yeah, absolutely.
It is caked in shit.
Yeah, and, like, you know, Klaus Fritz, who got his bones in these wars, I mean, he described
war as a continuation of politics by other means, but truly war is just a continuation
of guys being dudes by other means.
Yeah, and, like, especially in, like, early days of firearms and stuff when, you know,
before smokeless powder, everything is, like, covered in smoke the second anyone starts
firing anything.
It's important to have bright colors and, like, big, like, banners and everything so that if
you are commanding troops, if you're trying to, like, organize formations, you know where
everybody is.
And, like, if you're on the ground, you're not getting separated as easily.
You're not shooting your own...
Just accidentally start commanding the wrong army.
I mean, this damn near happened.
Like, there's a couple of times where, like, armies went into battle with themselves.
Um...
The Battle of Karan Sevis, I wanna say?
Um...
Which I think is the Austrians being, like, oh shit, the Ottoman Turks are coming, and just
kind of shooting at themselves.
Um...
This is why you never wanna fuck with total war mods, just get a little too out there.
Yeah, exactly.
And, like, the thing about unit prestige, too, is, like, particularly once you're into this
sort of age of warfare where you're talking about, like, you know, a guy who commands a
regiment is, like, the rich guy with enough money to, like, raise it himself and pay for
all this shit.
It speaks well of him if he, like, has spent money on, like, all of his dudes having nice
jackets and nice hats.
And they have a lot of, like, dash and prestige and elan.
Um...
And that's also a factor in...
It's thought to be a factor in, like, fighting spirit and morale, too, is that, like, you
know, the men hold together more, they're more audacious, they're more disciplined, because
they look fancy.
Uh...
And they look...
They present, like, a martial bearing, you know?
And so, so much of this stuff...
Like, you're not really considering the concept of hiding so much, because it's, like, if nothing
else, un-gentlemanly.
My favorite piece of, like, um, battlefield identification, by the way, is the, um, uh,
Japanese, like, sort of banner, like, worn over the back.
I forget what it's called, but you see it a lot in, like, Shogun Total War and stuff.
Oh, yeah, I know exactly.
Yeah, I don't know what the name is for that thing, but I know exactly what you're talking
about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And, uh, yeah, so, pretty much you are trying to be deliberately as visible as possible,
whether that's on a personal level or on a sort of, like, organizational level.
Uh, next slide, please.
There is the thing that fucking kills this.
Him again!
Oh my god!
Get rid of him!
This is...
He looks really weird in this, as well.
Um, so...
Standing very cool and very normal.
Yeah.
So, firearms didn't change this, uh, but what did was rifling.
Rifling is a technology demonstrated here by our boy Daniel Craig as James Bond.
Um, you put a little twisty groove down the barrel of a firearm.
It imparts spin on the projectile, uh, which stabilizes it in flight, makes it more accurate,
means you can hit things further away.
Um, and this leads to the sort of, like, catastrophic casualty counts of, for instance, the American
Civil War, because you're trying to fight, uh, like, with tactics that are sort of pre-riflery,
um, and, you know, now you can shoot people to much more deadly effect much sooner.
However, the other effect of this is that you need a new profession of rifleman, like
a guy who can skirmish and ambush and generally, like, make a nuisance of himself.
Um, next slide, please.
Also, if you're British, you can do this to the gun barrels of your tanks and make
everyone else in NATO really annoyed at you, because you have to use different ammunition.
We love, we love to do it.
Um, the other big thing is hunting, or more often poaching, which is illegal hunting, on
someone else's land.
Highly illegal hunting.
Highly illegal.
Because, like, you know, Aristos, they love to, like, close off their lands and be like,
actually, I'm the only one who can hunt here.
And if you need to eat-
Let the deer population get completely out of control.
Exactly!
Exactly.
And if you are, like, a good proletarian, and you aren't in America where freedom has
been invented, you don't have the, like, real tree, you have to, like, sneak onto your,
like, feudal, your liege lord's land, and, like, illegally kill a bunch of his, like,
deer or pheasant or whatever.
Yeah.
But the problem is that you need to do this in secret, and, like, the animals can see
you coming, the landlords can see you coming.
Um, if you're, like, if you're rich-
But I repeat myself.
Yeah, exactly.
And, like, aside from, like, you know, it varies a bit with stuff like deer stalking,
and, like, you know, rouse and pheasant shooting, but in general, like, the aristocracy, in Britain,
at least, like to hunt from horseback, wearing scarlet coats, again, it's good, like, preparation
for, like, cavalry warfare and stuff.
Whereas if you are trying to poach, you want to, like, sneak around in drab-coloured clothes,
with a lot of pockets that you can stuff dead animals into.
And in particular in Scotland, Scottish ghillies, gamekeepers, who are kind of, like, sort of
hired to police the, like, hunting estates of the rich, they invent scrimming, right?
Attaching bits of, like, foliage or bits of rags to yourself, like that Scottish guy's
enemies in that one play.
So you blend in.
And it's a pretty straight shot from that to the ghillie suit, and that Call of Duty level.
Always comes back to cops.
Once again, yeah.
But, yeah, so these two things, rifley- rifling and poaching are gonna have huge influences on
the development of camouflage.
That guy on the right looks absolutely like, oh shit, oh shit, he is trippin' balls.
Yeah, because the fucking, the boy dem are on him.
Like, over to the left, you see them in the shadows there, they're about to, like, get his
ass for poaching.
And if you got for poaching, they'll kill you.
Or deport you.
Yeah, I mean, they were pretty enthusiastic about using the death penalty there in Britain
for a long time.
Bloody coach.
Oh yeah.
We loved it.
There you go.
Can't anymore, it's awokeness.
Well, see how the election goes, I guess.
Next slide, please.
Oh, I love Sharp.
Right?
If you've seen any of the, like, Sharp movies, then you'll be very aware.
This goofy looking motherfucker is a rifleman of the kind who needed to be deployed to figure
out rifles, right?
And you may notice a difference in this guy's uniform from the, like, guys in red.
This guy is wearing green and black, he's lying down, in order to, like, in a really
admittedly goofy way, balancing the feeling.
Very loose sort of pose there, very leisurely aim.
Yeah.
I don't think they let you do this in the military now.
I don't think this is the best way of doing that.
I feel like it's a good way to get hit in the face with a rifle stock as well.
Yes.
Yeah.
But, yeah, the uniform conforms with a lot of the expectations of militaries of the early
19th century, in that it has a tall hat and a feather plume, and a lot of buttons, and
stuff like that.
It's green and it's black, right?
And essentially what you are doing is you're creating a formation of riflemen, of light
infantry, who can get ahead of main formations in looser, more individual, spread out positions,
and do things like sniping, which is named for the bird, a snipe, so you're, like, hunting
individual targets, because a snipe is difficult to shoot, so it implies a good marksman.
And you are skirmishing, and it's quite unconventional if what you're used to is everybody lines up and
shoots at each other and volleys.
And this creates a set of traditions, and I know the British military best, but there's
tons of others, of riflemen.
And this persists, there is still a regiment in the British Army called the Rifles, who still
wear dark green and blackened metal buttons and stuff, and I think all of those traditions
are cool, but the reason why they exist is because of these guys, because a rifle is still
a specialist weapon in the early days.
You can't issue them or manufacture enough of them to issue them to everyone.
But so you recruit people who are, like, experienced marksmen, or can be trained to be.
And you have essentially a kind of, like, technical specialist unit of these guys who are able
to, like, conceal themselves a bit better.
And this is sort of really setting things off to the races, right?
Because all of a sudden we've gone from wearing bright red or, like, bright white and, you
know, honor and all of this to a guy sitting in a bog for, like, four hours, you know, before
he can spring out and, like, shoot the bike all off someone.
The concealment can be made difficult because whenever you do something cool wearing this,
some sick, like, electric guitar 90s riffs happen in the background.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And a, like, really, like, cartoonishly posh guy rides up to you on horseback and goes,
like, what are you doing?
This is dishonorable.
Yeah.
Also, there's never enough guys to really sell the battle scenes, because they don't have
the budget for it.
Yeah, you gotta film it very creatively.
But, you know, the fortunate thing about this is when Sean Bean wears this, he lives to
the end.
That's true, yeah.
That's a good point, yeah.
If we go to the next slide, so, also along with this, in the Napoleonic Wars, you had
the beginning of guerrillas, of, like, unconventional, like, warfare, where, like, individual Spanish
and Portuguese fighters who would be armed with, like, you know, muskets or shotguns or
whatever would be, like, fighting just in their civilian clothes, which are, like, brown
or grey and less noticeable, and deliberately, like, ambushing and stuff.
So this is the thing.
We're starting to see the erosion of this big, like, formed, kind of very bright, like, red-coated
infantry.
And ultimately, what proves the death knell for that is the successor to those guerrillas,
which is the Boas.
You may be familiar with such Boas as Elon Musk.
The guy, Oscar Pistorius.
I'm sure I can name a Boa who isn't a piece of shit, if you give me, like, an hour.
We don't have that kind of time.
Yeah.
No.
It's over.
The Boer Woer.
Yeah.
So the Boas and the Boer Woer are Dutch settlers in what would become South Africa, and other countries,
especially South Africa, and, again, they don't want the British to colonize South Africa, and
because they're mostly farmers and colonists, they just go out in their regular-ass, brown-ass
farming clothes, which are covered in dirt, and because they're all, like, quite practiced
marksmen from hunting, they're able to, like, just absolutely pick people off.
Which leads to us getting mad and inventing the concentration camp, as a sort of fun detail.
But it also leads to us adopting khaki, which is this color here.
It's urdu for, like, dirt.
It's urdu for the color that this is.
And originally, there's this kind of misconception about, like, redcoats, where it's like, to
an extent, like, first of all, redcoats were never really that uniform in color.
It was just, like, whatever dye the regiment could get their hands on, recycle through a
bunch of things.
But also, like, in the field on campaign, stuff got muddy anyway, and it kind of, like,
absorbed the color of the local terrain anyway.
And this is kind of a bit of a logical progression from that, a bit of a logical progression from
seeing people in, like, normal clothes.
To be like, what if we just wore, like, kind of grayish-brown?
This is where uniforms actually become more uniform, because really, you couldn't have
them be uniform until you got to the Industrial Revolution, because of all the reasons Nova
just lined up.
Because it's all just, like, some rich dickhead, like, buying his own uniforms and probably doing
it on the cheap, because he's a cheapskate.
Yeah.
But you have to hire, like, 4,000 tailors.
You have to have as many tailors as men.
I mean, the original khaki was, like, sort of, in the Sepoy rebellion, which I probably
shouldn't call it that, it has a newer, woken name that I'm not recalling right now.
In India, like, regiments of red-coated British infantry panicking and dyeing their shit, like,
individually, which led to this huge, huge variation in the colors that khaki could be,
which went from, like, brown all the way out to, like, pink.
And then it kind of got standardized by the Boer War.
Also, if you were a Confederate- no, sorry, I'm not using that right- if you were a traitor
during the Civil War, you would call this a butternut.
Hmm.
I mean, like, the Union moving to, like, kind of dark navy blue and, like, the Confederacy
moving to kind of gray is of a kind of general historical trend, which is, like, for instance,
like, generally countries would, like, pick a kind of drab-ish color and then just go,
like, whatever they could basically- whatever they liked, whatever they could get a deal
on.
It's why the Germans went to gray.
It's why, like, the Nazis are always dressed in, like, Feldgrau, that, like, weird gray color,
because that's what the Prussians decided in, like, the early 20th century.
And this is jumping ahead a little bit, I guess, chronologically, but the reason why
the first Nazi stormtroopers were brown shirts is they got cheap a bunch of uniforms that
were intended by German Schutztruppe in Africa, colonial troops, which just never ended up
going out there, and they got cheap.
It's always deals, it turns out.
It's always deals.
Deals, deals, deals!
Deals, deals, deals!
Deals, deals, deals.
They call them Mr. Too Damn Deals.
But yeah, so, like, you know, various greens and browns and grays become the kind of,
like, base color.
And you still have the same thing, which is, like, you have this kind of, like, a full uniform
suit, but it's of one color.
And it changes, like, your sort of subdued coloring of uniforms changes from being something
that exists for specialists, like riflemen, to sort of combat arms and then all arms,
right?
And all those fancy colorful uniforms get shifted, becoming the ceremonial thing that
you break out a few times to year to impress some politician who's visiting.
There is an exception.
And if we go to the next slide, I don't have a picture of it, which I really should do.
So, World War I, right, is the, like, real death knell for battlefield ceremonial and
bright colors.
And no country goes into World War I in Europe wearing brightly colored uniforms.
Apart from France.
Apart from France.
France goes into the First World War with its infantry wearing bright red pants and, like,
bright blue tunics, jackets.
Elon, baby!
Elon!
Absolutely!
Audace, audace, toujours de l'audace!
Like, you have to maintain fighting spirit and aggression, and the way you do that is by
wearing red trousers to work.
And...
Hey, Carl!
Shoot that really well-dressed man!
Seems like a shame to do it.
He's very stylish, but it is war, you know?
Like, the Germans who had already gone to, like, grey long since.
Like, it was an absolute slaughter for the first year of the war.
Ultimately, like, the French were persuaded to do a more subdued color, but the more subdued
color was still blue, because that was the compromise.
Because they didn't want to-
Sky blue.
Yeah, horizon blue it was called.
It does look sick, but compared to everyone else, it's super obvious.
Yeah, you're, like, very visible against anything except, like, a kind of sunny day's
sky.
So if you have the high ground, you're fine.
Yeah, absolutely.
But, so, my example for how, kind of, how much more practical and industrialized uniforms
got in the First World War is the German side, because Germany entered the war with this kind
of- you may have seen this, it's a Pickelhaube.
Like it's a pointed helmet, right?
Yeah.
It's got the spike on top.
Yeah, very, very, like, Bismarck.
It's what you think of when you think of, like, World War I and before German infantry.
Though this got exported for a bit, like, under the pre-revolution Mexican military they
wore these.
There's a ton of German influence in, like, Latin America that is-
Oh yeah.
Well, take a look at how many armies wore- in South America wore the Stahlhelm for quite
a while.
Still do, for ceremonial reasons.
Yeah, Chile.
But yeah, so this is like, boiled leather, or it can be like, you can have it in steel as
well.
It has a big fucking front piece on it with an eagle, it has a big chain.
And typically what happened is that once they realized that this made you very visible
and very easy to shoot, they started issuing these canvas covers, both to keep them clean
and dry, and also to make them less obvious.
So you'll see a lot of photos of, like, German First World War infantry wearing, like, canvas
covers still with the big points on them, and typically like a regiment number embroidered
on the front over the forehead.
I want to say some cavalry in the Napoleonic War had these for their shackles or something,
but I can't remember.
I could buy that, but I'm not sure I know exactly.
On the right here, we see the canonical Nazi helmet.
This is a Stahlhelm, a steel helmet.
And this is not a Nazi invention.
It predates them.
It was invented during the First World War.
In large part less because of direct sniping, and more, like, generally steel helmets were invented
because of how many people were dying of head wounds from, like, artillery shrapnel.
Yeah, like a steel helmet will not fucking stop a direct hit from a bullet.
Maybe a glancing hit, but yeah, steel helmets were invented almost entirely to stop shrapnel deaths,
which they were actually very effective for that purpose.
But I mean, it wasn't until you started getting Kevlar helmets that they would stop rounds,
and then typically it would be like, it will stop a pistol round.
But if you hit a Kevlar helmet with a fucking full-size rifle round, it's good night fucking nerves.
You did see interesting bits of trench arm welding plates onto the front of helmets and stuff.
It gets very, like, it gets very sort of...
Medieval.
SCP foundation.
Why does it have what looks like a pipe fitting here?
I actually forget what those lugs are for.
It might even be ventilation.
I know that those go away when you get to the actual Nazi versions.
The World War I versions have these, but when they make a slightly smaller, lighter version for the Nazis,
this does go away.
But I can't remember for the life of me what it's actually for.
I guess it's where you put the hose to fight the imperialism into?
I would imagine something like that, yeah.
I was right.
It's to clip on an armor plate over the forehead.
That's what my second guess was gonna be.
That's where the fucking visor goes.
Yeah, so you could augment this by putting big frontal armor on here.
But yeah, so this thing is made of metal.
It's painted flat green.
And you see there is very little, if any, ceremony to it.
Like, the Nazis will move to painting crests on the side of these and stuff,
in some contexts.
But in general, this is very much a lessons learned during a total war kind of situation.
Sort of lunch pail, nine to five type of helmet.
Yeah, and this is the lunch pail.
Not these hip hop style helmets.
And like the British had a kind of tin sort of bowler hat version of this,
and like the Americans developed the...
Yeah, Americans I think just used, at least in World War I,
just used the British version, they called it the Brody helmet.
The French just adopted...
The Adrian helmet, the Cascadrion, with the fucking comb over the top that looks incredible.
Yeah, yeah.
Which was used by firefighters beforehand.
So there was a lot of just adaptation going on.
I don't know.
There's a weird firefighter link here, because until very recently,
and in fact still sometimes presently, you can see Stahlhelms being worn by German volunteer firefighters.
And these were still used during the Cold War.
The Bundeswehr still used the US M1 steel helmet.
But in order to...
This was primarily, I think, so the East Germans could tell who was the army and who were just border guards.
The West German border guard troops used Stahlhelms instead of the steel helmets.
So you can find a bunch of pictures of them with FALs and Stahlhelms looking like they're coming out of TNO.
The East Germans being like, hey, these guys are all still Nazis.
And the guy's wearing a Stahlhelm is like, no, I'm not.
I'm not the Nazi. You are the Nazi.
Actually, I've depicted you as the Nazi, and me as the freedom-loving Democrat.
You called me the Nazi.
You're the one who stood over there in Prussia, you motherfucker.
Next slide, please.
So, but yeah, we mentioned some sniping, and at some point I really want to read Hesketh Pritchard's sniping in France.
And so, one of the things is disguising positions becomes vitally more important,
because of the advent of balloons, because of the advent of aircraft, which you can see stuff more easily,
and also because every meter of the Western Front is constantly being surveilled and watched,
and any movement will get shot at.
So what you have here are some examples of-
Several weird trees, and I refuse to believe anything otherwise.
The one on the left just looks like a tree monster, like straight up.
Yeah. Yeah, so these are like observation posts and sniper nests, and these are sort of-
Basically these are hunting hides, and often what would happen would be that you would have a tree in
no man's land, they would cut it down in the middle of the night and replace it with like a steel
like, replica of it, in which you could hide a guy.
Through its rock.
And this worked!
Like, this sort of worked.
And you have this sort of core of camouflage, right?
Like a camoufleur is a guy who camouflages stuff.
This is something that originates with the French military, I guess to make up from sending everyone to war in red trousers.
And makes its way into all of them sooner or later.
And essentially, artists, mostly painters, but some sculptors as well, are kind of like,
drafted to hide things.
I'm imagining a sort of like, Edith Head type character here, you know?
I mean, some of them got really weird with it.
There was this one camoufleur called Solomon J. Solomon, who believed that camouflage nets had gotten so good,
that the Germans had like, whole secret armies hidden under netting, ready to like, invade France.
Okay, this is just straight up Blackadder shit now.
Yeah.
Blackadder was not a comedy, it was a documentary!
Yeah.
And again, you see, this is like, specialists innovating, right?
And drawing stuff from civilian expertise, whether that's like a hunting hide, or, in particular, like,
of the painters, like, there's some influence from vorticism, which is kind of the, like,
artistic movement that got kind of strangled in its crib by the First World War.
And from cubism as well, to an extent, although that's kind of hotly debated, right?
But this idea of like, of breaking up forms, of like, seeing things from like, different sides,
and using that to conceal things, is absolutely key. And so you find things like counter shading,
and things like disruption, and krypsis, which is what this is, you know, hiding the thing as a tree,
making it their way into military thinking. Go to the next slide, please.
Ironic that the artistic movement, the arts and crafts movement, with the most socialist inspiration,
is the most militarily applicable. Yeah, I mean, as is often the way.
This is things getting fucking weird. This is making camouflage suits, and camouflage is a bit
of like a haram military activity. Like, it's where you stick painters, there is a kind of volunteer
women's reserve camouflage corps, which is, this is a photo of their work.
Any time you have a mass mobilization conflict, where you're mobilizing a huge segment of society,
you gotta find a place to put the weird people, where they'll be productive, and they're not gonna
like, get in the way of things. Yeah.
Yeah. It's gonna be interesting finding out what they do with the podcasters when we start the war with China.
Nothing good.
Doing the fucking USO tour on the Paracel Island.
But yeah, because this is also, to a certain extent, this is feminized labor. Like, a lot of it is sewing,
a lot of it is cutting, like, making clothes, individual clothes, is something that, like,
women can volunteer to do. Particularly camouflage netting, because camouflage netting is boring to make,
it can't be made by machine yet, and you need huge, huge quantities of it to cover stuff from the air.
And it, like... Had to requisition William Morris' whole operation to do this.
I mean, it definitely has that weird vibe. I feel like I'm looking at a still from a snuff film.
It's just, there's so much to unpack in this picture.
Yeah. I mean, I think the thing is that it's a long exposure in which one of the guys moved his
face slightly inside the hood as well, which doesn't help.
Yeah, that's horrifying.
Yeah. Yeah. But you see the basic idea here. This is an early implementation of something
called lozenge camouflage. And again, it's quite vorticist, it's quite cubist, and the deal is you
have a bunch of differently colored blocks, which are separated by, like, thick black lines. And, I mean,
it does break up a shape. Like, we're getting to the basics here. We're getting to, like, disruption,
we're getting to countershading as well. We're getting to what we know today.
Yes. I mean, the principles haven't really changed. Next slide, please.
I love these.
Yeah. So, you can see that this disseminates throughout. It disseminates outwards and
downwards, from specialists trying to, like, do the stuff for, like, special cases, out to
more generalized stuff. And, like, from July 1918, this is when the German military were being ordered
to, like, paint helmets in this kind of lozenge camouflage. You just pick some, like, kind of
neutral colors, and you do, like, blocks, blotches, separated by lines. And you have a mix of light and
dark colors, and it breaks up your silhouette, and that becomes standard. It's still something you
individually have to do by hand. But it's sort of, like, standard procedure, certainly.
These always remind me of, like, tortoise shells or turtle shells.
Yeah.
Getting denied entry into the turtle club in my German helmet. Am I not turtle-y enough for the turtle club?
This is reminding me... You know what this is reminding me of? Is the regulations surrounding
building five of our ones in most of America. You gotta make them blocky, you gotta break up the box.
You gotta use a bunch of materials. They're just doing old-timey camouflage,
so you don't notice there's a huge building there.
Absolutely. Absolutely.
To be fair, the Germans started doing this from July of 1918, so you can kind of tell how much
that helped them, given that the war ended in November.
Yeah, a little late to the bust on that one, I think.
I mean, this is the thing that, like, so much of European history, particularly of leading up to the
Second World War, can be understood by the last few months of the First.
Oh yeah.
This is when they really invent, like, Houthia tactics that are gonna be the basis of a lot of,
like, subsequent maneuver warfare, but also it's where you have a bunch of, like,
disgruntled, soon-to-become fascists. It's not for nothing.
Yeah, like, most of World War I doesn't look very much like World War II,
except for those last few months when you really get the preview of what World War II is gonna look like.
It's also really weird when you look at, like, war memorials and stuff, and you see people who got
killed with, like, two months left to go of the war, and you're like, oh, this is someone who,
like, potentially survived, like, years and years of trench warfare, and was very, very adapted to
that, and then the second it turns into maneuver warfare, someone, like, shoots his head off.
And it's, again, all of this has a political resonance, right?
Only three days from retirement.
Yeah.
And OZAAA!
Also, in particular, like, I mentioned Houthia tactics, I mentioned, like,
the guys who did those things, the guys who did the kind of raids, like, trench raids and maneuver
warfare and stuff, were called stormtroopers, like, storm as in assault. It's not for nothing that an
early, like, fascist, like, Freikorl was called the Stahlhelm, the steel helmet.
In Italy, all of these guys were, like, on the same basis that, like, if you weren't in these kinds
of units, you didn't fight. Like, it was fully a belief amongst these people that, like, they were
the only ones who had, like, had a war. And then that leads, obviously, to the kind of, like,
betrayal, like, myths of betrayal and all of this.
The stab in the back.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then leading to course, as it always does, to rampant anti-Semitism.
Yeah. So, like, all of this stuff has a, like, a strong political valence, and, yeah,
camouflage is a part of that. If we go to the next slide, I'll talk about the fun stuff,
though, which is- Oh, hell yeah!
Boat.
Love this shit.
Boat. I could've put in about a million slides of this, and I'm kind of regretting that I didn't.
So, the problem with ships, right, is that they're very difficult to hide completely.
Particularly because at this point, you know, you have, like, smokestacks, you have, like,
boilers, they're giving off a shitload of smoke that's visible from over the horizon.
And also, it's a big object.
It's very large.
Um, it's like, these things are not easy to hide, and at a certain point, you have the idea,
why hide it, right? Like, what you should do instead is make it difficult to, like, shoot at,
to obtain a firing solution. Because you have to, like, whether it's with guns or with torpedoes,
you need to, like, you need a sort of early mechanical computer to be able to calculate,
like, the thing is this far away, moving in this direction at this speed, where do you aim to hit
the fucking thing? Um, and so if you can mislead your enemy as to what speed the ship is going at,
what direction it's facing in, all the better. And that leads you to this invention of dazzle
camouflage, of which this is a beautiful example.
Oh yeah. And this is what so much of modern warfare is, is really just being,
it is about buying that little bit of extra time so you can shoot first or make the guy miss his
first shot. Whether it's a guy shooting at a guy or a ship shooting at a ship or a plane shooting
a plane, it's about getting that little bit of extra time to basically get one off before him or make
his shot miss.
Yeah. And this is, this is a British invention that was then, like, very, uh, very quickly adopted by the
US as well. And it's a fantastic time for artists because you want to make each ship unique. If you
can, you have this huge canvas and you were just saying to an artist, fucking do some weird shit.
Do some weird shit to this. Yeah.
Get real weird with it. Just get some real crazy. There's some great pictures of, of, of known murderous
ship, the RMS Olympic in dazzle camouflage. Yeah.
The Tiantic's less ill-fated sister. Like, they did this not only to warships, but they did it to
transport ships. They were carrying people and supplies across the ocean as well. They did it to a
lot of shit.
Yeah. And, and this is like explicitly founded on the basis of like, uh,
fucking animals camouflage themselves. Uh, ships should do likewise. Um, and it's, it's sort of
successful. I mean, if nothing else, it's impactful, right?
Yeah. It sticks with us that we're talking about it in, in a podcast like 110 years later.
Yes. Um, it reminds me of the, you know, that, uh, the, the art book that was released, uh,
for Jodorowsky's version of Dune. Oh yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It got some of the same, like, coloring.
Also, both in the First World War and in the Second, this is largely work that's done by women. Like,
the history of this mostly talks about, like, men, and a lot of the, like, scale modeling and
testing and stuff was done by women. Um, this is like, again, because it's, it's stuff that, uh,
like, for the most part is a kind of, like, you know, marginalized activity. Uh, it's like, it's,
it's almost embarrassing to your career navy officer because, you know, it's not like, it's not quite
cricket, you know? Uh, to be, uh, to be painting your ship in, like, various gay colors. Um.
Well, they'd be painting the side of my ship. It's just not on. It's just not on. You have to
have J be able to see it, otherwise it's just not sporting now, is it?
I mean, it would, it would be a tragedy if there was homosexuality in the navy.
I'm only just now hearing about this need time to process.
Speaking of homosexuality, uh, may I have the next slide, please?
Uh. Pink!
Pink. Yeah. I put in a few examples of pink here,
just because I was in a mood for it. Um, so, yeah. As much as it's become important to hide stuff
from aircraft, it's, like, aircraft are not really hiding from the ground or from each other during
the First World War for a long time. Uh, even when they're told to, like, because again, this, like,
individual prestige thing, the stuff that, you know, leads you to the gold helmets back in the day,
leads pilots to this kind of Knights of the Sky stuff. Um.
Well, it's like, so how many of these guys started out as cavalry officers, and how many of them were
aristos? Yeah.
Absolutely.
Come on, guys, I'm the Red Baron. It's supposed to be red.
Yeah, and, like, a lot of these guys get fucking killed on that basis. But, like,
for instance, you can see this German plane here, that, you know, the orders are painted with this,
like, you know, sort of blotchy lozenge camouflage, and clearly what they've done is gone,
okay, cool. Nothing about painting the rest of it in any particular color, so I'm gonna do it in pink,
then, in, like, bright pink. Yeah.
So much of it is, like, recognizing individual pilots through individual or squadron liveries.
And it's something that, like, only really changes at the very end of the war and then afterwards.
Because pilots are gay. And I say this approvingly.
Yeah. You know, I'm thinking about how in Blackadder we never actually saw Lord Flashheart's plane.
Imagining him flying around the pink planes. It's like, yeah, yeah, my plane's big, not because I'm a poof,
but because it attracts the birds. Woof!
If we go to the next slide, I have an example of the kind of inter-war thing.
Oh, this is sick.
This is- this is- it's one of my favorite colors. This is Nevo, Night Invisible Varnish Orphardness.
Because it was invented- Sick acronym, too.
In Orphardness. So the idea is that, like, if you're trying to fly a plane at night and hide it at night,
black isn't the most effective, because it's like, you know, it's too dark. You can still see it.
And so the idea is that you have this kind of grayish, kind of moonlit color.
And that- It's like a very, very, very dark green, almost.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It does! That's what my eyes read it as at first, too. But now when I look at it harder,
I see what November means. It's already tricking the eye.
Yeah. And they tried this interwar. I included as a detail just that, like,
eventually they finally subdued the kind of, like, rampant homosexuality of fighter pilots.
Boo! Bring it back! That's what I'm returning about. Make the fighter pilots more gay again.
Get this focus on the family shit in the US Air Force, get this shit back.
They made them paint their shit normal colors. This didn't end up, like, sticking around,
it wasn't particularly effective as far as anyone could tell. And by the Second World War, generally,
you're painting planes in, like, a much more, like, kind of land camouflage kind of look.
But-
You know, it's interesting that the only way they could get rid of the homosexuality was by making every
single United States Air Force pilot. Just an insane evangelical.
Yeah.
Uh, next slide, please.
See, this is why we have to hope for a mass mobilization,
because then we can at least dilute it by getting some, you know, more, like, gay pilots back in the mix.
Normal people.
If you're listening-
Let all the evangelical guys be in the first wave, get shot down by a bunch of advanced Chinese
surface-to-air missiles, and then we'll call up all the gays and everything will be fine.
So, is our call to the LGBT community to join the Air Force Reserve, then?
Yeah.
Join the Air Force, but don't be the first ones up.
Yes.
So, we have a photo from World War II, and World War II, everyone enters it with, like,
buff, like, khaki, green, or grey, if you're a Nazi, uniforms.
Um, and if you have a reason to hide, then it's up to you to kind of, like, shift for yourself.
Um, failing to learn the lessons of the previous war, can you imagine?
Shocking.
What we have here is a sniper wearing a Denison smock, which was invented for the newly developed
airborne troops, and on the right we have a personally modified example with brushstroke
camouflage, and it's brushstroke in that it is, like, painted with a brush.
This is to pretend you just got run over by a jeep.
It does kind of look like tire shirts.
Yeah.
Actually, my-
Rotate this, rotate in your mind, if you're watching, because this is going to start a long trend of,
basically, all camouflage being, or most camouflage being derivative of an earlier camouflage.
Yes. Yeah. And like I say, this is highly individual.
I also do want to note when I'm talking about the Denison smock, the beaver tail.
Um, this has this-
Yeah.
This jacket has a crotch flap, because it was designed for parachutists.
And parachutists still think this is cool, particularly British ones,
uh, but for some reason the coolness extends even to walking around with a tail.
It has like an unbuttoned sort of crotch flap thing, just turns into a tail.
Us furries have always been around. We've always been here. We'll always be here.
Commissioning us of your fursona with the, like, Denison smock tail.
Why do you need a crotch flap if you're a parachutist?
It stops it coming up over your head when you're parachuting.
Oh, okay, that makes sense.
Oh yeah, that makes sense. I see what you mean.
It comes down around your taint and buckles up in the front.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Which feels like an excellent way for your jacket to give you a wedgie, but, you know...
Uh, yeah, a lot of this gear.
Wow, that's better than going up around your face.
Yeah.
That's true.
I also know this guy wearing a scrimnet as, uh, like, a kind of bandana,
which looks cool as fuck in a, like, weirdly anachronistic 40s way.
Um, but yeah, you can, once again, like, netting is very, very useful for this stuff.
This picture does go pretty damn hard.
Yeah, right?
Uh, this guy's Canadian, I forget his name.
Um, but, uh, yeah.
Uh, and...
So, yeah, you also have a lot of, uh, sort of, like, attempts at, like, unit level camouflage,
but it's on the basis of, like, hiding trucks and stuff.
Like, misdirection.
Right.
This is a particular thing for the British in the Middle East.
We have a whole unit of camouflage out there building, like, stuff like, you know,
dummy pipelines and, like, fake trucks and fake tanks and stuff.
Um, you had to do something during the phony war.
Yeah.
You had to do something for, like, that, basically, like, that nine or ten months
where everyone was wondering, is this actually a war?
Like, okay, Poland's done.
Is this actually going to be a thing?
I guess we got to do something to stay busy.
This was, this was in the kind of, like, lead up to El Alamein and stuff,
so a bit later than that.
But, like, I do, I do, uh, have a line from one of them, which I like, which is, uh,
camouflage men must be among the few otherwise sane beings who yearn to be bombed.
Because they're building all these fake formations and just hoping the Germans are
going to come over and bomb them instead of the real ones.
Um.
I'll hit you, motherfucker.
Come on!
There are lots of weird characters, because again, this is largely a question of where you
put the weirdos during wartime.
Um.
Again, mass mobilization.
In America, we just put all the Hollywood types into, like, the units that did, like,
all the deception shit for D-Day.
You know?
Flating tanks.
First US Army group.
Exactly.
That shit's great.
Yeah.
Uh, there is one particular guy who's a stage magician called Jasper Maskelin.
Incredible name.
Name alert!
Yeah, very weird dude.
Um, and he was, like, this kind of serial liar and fabulous, as you might expect the stage magician
to be, who, like, did his memoirs along the lines of,
I personally saved, you know, Montgomery, Adele Alamein, by inventing all this shit.
And, uh, it had this kind of brief flurry of revisionist history in the, like, 2000s,
where it's like, yo, this crazy story of this magician, and it turned out, like, not to be true.
Substantially.
It sounds less like a magician's stage name, and it sounds better, like, a better, like,
drag queen stage name, honestly, looking at the way in the notes here.
Jasper Maskelin is a drag king stage name.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Jasper Maskelin looks like the guy on the left.
Exactly, I thought this was Jasper Maskelin.
Jasper Maskelin with the enemy.
You could do some great bits.
As, like, a stage magician fighting the Nazis, today I'm gonna saw this Nazi in half.
But, like, you actually do that.
You put him in a box, you stick the swords in, and they aren't props that sort.
But yeah, so, again, like...
We're gonna make this Nazi disappear.
And, I don't know, you do the prestige to him.
You do the prestige just to do it to Nazis.
Yeah.
No duplicating machine.
It's very funny to, like, camouflage in the second world war being a thing that, like,
it's one of those ideas that has to be invented so many times, and, like, have its usefulness proven so
many times before, like, individual senior officers who, like, went through the first world war,
to be like, yeah, this is a good idea, I guess, we should do it.
It's like, I don't-
Right.
It's a kind of organizational amnesia in every army.
Well, part of this is, like, certain times, like, you saw this with Vietnam,
though, I mean, you know my stance on counterinsurgency, the best thing you can do is not do it,
but, but basically, so many American officers were traumatized by Vietnam, they just wanted
to expunge it from their brains.
And I can understand that for a lot of people coming out of World War I.
Hmm.
Uh, next slide, please.
Yeah.
Okay.
There we are.
So we got to see what the Nazis were up to, and, uh, as well as the Soviets.
Getting sold in half.
Yeah, getting sold.
Well, they weren't getting sold in half, but, or getting the prestige done to them.
During the interwar period, they were starting, we were, like,
November has been talking about, we're getting closer to camouflage becoming more of a,
after many false starts, more of a thing that actually is getting standard issue.
And while they didn't have standard issue camouflage clothing yet, and that was still
far off, they had a little item here called, uh, the Zeltfahn.
I'm probably butchering that, but I don't care.
Of course not.
It's, it's germo speak.
Um, you know, if they want me to speak it, they should win a war.
Um, but, no, I don't want them to.
But basically, this is like a multi-purpose sort of, um, piece of cloth that is used,
like, primarily as a shelter, like making a tent or, or lean to, but you could turn it into a poncho,
which is demonstrated by the German upright, uh, who's T-posing to assert dominance.
He's going to, he's going to do, uh, uh, take some peyote and do some spirituality, you know?
He does look like he's ready to go to burning, man.
Yeah.
But this was used, issued throughout the war.
It's kind of like the fascist version of a whoopee in a lot of ways.
Uh, if you're familiar with that with the U.S. military, but, but.
Oh, they're doing fucking streetwear Zeltfahn and it's like, you know, drop shipping from China.
I could have made like a di- a slide purely just to these diagrams, because they're so inscrutable.
Like the ones down the left, like you can wear it standing.
You can wear it standing next to a horse. You can even wear it standing next to a bike.
And you can have it with one leg sticking out.
Like it's just a disembodied leg sticking out of that one at the top right.
It's like, what is going on there?
It's cool. I wouldn't worry about it.
I, I should also say that the first country to like do printed camouflage on a shelter half like
this with the Italians, uh, with, uh, with Telomimeticon in, uh, 1929.
Again, it didn't really catch on like, again, nor so for the Germans.
So much. Uh, like you can use it as this kind of poncho, uh, like, or half of the tent or whatever.
But in general, like no one thinks for a long time about like, we should just put this on the clothes.
Yeah. That's still a ways off though.
You, you can also see a pattern that'll come back here in terms of, of splitter,
which was the primary, uh, pattern printed on these.
And then the Soviets, and this came up more later on when the war was really underway.
Again, like we're not getting to the point where armies are issuing regular clothing with camo on
it, but you get over suits or, uh, things you wear over your regular clothing.
And this is just two examples of many, many, many, many, many different variations.
They had like different, like, these are two basic patterns, but they came in different colors for
season or foliage. I don't know what the one on the left is called. I know the one the right's
referred to as amoeba. I don't know if you know much more about these than I do November.
I was about to say amoeba, but I don't know the one on the left. Um, but yeah, there's,
there's like a bunch of variations of these and also like freely stealing each other's. Like,
there's a bunch of Soviet camouflage, which is just like, uh, like Nazi camouflage that they've
re-adapted. Like a lot of, like I said, a lot of camouflage is just stealing or, or modifying.
Occasionally someone comes up with something new, but a lot of it is just stealing one idea
and tweaking it. And these are some of these things for like so much in the Soviet army in
world war II where they weren't standard issue. There's one of those things like they're not
standing issue, but they still make like a million of them because they have so many men under arms.
More boutique run of like one to two million. Exactly. It's, it may not be standard issue,
but it's widely issued. I think that's next slide, please. Gotcha. So yeah. So, so again,
it's, so this is where we actually, in the, in the case of the Marines in the middle here,
this is where, again, it's not standard issue, but we're starting to get the point where someone's at
least going, maybe we should just print this on the clothes instead of wearing it over the clothes.
I mean, Marines had like, because they were so, such a relatively small arm at the start of the
war, and also like, completely entrusted with infantry stuff in the Pacific, ended up with like,
there was so much politics there. Like, I was reading about the Marine Raiders, right? And just like,
letting a Marine general who was basically a crypto-communist invent special forces for the
Marine Corps, because like, FDR's son liked him, and FDR's son had been like, please let me be a
Marine officer when the war started. There's, there's so much crazy that shit. I, I, I could tell
stories just about how many guys who fought for the international brigades ended up in the OSS.
Um, but, but like, yeah, like the Germans are still kind of doing a wear over thing. Like they have
like tops or ponchos or stuff, not unlike the Soviets. Uh, the SS was really into this, didn't help
them win scoreboard. Um, but one thing we are starting to see get more commonly issued are
helmet covers, example on this M1 helmet and style hem on the left. This is starts where this is the
foot in the door, the veritable foot in the door of camouflage becoming standard issue is issuing
these more widely because well, even if you're not willing to give everyone camouflage like suits or
clothing, their head is the thing that's always going to be the most visible. You might as well give
them something to make that be more broken up. And after world war two, like you see the Marine
wearing a, um, I believe this is called officially called frog skin though. It's later called duck
hunter for reasons we'll get into. Uh, they, they, they, they issue these during the war and then
kind of forget about them after it's also reversible. There's two patterns. Oh yeah. You can see the
pattern almost like desert on the middle. A lot of these patterns are reversible. It's supposed to be
jungle and beach and they found it too light in color for either. Like it still makes you stand
out. Um, also I do want to note in this helmet cover on the top left, you see a bunch of like
buttonhole looking things. Again, we're back to scrimming. This is like to insert foliage and stuff
into. If you want to have a bunch of leaves on your helmet to break up your silverware even more,
blend in, you just stick them in there. While the Marines get rid of like the uniforms
after world war II, they, I guess they ate too many crayons or, or, or something, but yeah,
the helmet covers stick around, uh, because, and that remains the foot in the door that leads us
back eventually to everybody getting camouflage, even though they kind of gave up on this after
the war was over. It's weird seeing like Marines in Korea and stuff where they're wearing like,
uh, like olive drab and camouflage helmet covers like exclusively. And that's, that's like the,
the vibe for a long time before really deep into Vietnam is most us soldiers and Marines,
they'd wear like an olive drab uniform. And then they would have a helmet color, uh, cover either
with this or something called the Mitchell pattern, which I don't have a picture of, but, uh, baby steps,
baby steps, you know, just put in the door of the military industrial complex.
I really liked that the guy in the Nazi uniform looks very much like, uh, Jeremy from peep show.
And that like, where he's with that Nazi when they're doing the reenactment and he realizes he's actually
a Nazi. It does look like that. Are we the baddies?
The, the sort of cunty elasticated waist as well.
I think the Poles like to use, steal these and use these in the resistance during the Warsaw uprising.
There is nothing that the Poles did during the kind of, uh, Warsaw uprising that I think isn't cool,
is the thing. This is true. This is true. I think that's all I had here.
Alright. Uh, so, we also- Boats again!
Yeah, we're continuing with boat camouflage. Um, and to be honest, it's pretty much only the
Americans in the Pacific who are still fucking around with naval camouflage. Um, and mostly this
takes the form of different colors to like paint everything overall. Um, like, uh, for instance,
um, measure 21. They had a whole list of like, uh, like, naval camouflage measures. Um, of which you
can see three here. Measure 21 is, uh, the top right, which is paint all of it blue. Um, which didn't work
very well. Uh, they tried- It's more black. It's like the black pearl in World War II.
They had a black one. Measure 4. Measure 4 was painting the whole ship black to create a goth ship,
and that didn't work very well either. Um.
That phase when you will never have a goth ship girlfriend.
Ah, I know. Um, ultimately, ultimately, uh, they alighted on measure 21, painted all blue,
um, because none of the camouflage ones worked very well. I do want to highlight measure five,
at the top left, has a false bow wave. Yeah, I like this one. This is fun.
This- the idea with this is that it's the same principle as Dazzle Camouflage, where you're intending
to be like, misdirecting about speed, but this is the bow wave that you would see were the ship going
much faster than it is. Um.
Oh, okay. I see it now. Initially, when I looked at it, it just looked like there was like a salt
crust left on the ship. I was gonna say like, big stream of jizz, but yeah, sure.
Same principle. Um.
Uh, and yeah, ultimately, they'd kind of give up and go back to the thing that's standard for
almost all ships now, which is just paint it grey, because it doesn't matter. Um,
it's fine. Next slide, please. Yeah.
Nazcachie Asan name.
Yeah. I see a Dazzle Shift and I want to paint it grey. Um.
So, for the most part, aircraft camouflage is like mostly land-based, uh, like land camouflage,
and maybe you have like a sky blue on the underside. Uh, but this- pink Spitfire, my beloved.
Um, this is a photographic reconnaissance unit, Spitfire.
Oh, hell yeah.
The fucking PRU stuff is like wild. They had a wild war of just like, you know,
flying over whatever Nazi military installation at like, incredibly fast, incredibly low,
like with a camera hanging out at the bottom.
And this is the lineage of when we did the F-104 episode, we talked about those
two Pakistani air force guys and the F-104 doing the recon mission. I mean, basically,
that's the- they're spiritually the descendants of this shit.
Aerial reconnaissance. An incredibly cool job, largely made obsolete by satellites.
It sucks.
You know how the RAF will occasionally do the heritage patterns and they'll do the tornado
and like the Battle of Britain pattern, which is sick, and they should just do that regular.
They need to do a heritage thing when they do a tornado in the pink Spitfire camo.
Ugh.
Just peanut pink.
Absolutely. Um, this is intended for photographic reconnaissance at like, low level,
done at dawn or dusk. And on that basis, somebody decided,
you know what's probably going to work really well is pink. And by all accounts it did,
but it's also kind of a prestige thing as well, to be like, look at this weird shit we're doing.
And-
Now I get the pink plane.
Yeah.
Look at me.
I'm the last gay man in the air force.
This is Lord Flashheart, like, the third.
Yeah.
Wolf!
Speaking of pink, if we go to the next slide, we have a similar experience in North Africa again,
where we discover that pink blends very well with sand. Like, better than a lot of browns do,
to be honest. And so, even into like, the Gulf War, like, British Special Forces were still painting
vehicles pink for desert environments.
I think they used these in Oman as well, during the Dofar War, which is one of those little,
lesser known, at least to know if you're not in the UK and not a military enthusiast,
one of those lesser known, obscure, but still significant Cold War sort of proxy conflicts.
Yeah. But like, real, like, LRDG shit, the like, big Land Rover with like,
infinity guns attached to it.
And infinity pouches.
This guy's gonna have a hard time driving with a black bar in front of his eyes.
A bit of an impediment.
Yeah.
A bit of an impediment.
You know, this is just what they do in the SAS, like, they put that over your eyes,
so you have to learn to drive with it on, you know?
It's just part of making you harder, more elite.
It's like the Green Beret, except they like, solemnly, like, award you the kind of black bar
over the eyes, yeah.
Uh, next slide, please.
Alright, so now we're getting into...
Camouflage got its foot in the door at the end of World War II, and now it's starting to
become more widely disseminated.
Uh, cause like, if you're still like, at this point, early Cold War, if you're still just a grunt
in some like, large army, you're probably still wearing a flat color, you're still wearing an olive
drab or a khaki or something like that.
Mm.
But you are starting to see camouflage just printed on clothing, though typically you're only
gonna get it if you're a very special boy.
Uh, one example being, I think most of these here,
the French Foreign Legion, which were sent off to a variety of different sort of,
post-World War II colonial revolutionary conflicts.
The specialist and most, uh, politically problematic boys.
Uh, yes.
Yeah, we're talking about French Foreign Legion, Portuguese.
Do not ask where all of these like, German-speaking, supposedly Swiss foreign legionnaires came from,
in the years 1945 to 1960.
Yeah.
How many guys at Dien Bin Fu were in the Waffen SS beforehand?
Who's to say?
Who's to say?
It's impossible to say.
Why worry?
Uh, yeah.
But, uh, but so on one hand, you see old patterns being recycled.
Uh, on the right, you see someone in the frog skin pattern, which at this point is better known as
Duck Hunter.
The reason being when the Marines ate too many crayons and decided they didn't like it,
a lot of them got introduced into the surplus market where they were purchased primarily by
hunters, particularly duck hunters.
Hence why the pattern's now commonly known as the Duck Hunter camo.
But the French bought a bunch of it too, and, and issued it out to soldiers deployed in their various
conflicts to desperately hold on to their empire and relevance after World War II.
Uh, uh, Canar Chasseur, you know, Duck Hunter.
Yeah.
And, and, and then what you see on the other two sides here is a further continuation of the
denizen smock pattern, the brushstroke, which became known as lizard, which I think was partly
the French and partly the Portuguese, both of which were engaged in pointless colonial wars.
But, uh, this is further continuing a pattern that would, would continue to go on.
I think the left one is supposed to be Algeria and the middle is in, uh,
Indochina.
Hmm.
You know, who really loves lizard camouflage is the Greeks.
I think they might even still use it.
I believe you're right.
I think they have a modern variation of it, but they do still use some variation of lizard.
Lizard and brushstroke spawn a whole variety of different, again, it's, it's all just variations
and, and various copies, but the sort of post-colonial wars in, in, or in Africa or the,
the decolonization wars in Africa and Asia and elsewhere post-World War II is where you really
start to see camouflage clothing become more widespread and more widely used starts a boom
that would go on throughout the Vietnam war.
I like the middle guys like scarf.
It's very, uh, very cute.
Very stylish.
I think, oh, but, but there is another variation of lizard that is spawned that we're probably
familiar with from the very first time you had me on next slide please.
These motherfuckers.
Remember these motherfuckers?
Oh boy.
Remember these motherfuckers?
Wow.
Yeah.
Nah, that was when we had Jordan Peterson on, so I can't remember.
Yeah, we had Jordan.
I was not there.
I was not there.
Up you's ears, folk, Marlis.
We'll see who camouflages who.
Yeah.
British colony in a hurry to disassociate itself from like British camouflage as well.
Um, and so something that is DPM-ish, but not DPM.
Um.
But, uh, yeah, these, the, this is just another variation of the Denison Smock lizard camo
that's just slightly altered and now is the preferred jack off material of all the worst
people on the internet.
Yeah, this is, this is Rhodesian brushstroke.
Uh, if you want to, uh, sort of a gun tuber who, uh, like has some insane social views will
sell you some overpriced dropships, uh, like shorts or something.
Uh, and that's, um, I think it looks ugly as sin and also it, uh, should be tainted with
the stench of defeat in the same way that all of the, uh, the SS stuff should be.
Scoreboard.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
You also have the, the, the baby poop camo and that guy's Uzi.
And it's like, where'd you get that Uzi from?
Who sold that to you?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah.
Interesting questions.
I was, uh, I was Carl.
This guy, Carl.
With a K.
Where was that manufactured?
What country made that?
Yeah.
Well, who's to say, uh, yeah, no longer exists.
Yeah.
It's East and West right now.
But, uh, yeah, long story short, a loser camouflage for loser people.
Next slide, please.
Absolutely.
All right.
So, uh, basically we're in this, this state of inconsistency, um, despite, uh, the Marines
having started using camouflage and then forgotten to keep using camouflage, um, the
US goes to Vietnam, it goes to Vietnam in olive drab uniforms, um, and stays that way basically
until the middle of the war.
Um, the Soviet Union, as far as I remember, basically never issued a camouflage uniform,
because I think VSR was Russian Federation, like 92.
Certainly they invaded Afghanistan wearing just brown.
I think they had some in the eighties, but they were only issued to like the VDV basically.
If you were just a motor rifleman or something like that, you were, you were just getting like
the oversuits and not everyone got them all the time.
But I think the VDV had some in the eighties, but they weren't wearing them in Afghanistan.
Cause you just, you just wore the, the khaki.
So, so various attempts to try it in Vietnam once they realized that like,
it might be a good idea to have some camouflage.
Um, we have some, some more Duck Hunter on the left.
Um, but then the guys on the right, we have, uh, Tiger Stripe.
Uh, which was originally like, it's kind of like, a bit like Lizard, sometimes hand painted.
It's, it's, it's another descendant of Lizard, because the French
wore extensively during their part of Vietnam, uh, after they left the South Vietnamese kept
using it and they actually developed this as their own local variant.
And the reason the U S caught onto this is when the first troops were sent their green berets,
you know, advisors in counterinsurgency, they have special forces have a lot more leeway
and what they can wear and use for clothing and weapons.
So they just started using what the local guys were wearing.
And it just caught on from there.
I also think it helps that Tiger Stripe is a cooler name for it because it is a sick name.
It's better compared to Lizard.
And that's coming from a guy that has like a scaly fursona.
Yeah.
November, you said it's hand painted.
Like, how are they manufacturing this?
Oh, I mean, it's like, you can, you can, if you want, just like,
paint over stuff in the same way that we did with the Denison smock.
Uh, once this is commercially manufactured, you're just printing this.
Yeah, this is all just printed at this point.
The Denison stuff, that was, yeah, that was painted on.
Now we're into mass production.
So it looks like that guy's on the right has like some, some ping pong balls or something
in his hand.
Are they going to play beer pong after this?
Oh wait, no, I think those are 40 mic mic rounds.
Yeah, they are.
But like, I had the exact same thought process.
I was like, is that guy holding like two lemons?
And then I went, oh, he's holding rounds for the M79.
Yeah.
And then on the right here, we have ERDL camo, which, which I've forgotten.
It stands for the engineer research and development laboratories, which made it.
But this is the camouflage.
Yeah.
This, this might look familiar to some of you.
This, this will come into play later, but this was actually developed in 1948, but wasn't used
until Vietnam.
The Marines started using it basically standard from like 1968 on in theater.
But I put it here because this will, this will show up later in the presentation for, you know,
some of you probably know already, but it's like two slides time.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Pretty much.
Yeah.
But this is where the U S starts to really, it goes from not using a ton of camouflage
to using a lot of camouflage.
And I feel like this combined with all these colonial wars in the sixties, this is where sort of the
bow wave breaks a camouflage where everyone starts to realize, okay, maybe this is just a thing
everybody should have.
After the like sixtieth time that the trees start speaking Vietnamese, you go, I, I should probably not
be wearing a little drab for this.
But was the bow wave itself camouflage?
The bow wave crashing down, but it's wearing camouflage to make it look like the land.
I also do want to note that like tiger stripe is so cool that people keep trying to reinvent it,
and keep trying to make it happen as like a practical thing.
It hasn't been for a long time, but people keep trying, and we'll get to some of this.
And you will see the worst excesses of this in a few slides.
Yes.
Next slide, please.
So, right.
After Vietnam, the US is like, okay, okay, this camouflage thing, it seems like a good idea.
We should probably just give it to everybody.
We need to come up with some new uniforms anyway, but they need to decide what it's going to be.
So throughout the seventies, they start, you know, playing around with some shit.
And in the process, we get a, I guess this would be a chilling portent of things to come.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Satan whispers in the United States Army's ear.
Yeah.
This is called the computer.
And they get a, they turn and like sort of arch around looking around, no one's there and going,
what's the computer?
Yeah.
Yeah.
But this is called dual text.
And this is an early form of digital camouflage or digitized or pixelated camouflage.
They played around with this on paper.
They made some examples for some reason.
I found searching for this, this pattern, they had different color variations.
Someone picked this up like a drop shipper and has put it on like furniture and like clothing you
can buy, which is hence why LeBron James is wearing it for some reason.
Many, many such cases.
I have a thing about that.
They also played around with it on vehicles.
You can see an M60A1 patent using it up top.
Uh, but in the end they decided this wasn't for them.
They did, they resisted Satan's advances, uh, for this time at least, and decided to just
go with something they had on hand and tweak it, which is how we end up with next slide, please.
Uh, we're in the salad years.
This is the really good shit.
Yeah.
Uh, so, what we see here in the middle, uh, in the kind of future war picture that I got,
because I tried to get the goofiest picture I could of this.
I love this picture.
This is M81 woodland, sometimes affectionately called God's Plaid.
Um, every branch of the US military used this for a number of decades.
Approximately 20 trillion pieces of clothing have been manufactured in this.
Uh, like, it's still the kind of, like, if you say camouflage, I think most people picture this still.
Pretty much.
Yeah.
And, yeah.
Yeah, this is, this is basically, I, I ported out the ERDL camo earlier.
What they did was basically take that pattern, they made the splotches a bit bigger,
and they tweaked the color a little bit to more closely match, uh, Central Europe,
because that was the primary area where the US military planned on fighting a war with the Soviet Union.
Going around the folder gap with the Photoshop, like, um, like pipette color selected.
Yes.
So they did come up with a desert version, six colored desert.
You have, well, it's not actually the same version.
It's a different camouflage, but that was primarily because the second most likely place they planned on
fighting a war with the Soviet Union was the Middle East, because there was a real worry in the late
70s and 80s after the Iranian Revolution that the Soviets might just take advantage of the chaos in
Iran or the Iran-Rak War and just fucking invade.
So, I mean, there was the whole, like, four, three or four divisions that were ready to deploy to the
Middle East if need be, and so they needed desert camouflage, and this is what ended up getting used
in the first Gulf War, 1990, 1991, and things of this nature.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, these two photos, I got-
And in the movie Three Kings.
Oh, yes, Three Kings.
The-
God, that is such a film of its time.
Yeah.
It's such a George Clooney film.
Yeah.
Um, also, these two Woodland pictures, you have the prototype in the top left from, like,
the late 70s, and then you have the guy with the prototype OICW in the middle.
These are two of my favorite types of photos, which are, I was voluntold to do this photos.
Yeah.
The sergeant, you're working, like, at, like, US, like, Army Materio Command.
You're just, like, an E-4 in the typing pool, and this first sergeant comes in,
and is like, I need a volunteer for a photoshoot, and looks directly at you.
And you're like, shit.
And you can tell, like, especially this guy in the middle is just, like, thinking, what time are the bars open?
How much longer do I have to do this?
I also include, on the right here, an example of M81 Woodland's better, sexier cousin.
DPM, Disruptive Pattern Material.
This is the British effort at the same thing.
And it looks about a billion times better.
They've been clearly over the same ground in Central Europe with the, like, Photoshop, like,
color selector.
But it has more of a kind of brushstroke aspect to it, and I really like the kind of...
The color grading is a bit off on this picture, it looks slightly yellow than this in real life,
it looks more green.
It fades down really nicely. There are a couple of, like, a couple of patterns of this.
There's 68, and I don't remember when the other one was.
The British were actually a little bit ahead of the game on this.
Yeah.
They were one of the first ones in, like, the 60s or 70s to actually issue camouflage just to, like, the grunts.
Yeah, I mean, Northern Ireland was a big part of that as well.
But, yeah, you see this whole, like, CS95 clothing system.
I think it looks really good is the main thing.
This is still, like...
I like M81, but I will admit I think Woodland DPM is superior as much as that pains me to say that as an American.
The British did do something right here.
Also, this guy, I forget his name, he has a Deviant account, and he has, like,
50 million photos of him in different uniforms from different time periods.
Like, it's insane.
It's always tough to see someone else living your dreams, you know?
There is a desert DPM, which is the same thing in, like, basically the US six color desert colors,
but same pattern.
But this is the real, like, salad days, right?
This is the period where, like, every country has a unique camouflage,
it's developed for its own requirements, it's, like, characteristic of the country, kind of,
and typically you have, like, a woodland one and a desert one, and that's all you need,
it's all you're ever going to need, and everything is chill.
You know, you're in West Germany, you're doing, like, not very much actual military work,
you're drinking a lot, and everything is going to be fine forever.
I am looking at that OICW prototype and thinking,
did I have to have me back?
We could do a whole presentation just on all the attempts to replace the M16 since, like,
the moment it was adopted. Just being among them.
Absolutely. Yeah.
All right, next slide, please.
The Ruskies.
The Ruskies. The Ruskies are still doing oversuits,
and I include my two favorite patterns.
These are a KLMK or Bereska, like a birch, like a silver birch, on the left,
and on the right this is called Partizan.
Don't tell anyone, but Partizan is a barely changed SS design.
Oh, wrong kind of Partizan.
Yeah.
Well, I think the idea is that, like, it's something that you steal off of the SS after you kill them.
But, even so, you're not allowed to find any Russian stuff cool anymore, because of the horrors.
And when the second invasion of Ukraine started, I had to throw out enough Russian uniform to outfit
a division out of my fucking house, and yes, I am still mad about it.
Like, I-
You should have just put it in a box labeled,
Do not open until invasion is over.
Or you could have put it in a box that said,
Do not open until second Russian Civil War.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure.
Like, the fit that you want to see in the course of overthrowing Putin.
But then, it would be fair when they- when, um, um, uh, fucking-
Oh, Jesus Christ.
The hot dog guy who did the coup got killed-
Oh, fucking Purgosian.
Purgosian, thank you.
Evgeny Purgosian.
When Purgosian, like, did his coup, pretty dripless, all things considered.
So, even then.
Yeah, they just kind of looked like-
They just kind of looked like any other old dipshits.
Yeah, yeah.
A KLMK jumpsuit, if anyone's ever played the original ARMA, the original Operation Flashpoint,
all the Soviet troops in that game were wearing these over suits.
It's also a fantastic streetwear fit.
And, uh, like, again, putting- putting in box, labeling that box open when Ukraine liberated.
And when Putin, like, on war crimes trial in The Hague.
Um, but yeah, no, I- I- I like this stuff.
And again, I think it's- it's of a time, which was the kind of mid to late Cold War,
when it's like, everybody kind of knew that they weren't gonna have to do any serious fighting,
uh, because, you know, everyone just get nuked in five minutes anyway.
Uh, and so you just- you fuck around, invent new camouflage patterns, and have fun with it.
I think that's part of the reason the US kind of forgot about camouflage right after World War II,
because they just had 50 million nuclear bombs and no one else did.
So, like, I mean, the US Army, basically, for the entire 50s, adopted its doctrine that basically,
like, we'll drop a nuke, and then we'll just drive through the hole at blasts.
Yeah.
Uh, next slide, please.
Um, we have here in the foreground a guy who looks, uh, what- did you-
Wait, wait, hold on.
Yeah.
One, two, one, too many.
Yeah.
Oh, oh.
I feel like you're missing a slide.
Oh, there is- there is definitely a slide missing here.
There seems to be a slide in between with November's favorite.
It was gonna be a thing about Strichton, which is the, like, East German raindrop camouflage.
It's definitely there.
I'm looking at the presentation, right- oh, what the hell?
Okay.
That's probably my fault.
I probably put something in there that broke it.
Oh.
Oh, something happened here.
I wouldn't worry.
Two of the images are black.
I still wouldn't worry.
Yeah, I wouldn't worry about it.
Like, well, we could just see it right here, but we-
Yeah, that's fine.
No, that's-
It's fine.
It's not important.
I'll skip over it.
If we go to the next, next slide.
The next, next slide.
Alright, we can cut back in here.
And, yeah, basically every country just invents 50 new kinds of camouflage based on whim and
situation and all of this, and I really like this.
We have here, from left to right, we have Irish DPM,
which is this beautiful, beautiful combination of colors.
That kind of russet color, you don't really see on much else.
In the middle we have Swiss Alpenflage, and on the right we have German- well,
West German and then German Flechtan, with that kind of like dark blue petrol color.
Yeah, who invented that pattern, motherfucker?
Yeah, I mean, listen.
Guy wearing this and a Stahlhelm being like,
I don't know what you're talking about.
This is brand new after 1948.
Everything is fine.
But yeah, so all of these are quite visually striking.
They're tailored to the kind of imagined operating environments.
Like the fucking Irish defense forces aren't likely to be fighting anywhere other than Ireland,
and so the palette looks like Ireland.
It has the kind of same mixture of like colors.
Likewise, the Swiss one looks like their most probable battleground, which is a big bowl of muesli.
Yes.
The salad bar at a pizza hut in the 1990s.
God, that's a very vivid description.
Just all that kale-
I can totally see it.
All that kale just wilting under the heat lamps.
Just finding your way through the 90s pizza hut with all the red plastic cups and everything.
This is- you're writing the next Call of Duty Black Ops right now.
Oh, Jesus.
And yeah, this allows a lot of flexibility and a lot of uniqueness and characterization,
which I value as someone who like is interested in this stuff.
It's not really a great deal for the militaries in question,
and this is usually a good way of getting some corruption done on the quiet as well.
Because like if you have to have your own whole procurement process and design process and stuff.
And everyone has-
It's also a source of national pride.
Yeah.
It's just like, man, we're not going to buy it from someone else.
We can come up with our own.
We're smart people.
Absolutely.
This will not last.
Next slide, please.
Speaking of very smart people.
Yeah.
Next slide.
This is the dark mirror of that same thing.
This is the most likely battleground for the Belgian military, which is some kind of like-
A toy box?
Yeah.
It's a- well, you've got ketchup, you've got mustard, you've got-
This must be some kind of, I don't know.
Fighting a war at the hot dog stand?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just really like horrible.
I don't know what the black is in this case.
It looks like-
Oh, going on the fries.
Like a diseased pizza.
Maybe it's like, you know, malt vinegar for fries if you're into that sort of thing.
This looks like a camouflage you'd invent for like a dictator in a film.
I didn't even add slides on fictional camouflages.
I could have gone for ten slides on that.
Yeah, this is from like Street Fighter, yeah.
It's like a Super Mario-ass camouflage.
The Belchins- yeah.
The Belchins were still using this until like last year or whatever.
It's fucking horrible.
Yeah, they only just recently switched to multicam.
Like that picture on the right is not that-
Look at these fishing fests.
Yeah, it's real bad.
What is going on?
Like they're wearing like two completely different berets.
Like the guy on the right has like a normal beret.
The guy on the left looks like he's eating fucking Eta.
You would think if it was the Belgians, you know, and they were going for condiment-based
camouflage, there'd be more mayonnaise.
You would hope, yeah.
It's just got a little streak of-
A single drop of mayonnaise.
A little like sort of cum looking streaks of white in there, you know?
I guess so, yeah.
I guess the yellow bits are kind of reminiscent of like a Belgian beer.
I guess.
Uh, Belgium, stop it.
Like, do like the Netherlands.
The Netherlands just kept British DPM.
They just took it from us.
Or I have a better advice for Belgium.
Just stop being.
Just stop being.
Yeah, just divide yourself up.
France, Netherlands, make everyone's lives better.
Yeah.
Next slide, please.
Strange, strange, depraved things happen in Sweden.
Best not to investigate.
Next slide, please.
This is the second episode in a row of reference, Mia.
I love Mia.
Mia Mulder, the Swedish politician?
Yeah.
The Swedish Socialist Party politician?
Is it Labour Party?
Not sure.
Anyway, yeah, we're all very proud of her.
This is this is like another kind of situational one.
This is something that the the Berlin Brigade of the British Army developed because Berlin is, you know,
like parts of it were occupied by the Allies, even though it's deep inside East Germany.
And so the Berlin Brigade was going to get like encircled and destroyed in urban combat very, very quickly.
The second the Cold War went hot.
Yeah.
They were basically there as sacrificial lambs.
Yeah.
But so determining to sell their lives as dearly as possible, one of the things that was invented,
that they invented, like, you know, for themselves, was this kind of like blocky, like urban camouflage, which looks weird as hell on this Land Rover.
But if you look at the tank on the right, it works pretty well.
Yeah.
And like, this is the thing, like, one over senior officers, largely on the basis of being painted on tanks,
because they couldn't fucking see the thing.
And, you know, there is the story of them being inspected and being like, okay, well, where is your fucking tank, really?
And having to have them like actually move it so it could be seen.
Dudes rock.
This is just a presentation of many instances of dudes rocking.
Yes, absolutely.
Weirdly, the Soviet Berlin Brigade also did this, even though they don't really need to.
So there's a bunch of photos of like T-72s and stuff painted up in these kind of like rust colored squares.
The Americans didn't bother, but they just knew they were going to nuke everything.
Yeah.
It's like you're sitting in your office at checkpoint, Charlie, and you're like, I don't need this shit.
I really like Berlin Brigade camouflage, but it does represent Satan whispering once again.
And what Satan whispers is the concept of squares.
The squares are coming, dark on the horizon.
Also, now, you can also, they have a Berlin Brigade army deck in Warno, and you can get tanks.
Shit!
Really?
Okay.
Well, time to- It's finally out of early access.
Time to install that, then.
I've had it sitting on the to-do list for ages.
Uh, next slide, please.
I have a screenshot from Generation Kill here, because it exemplifies the thing.
So.
Despite having built up all this like desert uniform,
when war comes to the Middle East, nobody is prepared for it.
As Donald Rumsfeld said, you go to war with the army you have, not the army you want.
Yes.
And so invading Iraq, and particularly Afghanistan even,
you get this weird mix of desert and woodland and drab, just because it's what there is.
So, like, generally speaking, the US and the UK were able to issue desert camouflage uniforms,
but body armour covers were like almost all woodland.
And then things like the pouches you can see are just like black or like khaki.
Also there was the nuclear biological chemical suits-
Yes.
Mop suits!
Which they were given almost entirely-
Yeah, mop suits were given almost entirely in woodland camouflage.
Just wear this like woodland camouflage rubber fetish gear in like, you know, Arabian desert weather.
It's a miracle more guys didn't die from heat stroke. It's really quite remarkable.
The whole desert shield thing is so fucking funny to me. I did a tweet about this, but it's like,
yeah, just go ahead and get into your like woodland camouflage rubber fetish suit,
get like 50 injections of experimental nerve gas antidotes,
and then stand in this big cloud of paint as we repaint all the vehicles.
This will not affect your health later in life.
I mean, the only thing that makes desert shield weirder is doing that and then being one of the
British troops there, because then you have the added things of being British. Like I watched this
documentary that was just about the desert shield part of things, and this one general,
the most posh-o aristo general you could think of.
Oh, jeez. Was it Cepisa de la Bilire by any chance?
I think it was, talking about how he doesn't- didn't like the idea of troops being able to phone,
home because it just made them more likely to hear about problems or find out their wife was
cheating and say, much better just to have them let him- that is much more control that way to say.
Yeah.
But we actually noticed the camouflage here is different to the one earlier, the six-colored
desert, because this was adopted in the 90s, because the six-colored desert, while I think looks cooler,
was not that effective in sort of more of the Arabian desert, because the six-colored desert was
actually designed more for higher, rockier elevations. It was basically designed to invade Iran.
This is more designed to invade an Arabian country.
Yes. Yeah. And ultimately, particularly in Afghanistan, one of the things that people
realize is that- wait a second, these desert countries aren't all desert, right?
Yeah, yeah. You get around the Tigris and Euphrates, there's a lot of foliage there.
Yeah, you have green zones, not just in the sense of security, but in the sense of like,
this is an area that is literally green, because it's got trees and water and stuff. And then above
it- Excuse me, it's the Fertile Crescent for a reason.
Yeah. Yeah.
So you have this quite abrupt transition from mostly green areas to mostly brown areas,
and if you're kind of fighting in that transitional thing, then you end up with this weird situation
where some of your camouflage matches and some of it doesn't if you're wearing mixed outfits.
I should also say, this situation of mixing camouflage patterns is something that was in
vogue amongst special forces as well, particularly, like deliberately on that basis. Because you could
take extra shit, you could take your sort of woodland jacket and take it off if you don't need it.
But it also happens sort of like inadvertently. So it's important to bear in mind that you're
running into situations in both Iraq and Afghanistan where one camouflage pattern,
or even multiple camouflage patterns, does not account for the kind of like,
mix of environments you're going to be in, and that's going to be important going forward.
This is supposed to make me want to watch Generation Kill again.
This is also really great-
Caps in fucking America.
This is also a really great reaction image for Matt and Bro, you got the whole squad laughing.
Well yeah, when-
When Caps in America orders you to engage targets beyond the maximum range of
round two and you got to hit him with that.
He's got his fucking bayonet out.
Next slide please.
The squares are coming again.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm so glad you put in the skateboard image because I thought about it as we were going
through it, and I'm like, why didn't I put in the skateboard image?
Skateboard guy, you look at his jaw, he kind of looks like Joe Kasabian.
A little bit, yeah.
But this is from the period in between the collapse of the Soviet Union and before 9-11
was never forgotten.
When the US military was getting real weird, not only trying to figure out who the next bad guy was,
but what the next war was going to be like, what they were going to be doing.
Something they honed in on really quickly was, well, urban warfare is probably going to be a thing.
So in the late 90s, like 97 to 99, they did a bunch of urban warfare exercises.
I think these were in San Diego or San Francisco.
Yeah.
This was Operation Urban Warrior 99.
And they played around with something that I don't know if this was the official name,
but it's colloquially known as the T pattern camouflage, because it's basically blotches of
gray and dark gray with sort of T shapes, upper and lower case of darker gray or black on them.
Black vest.
I just think this looks sick.
I don't know how effective it is.
It's probably not that much because it wasn't used, but it's very...
Yeah.
No one's really kind of found a need for urban camouflage yet, aside from the Berlin
brigade, I guess.
But it was in all of the action movies, the late 90s.
Also like all the games and stuff.
Yeah.
Specifically in the original Half-Life, the main reason...
They didn't give the HECU troops in that game urban camouflage to make them blend in easier.
They specifically gave it so the players would have an easier time seeing them against the
draw...
Like the crown of the game.
Camouflagent.
Camouflagent.
You should have a piece of clothing that makes you look like a building.
You know?
Put a big window on the front or something.
Four over one camouflage or five over one camouflage.
Yeah.
Just like the bottom half of you looks like a Planet Fitness.
Yeah, exactly.
Your hat looks like a roof, you know?
Your knees have like four lease signs in them.
Yeah.
Well, you could walk around with like, I don't know, have a porta potty all around you.
You know?
And then like, you know, no one will ever notice.
They'll just think, oh, there's a porta potty over there.
Someone's doing construction, I guess.
So I think we're going to have to finesse things a bit, because I think things are in the wrong order.
So you're going to have to go forward two slides, and then...
I think I might have...
I might have...
This is on me, I apologize.
I might have fucked this up because I put this first because chronologically,
this actually came before the horrors.
This was actually the first.
Okay.
Well...
If you want to blame anyone for finally giving in to Satan, for finally...
And this is the reason I moved around.
I'm sorry, I didn't clue you in, but...
Satan finally gets through to the Canadians.
Right.
The weak link.
Of course.
The Canadians are the first ones to issue digital camouflage
in the form of CADPAT around 1997, and everything's gone downhill since.
This is...
Yeah, I think...
Satan was like, no, no, dude, it's science.
It totally works.
I'm not the devil.
You can trust me.
It's like going on the computer, a thing that's now cool to do.
The thing I will say for CADPAT is that at least it is appreciably Canadian.
It's recognizable.
I mean, not to the US Air Force, apparently, but it looks like, you know, distinctively Canadian.
I appreciate that about it, but unfortunately, Satan does live in the computer, and by opening this
door, you are kind of inviting more digital camouflage, more pixelated camouflage.
Yeah.
You invite to be able to entice more weak-willed people, enter the United States Marine Corps.
I do like this.
This Canadian has painted his boots, but not his face.
Yeah.
Canada's a strange country.
What more can we say?
I say.
But the Marines see this and go, that shit looks good.
Why don't we do that?
And they're the first branch of the US military to adopt their own digital camouflage in the
form of the well-known MARPAT.
There's a debate about whether or not this is a total ripoff of CADPAT or more distinct.
It does look similar.
But the Marines basically...
Yeah, but it looks bad.
It looks terrible.
I mean, again, this is one of those things where like scientifically they can prove it's
effective, but it's just kind of like, is it though?
Is it really?
I mean, they'll die on this hill that it's good.
But I think it's more about they want to look distinct, which is part of the reason they
don't really let any other branch of the military use it.
Though oddly enough, for some reason, through weird intersections of geopolitics,
it's widely used by Kurdish fighters in Rojava, particularly the YPG and the YPJ,
hence the photo in the top right there.
For some reason, they love this shit and they've been able to get their hands on it.
I don't know if we gave it to them or they just bought it on the commercial market,
but they fucking love that shit.
There's weird procurement decisions going on sometimes.
Like, I have some thoughts about this later on, about different camouflage patterns.
But yeah, it's really idiosyncratic.
I think probably what you're seeing is as you're able to get Chinese copies of these things.
That's probably the case.
The Chinese make copies of everything.
They make copies of the Pasket Helmet.
They make copies of the M16 and just sell them off to whoever.
Yeah, I mean, you can get the shit on Amazon.
Oh yeah, or Temu from whatever the 10 million Temu ads you get on Twitter mobile if you can't block the ads.
But the important takeaway here is clearly by letting women of color do things in the Marines,
it makes white men fade off into the past.
That's true.
I mean, I'm always in favor of this.
Yeah, many such cases.
Yeah.
I can't have bright uniforms anymore because of woke.
Because of woke.
But you think this is bad, even though the Marines swear that it's good.
It gets worse.
Next slide, please.
Lumbering in a much slower, dumber way into this problem is the United States Army story of its life.
So essentially, we've had this problem in Iraq and Afghanistan where it's like,
we keep transitioning environments and we keep transitioning color palettes and stuff.
Well, what if Satan, who lives in the computer, says there can be one camouflage pattern that's
going to scientifically work against any backdrop, a kind of universal camouflage pattern, if you will,
a UCP.
And you wouldn't think it, but it's gray.
Yeah.
Bright gray, even.
Bright, really bright gray, and we're gonna like, very expensively like, change over everything.
Everybody's gonna be wearing it, all the gear's gonna be in this, and it's gonna look perfect,
and it's gonna solve everything.
It's the silver bullet, or gray bullet, and it's gonna, every single backdrop is gonna work really well.
And, um, you may notice in this image on the left that you can see the guy wearing it very easily.
Yes.
Remember what I was talking about in Half-Life? They put the guys in urban camouflage to make
them easier for the player to see and shoot?
Yeah. He is more visible than the, I think, Austrian in front of him, who is just wearing olive drab.
Which they continue to do until only very recently.
Yeah.
I mean...
Kind of goes, though.
I mean, yeah. Shout out to Austria, to be honest.
For this one thing. Only this one thing.
Nothing else. Don't look up Joseph Fritzl.
Yeah.
Yeah. But so, UCP was intended to- it came in with the, like, new army combat uniform. Um,
which actually, you know, like, was- I mean, it had a lot of teething problems. I've heard a lot
of stories about particularly the crotches of the trousers, that seam would blow out at the slightest
provocation. So you would be in Afghanistan, in your sort of moon-coloured camouflage, and you would,
like, squat down, and your entire dick and balls would be on display.
The army being discriminatory against guys with fat cocks.
It always has been.
You could only join the army if you have a little dick.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
If you're too over a certain length and girth, you can't join. It's like 4F.
It's a weird section on the Azvap. Um, so...
Please, my cock's too girthy. Stamps draft full with navy.
Um, so...
So...
So this is intended to solve every problem, and instead it makes the problem way worse.
Um, you can find a-
I-
Sorry, go ahead.
You can find a bunch of photos of, like, troops wearing these,
being, like, very visibly outlined against any backdrop you care to name. And, like,
part of the cope was the idea that, much like the redcoats back in slide 3, that, like, as stuff got,
like, muddier and dirtier and dustier, that, like, it would assume more, like, local characteristics.
But it just-
It always looked like shit, and, like, everybody always hated it.
Um, well, the problem with that, too, is that might very well have been true,
but with the nature of the war America was fighting, when you're on a bunch of big static
fire bases and bases where you go out and patrol, but you have all the amenities of home,
including laundry, and your sergeant major, your major, your CO, comes up and is like,
why the fuck is your uniform dirty? Clean it.
Yeah, and these got launder to death, which is part of the reason why all the crotch
scenes blew out so easily.
Probably why they're so fucking bright and washed out. But, like, the stupid thing is,
the really stupid thing is, this, like, the army went through a bunch of trials in the late 90s
and early 2000s to replace M81. They trialed, like, four different patterns, none of which were this.
This, the one, and, and, and after they chose, like, which one was overall universally more effective,
they went with this. And there's really, like, there's lots of anecdotal stories. I can't come
up with one authoritative story of why this was adopted, but no one really seems to know why. And
the army just refused to admit that it was a dog for, like, two fucking decades. It took Congress
yelling at them to finally be like, okay, maybe it's not so great. But, like, no one, even the
origins are murky. The army lied for a while and said it was one, a diversion of one of the patterns
they looked at. It's really, like, effectively just recolored Marpat in a worse template. But it's
just, it blends it, and we'll see on the next slide. Oh yeah, I found, I found the one situation in
which UCP blends, yeah. Yeah. The...
This is obligatory going into this, the UCP couch picture. But yeah, troops being as they are,
they found the one situation where it does actually hide you.
Because it blends in with nothing- I'm sorry, go ahead, Justin, I'm gonna have a rant,
so you say what you want to say now. Oh, yeah.
I was gonna, I seem to remember, like, sometime back around 2003, you know, there were, like,
like, if you were enlisted, but you worked in an office in the Pentagon, there was some kind of,
like, other uniform you had. And all of a sudden, when the Iraq war started, it was like, now everyone
wears camo all the time now. All of a sudden, you would see all these guys on the Metro in, like,
full camo to go to the office job in the Pentagon. I was, like, very confused by that.
Pentagon, you used to wear either, like, your Class A service uniform, which is just, like,
the military business suit, and the slightly dressed down version of that, Class B,
is, like, you'll wear, like, a shirt with shirt sleeves and trousers, but no tie and stuff like
that. That's what you used to wear at the Pentagon. And after the GWAT started, everybody had to be a
warfighter. So everybody just started wearing camis to the Pentagon, which is really how it works now.
And there's been a lot of derision, like, about that.
It's bizarre. I mean, okay, I can definitely say the camo doesn't work on the Metro.
You would need some kind of, like, nice, warm browns and yellows for that. Or if it's a newer car,
some reds and greens. Or blues. However, lest anyone think that we're
calling the United States Army the dumbest of the, you know, branches of the US military. Next slide,
please. Oh god, yeah. We found the one surface. The wild grey yonder.
It's like they took the same colour pattern and made it worse. Remember how we were talking about
them trying to keep making tiger stripe happen? Well, that's where this leads you.
The airman battle uniform. You seldom see an officer wearing the voluntold expression,
but this is a captain doing this. This man looks like he's been given PTSD by having to wear this.
Look at him. He's just, like, staring off into the distance like he's been physically harmed by having...
I'll say this, at least their boots actually go with the uniform. The army fucking tan boots just
do not go at all. But it's the same... Oh, they don't go with the uniform, yeah.
The same colour pattern. It's just like, I look at this colour pattern from the airman battle uniform
uniform and from the army combat uniform. I think the only place in the world that this would ever
blend in with exists in the mind of a staff officer. It's like the platonic ideal of the perfect
battlefield that doesn't occur in nature. It just doesn't blend in with, like, woodland. It doesn't
blend in with desert or urban or... or... It's like Bonneville salt flats or the moon.
Like, I don't even think this would blend in on the fucking moon.
Why does an airman who works on airplanes, um, which, you know, operate in airbases,
need camouflage? Surely you would want to stand out so you don't get run over or sucked in a
gen engine. I assume like half these guys are like wearing camouflage and high-vis at the same time.
You are 100% correct.
He did the fucking... the PT belt. We're gonna have to talk about the PT belt.
Well, okay, well, uh, that's the next hour of the thing. I was hoping to avoid this. Right, so...
Yes, obviously you do see this. There is a ton of, like, uh, particularly like on flight lines and
stuff, you see a lot of like high-vis, uh, like, uh, like vests with camouflage, which leads to the
obvious do you want to be seen or not joke. However, there was a particularly wildly unpopular decision
made in the, like, higher levels of the US army, which is, in order to do your mandatory physical
training every day, which is like, you know, like a big run, usually, um, you have to wear a reflective
belt that, like, goes over your shoulder so that you don't get, like, hit and killed by a truck and,
like, as like, you know, like 0500 or whatever, which was like a serious proportion of casualties.
Um, the fucking, um, uh, god, the- who was the guy, uh, Disney, who got, like, crushed by a shipping container?
Oh yeah, they named, like, uh, they named, like, uh, either something at Fort Hood or now Fort Cavazos,
or they- or something in Afghanistan after him.
That was in Bagram, Disney Drive. Like, that was the, like, main drag in Bagram,
was Disney Drive, because the guy got crushed by a shipping container. So, like, uh, a ton of people got,
like, killed by getting, like, hit by trucks or cars or whatever on morning PT. And so, like,
uh, it was this, like, huge thing, and it was, like, hugely, uh, embarrassing and emasculating and
humiliating for- for the troops to be like, no, you have to wear this, like, special reflective safety
belt to go out jogging. And it probably did save lives, but it was very, very funny to see this
particular, like, fit of the, like, bright yellow reflective, uh, like, like, safety PT belt with
the, uh, with the ACU. I mean, let's be honest, the belt's probably more camouflage capable than the ACU.
Yeah. I mean, like, it's just an uncanny pattern, and like, this is jumping back to, like, the,
the UCP camo, but I mean, the army tried really hard to try and fix it so Congress could get off their
back and they didn't have to buy a new camo. One way they did was to try and add in a fourth color.
They added in browns. They called it UCPD or UCP desert. It kinda helped, but not really. It was
basically the camouflage equivalent of putting lipstick on a pig. I mean, it might make it look
a little bit prettier, but the only one who's gonna want to fuck it is David Cameron, and he's only
gonna want to do oral. But, I mean, it could always be worse, because the Air Force almost went with
what's on the right. Yeah, which is fully the, like, the camouflage from the rock, like, uh,
Ed Harris is wearing this shit. This is good camouflage if you've been shot
down and you're falling out of the plane. Yeah, it's sky, it's partly cloudy camouflage,
but, uh, don't worry. It looks like it's got feathers for, like, birds, you know?
It does kinda look like, I don't, it's, oh, my head hurts.
It's, there is a slide that I didn't put in here about the Space Force, who also, for no reason known
to man, decided that they needed a camouflage pad. And so, like, I don't...
Are you sure that wasn't made? I think that might have been a joke, because I'm pretty sure they're
using multicam right now. Yeah.
Either way, I'm amused by it. But yeah, no, I...
There was, I did almost put in the slides on fictional camouflage, and there was that Brad Pitt
film Ad Astra where he wears the US Army moon camouflage. It's like a moon splitter.
Oh yeah, it is multicam, yeah. It's like, uh, you know, like the outfit that, uh,
Eddie Izzard wore in one of her early specials. Oh god, I know!
Walking into the Air Force General's office in my Eddie Izzard camo, saying the enemy has a flag.
All right, lest anyone think that we're calling the United...
That's what the Death Star Cantina would look like.
But it gets worse.
Yeah, lest anyone think that we're calling the United States Air Force the dumbest
branch of the US military. Next slide, please.
As we enter the United States Navy with our girthy cocks. Um, so...
The naval working uniform. You're on a boat.
You're on a boat. If you're in a situation where this camouflage is useful,
camouflaging you, that means you've fallen off the boat.
You want to be as visible as possible.
You're looking for you, yeah. You should get a bunch of PT belts. Um, so, yeah, basically,
this is the same thing of the navy being a little bit insecure about its role, um,
based on the global war on terror. Because there wasn't too much boat stuff to do,
because, like, Al Qaeda only had boats one time, and they only had them for a minute before they,
like, blew a hole in the side of the USS Cole. So, like,
sailors were like, you know, I mean, you had a bunch of, like, growth of the seals and stuff,
which is why they had to have their own camouflage patterns, which were AOR1 and AOR2,
which, ehh, fine, whatever, your special boys, big pat on the head.
Special boys.
They can balance a ball on their nose, they can play with horns, you know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. They slap their fins together, they go,
ARK, ARK, ARK.
A highly placed seal source said...
But yeah, so there was this period where they were like, okay, well, every sailor's gonna still
be a war fighter, right? And what better way to, like, inculcate those values? We're back again to
the, like, redcoats thing of being like, we're doing this for morale and cohesion and, like, prestige.
And you can trace this back to the marines, too, like, having their camouflage,
but also crucially wanting no one else to use it because they wanted marines to be uniquely
identifiable, which then sets off, like, basically, like, well, I'm special, too,
amongst every other branch in the military, hence this. This is the consequences of everyone wanting
to be special. The naval working uniform.
Um, so, yeah, the navy, like, they don't need this, they never needed this,
um, and particularly, like, if you were gonna be, like, uh, sure-sighted on anything, then
surely you should just wear something, like, like you already gave for the seals,
but the seals don't want to give that up either because they're special boys.
And so you end up with this, like, weird, like, uh, sort of, like, internal bureaucratic fight that
really, I think, shows the navy at its worst. Um...
And that's saying a lot.
Yeah, I mean, I mean, shit, the way you end up with the thing you ended up with now as well as, like, uh...
I call it legally distinct from Marpat because, again, the marines don't like you using it,
but it's basically the same pattern. The tones are slightly shifted, they still have an anchor,
but they put USN mixed in amongst the digital pixels.
Navpat. And also, like, I'm bugged by wearing the, like, first navy jacket and then switching
that out with, like, anything you think is cool based on your formation is... as cringe. Uh, just,
just do like the Royal Navy does and just do, like, flat navy blue. It's called navy blue for a reason.
Well, the stupid thing is they do have that, but they still have these because they have to have,
like, it's the warfighterfication of everything. I hate that word so much. It comes up so much in
my line of work. I hate it so much. What fucking war are you fighting? You're at a fucking desk.
It's absolutely...
I have to be camouflaged, uh, when I'm, you know, uh, in case someone peers through the camera of my drone
and, like, uh, looks back at me.
Yeah, I gotta be camouflaged in case your webcam's hacked by a Chinese hacker.
Yeah, like, so much of this stuff is, like, four roles in which it is never foreseeable that
your personal visibility is gonna be important. Like, yeah, obviously there's an argument for,
like, uniformity and, like, cohesion and professionalization and stuff, but, like,
functionally if you're operating, like, I don't know, like, a missile battery on Guam or going to work in the
Pentagon every day, there's no reason that you couldn't do the same job pretty much as well in, like,
Carhartt's or, like, a Mr. Rogers cardigan. It's just, like, uh, you gotta, you gotta, uh, think that you're
in the fucking, uh, delta force or whatever. Next slide, please.
So you're in the navy. You have air conditioning constantly.
Yeah.
That's the case with the army now, too, but...
The other reason you don't want to wear blue camouflage is, it's, it's, it's a red flag camouflage.
Yeah. If your cops start wearing shit like this, it's time for you to consider either a revolution
or emigrating. This is, this is the real Geneva suggestions, uh, fit semiotically. Um, so, yeah,
the Soviet Union, well, the Russian Federation and, like, other post-Soviet states all have this thing
where, like, blue camouflage is the cop and security guard thing. This trickles down really far,
like, Milo has a story about, like, uh, like, supermarket security guards wearing the fucking, like,
blue camouflage and berets and stuff. Oh, I believe it.
It's, it's really, like, and, and, generally speaking, the actual camouflage patterns are,
like, copies of foreign ones, like, uh, DPM or, like, digital camouflage, but turned blue. Um,
fun fact, because it's distinctive and looks vaguely Russian, this is the Op4, uh, uniform for, like,
training in the British army, or, uh, like, I think they used just flat black as well at some points,
but, uh, yeah, you had a bunch of, like, blue DPM kicking around. Um, this is also-
What does Samar in Mexico have?
Uh, I, I, I think the Mexican navy actually have MAPAT, but don't quote them.
I know, I think the Mexicans, the Mexican marines may have stuff like that, but the Mexican army,
I think, has their own pattern, I think. It's, it's fairly distinctive. It's actually kind of similar
to Russian EMR, but, but the Russians aren't the only ones that use this for cops. I put in a couple
of other my favorite examples of a totally just and freedom and human rights loving country,
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia has, like, 15 camouflage patterns because they have a
shitload of, like, human rights violating organs, and, like, you know, they have an army and a national
guard and a cops, and, like, these guys are specifically from the Saudi border guard who use
a blue-gray version of Six Colored Desert that is setting up a lot of alarm bells in my head.
All the way down to the librarians, they have camo.
Yeah. And, I mean,
The librarian security service? You have to have-
This is an anime.
I mean, a lot of this is gonna be just, like, corruption, frankly, and, like,
It has to be.
In procurement, and also just, like, having a do-nothing job that gets you feeling important.
Um, well, you think, in the Soviet Union in particular, they used to have all sorts of do-nothing jobs,
like, ladies who would just sit, like, on, like, a certain floor of a hotel room, like, hotel floor,
to see who would leave. Now it's just, we'll just create lots of security guards.
I mean, one thing I will say is that, like, the Soviet Union was the country for if you wanted
to, like, a dress uniform for your bureaucrat job. Like, there's a reason why, like, you know, like,
forestry managers and, like, prosecutors and stuff all had the equivalent of, like, Class A's or Number
ones, um, where you could just, like, wear for parades and stuff. Um, next slide please.
New York City sanitation workers have that.
Yeah, exactly. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. Um, I want to dress uniform as a podcaster.
Yeah, we should have dress uniforms.
Well, there's your problem, Class A uniform.
In the podcaster's parade.
Yeah. Homer, those are podcasters. I know.
There's this Randy Newman song called Jolly Coppers on Parade, thinking about it, you know,
podcasters on Parade. All right, let me see the next slide,
because I got a real quick hit here, which is, um, this is for the sake of, again, militarization.
These are Chinese, like, People's Arm Police firefighters.
Right. That way you blend in with the fire.
Exactly. What they've done is they've taken their regular camouflage and they've
turned it into an orange version, um, for when you want to look militaristic, but also more visible,
rather than less. This looks dumb as hell.
It really does.
I can't find him, he's in a fire.
It's like, again, it's just like, you want to drown with the blue camouflage,
or burn to death with the fire camouflage.
All right, we must now talk about Satan's greatest trick,
which was not convincing the world he didn't exist. It was this. Next slide, please.
Thank you. The $313 female fit cry pants, which do not-
It's a single pant, apparently. Pant singular team.
Yeah. They don't even ship here.
Um, yeah, so, this is a camouflage pattern called Multicam. And the deal with Multicam is that it's
an attempt to do the same thing as UCP, but good, right? It's gonna blend in to anything. It kind of
goes anywhere. Um, I cannot count the number of Multicam or MTP items I own, because I'm just like this.
Um, and... this is the thing. It's not- I don't think it's a bad thing in and of itself,
but this is the Borg Collective.
Yeah. We're gonna get into that.
Yeah. Because if you remember how back in the day, every country- like,
oh, Ireland, let's have our own Irish camouflage pattern. Not anymore. Because-
Yeah. Everything's-
Everything's-
Everything's-
And when everything is Multicam, it fucking sucks, and I hate it.
Yes.
The thing is, this has actually been around about the same amount of time as UCP was,
because it was actually its predecessor, an early version of it, was one of the four camouflages
that the army considered. And when they decided to screw all four of them and go with UCP,
it just went on the commercial market. Soft started using it. They liked it. And then
when Congress got up in a dander about UCP being worthless, we were like, you need to
fucking find a camouflage that works now. So the army initially adopted this as a- basically,
you only got this if you went to Afghanistan, and it was billed as a temporary measure.
Anytime the army says something is a temporary, limited measure,
that shit's gonna be around forever. That's how the M16 gets adopted.
This is the HST of camouflage.
I mean, kind of, yeah.
Well, they actually finished this.
The thing is, Multicam, it kind of works. Like, it's fine.
There are variations on it. The US Army only is the one.
Oh, Multicam Tropic looks fucking great.
Oh yeah. They use that in the Armor 3 Pacific DLC, and it looks pretty good.
Be still my beating heart. Yeah. Mostly I'm just really mad that you can't get the, like,
the Cry Multicam pants that, like, fit a woman. You know? But whatever. It's fine.
Just have someone stuff it in a care package, and then Roz and Liam can send it to you.
Yeah, my size is on there. Don't body shame me.
All right. Next slide, please.
Yeah, as you see, people start to catch on to the fact that Multicam is good. Again,
this is how I imagine things will look when November and I meet up for the first time.
Yeah, absolutely.
I, so, you can see the difference between, well, you can see the cope happening here,
because... There's a lot of cope.
Officially, Britain never adopted Multicam. It had its own, like, it has, like, Special Forces
implementations. But what we had instead was multi-terrain pattern. And what multi-terrain
pattern is, is putting roughly the colors of Multicam on the pattern from DPM. I prefer it. I mean,
it has black in it, which I appreciate. I think it looks slightly cooler, but, like,
it's still Multicam. Functionally, it's still Multicam. And the switch from CS95 to PCS,
like, the actual uniform change, all of this became multi-terrain pattern.
I do think that multi-terrain pattern is better, but there's something about just the fit and cut
of British uniforms that just makes anyone look like they're wearing a sack of potatoes. It's not
very flattering. You... I mean, so, it can be worse. I don't know if you're familiar with the, like,
CS95, like, issue smock, but there was this thing that both cadets, and for some reason the Royal
Logistic Regiment did, where you just, like, did up the bottom drawstring really tight, folded it under,
and created a kind of, like, camouflage tutu, skirt situation. I don't know if you can do both trying
to break up shapes, and also have, like, I don't know, a nice slim Italian cut, you know?
Gotta get some of those paint-on, like, Gucci camouflage jeans.
Should've found some Italian camouflage photos of this.
Yeah. But very quickly, you see other countries start to realize,
oh hey, this Multicam shit kinda actually works!
The fucking org collective, your distinctiveness will be assimilated into our own.
But people resist in ways, as we'll see on the next slide, of trying to give this their own unique spin.
Uh, varying levels of success?
Various copes. Various copes and seeds.
This is the cope slide. We already seen the British attempt in the bottom left there.
There's multi-terrain pattern.
Uh, the top left is the French attempt.
Uh, I, very large, multi-environmental.
Yeah, because France was in this weird position of cope, because it also adopted M81 Woodland,
but pretended it didn't.
Yeah.
And, like, because it made it- it did it at a slightly different scale, and called it
Camouflage Centreurope.
Um, uh, like, Central European Camouflage.
And then, uh, then they adopted not Multicam, along the same lines.
We have not adopted the same, it looks slightly the same, but it is uniquely French.
Uh, you do suck my dick from the back.
Uh, but then, uh, the Germans, um, oh wow, uh, this is multi-terrain.
What are the things that they did?
Because the thing is, I really, really like, like, Woodland Flecktarn.
And I never liked the, like, uh, Desert Flecktarn, or Tropentarn, or whatever the fuck it was called.
Um, and this- this is basically that, but now it replaced the regular Flecktarn.
It fucking sucks, and I hate it.
I don't know why there's a Bruce Willis head on there.
I found this randomly on the internet.
Because of that time he was in the Bundeswehr.
Everyone- yeah, everyone knows in between the two Die Hard movies he was in the Bundeswehr.
Um, and then the Canadians have taken their Cad Pat, which had Woodland and Desert versions.
Oh, it looks like cat food.
It's- it's- it's- it's real mid.
Uh, it has not gotten an especially great reaction.
They should have, like, they should have it in plaid.
You know, that would be the way to go.
You do plaid camo for Canada.
Yeah, I mean, like, the Canadians have leaned into their Scottish heritage forever.
They should just bring back kilts.
Bring back some kilts.
Absolutely.
Yeah, there's various levels of cope here.
It's like, no, no, we're not in the Borg Collective.
We're not.
We're very distinct.
But- and a lot of countries have just been like, fuck it, and just adopted multi-cam as is.
They just licensed it from Cryo, yeah.
There's a few- there's a few countries that are trying to still do their own thing.
The, like, uh, Scandinavian countries, because their terrain is- and seasons are actually
different, each have their own camouflage still.
Um, the Dutch, I think, were working on something.
I don't know if they've given up on it, but there's a few pots of resistance.
But basically, if you're in the West or a Western-aligned country, you're just adopting
multi-cam or some cope version of it.
Yeah, and being like, scientifically, this is the best one.
Which, fine, whatever.
Yeah, it's- it's true, but they shouldn't say it.
Yeah.
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
What matters is what I think looks cool.
It feels like, you know, in terms of, like, objective improvements to camouflage, where
we've reached near the top end, there's-
Getting there.
There's very few improvements that could be made at this point.
Yeah.
There's a lot of this with military stuff in general.
We've kind of plateaued, like, until someone invents the next hugely game-changing thing.
Like, everyone keeps saying it's drones or AI or cyber warfare.
It's none of those things, though they're involved in war.
But, like, until someone invents, like, the laser gun or, like, the dune shield that makes
guns irrelevant, like, war's kind of plateaued.
Yeah.
And likewise with camouflage.
Until someone invents the, like, optical camouflage or whatever, you know?
Which people have tried, but who's to say?
Uh, if we go to the next slide.
Um, another effect-
Shud time.
Yeah, chud time.
Another effect of this has been, like, the warfightification of cops, right?
And so, Cry, the company that makes Multicam, makes it in a bunch of different patterns,
a bunch of different colors, essentially.
Um, like, you have the regular Multicam that's meant to be good everywhere, then you have, like,
a tropical one that's a bit more green, an alpine one that's got a bit of white in it for snow and
stuff.
But one of the ones they made is Multicam Black, which you see on the left here.
Um, and they disclaim any camouflage potential for this?
Rather, like, it's not supposed to be urban camouflage or anything.
They say in their marketing materials, uh, presents, like, an imposing tactical appearance,
and their pitch- It makes you look very tactical.
Yeah, makes you look cool.
And they pitched this to cops, specifically, on the basis that, like, this will make you a SWAT team,
which does not need camouflage, look cool as hell.
And you see-
The same logic between stormtroopers wearing white armor.
Yes!
And a couple of departments tried it and didn't like it very much.
And if you know the cops aren't even going to spend money on it, you know you got a dog.
I mean, the thing is-
Yeah, exactly.
It's like, you know, this is like, this is like a small town SWAT team.
The SWAT team is half the size of the town, and they own a tank.
Um, you know, and it's like, they- they- they can afford anything.
They're like, nah, too tactical even for us.
Well, it's not even that it's too tactical, it's that cops want to look like troops,
and so, like, this is why you see SWAT guys wearing just regular multicam.
They don't need or want a specific cop thing, because they don't want to look like cops,
they want to look like troops.
Um, there is-
Cops are new troops, because the troops are woke now.
Yeah, that's true.
That's a good point.
That's a good point.
So, there is also this, um, uh, this company called CrypTech, which is, uh, one of Crye's competitors,
that makes a pattern called Mandrake, which has, um, uh, like, uh, like, sort of fractals in it.
It looks very weird and cool up close.
Um, but they also make a kind of black-on-black camouflage pattern called Typhoon,
um, which you see on the right here, and which also looks like absolute shit.
And I think-
Wow, it's got hexagons.
That means it's from the future.
Yeah.
Are these guys cops, or- because they look like henchmen.
These straight up just look like they were hired on hench, that these are super villain goons.
These are Malaysian cops, so they are kind of super villain goons.
Ah, okay, yeah, that makes sense.
Okay, yeah.
I will say, due to, like, I mentioned kind of idiosyncratic procurement, right?
The one group that I can think of that really went in hard on multicam black were the, like,
Iraqi, Shia, like, anti-ISIS cop death squads.
This is fine.
And, like, the guys who got in trouble because they kept filming themselves doing war crimes to ISIS guys.
The IDF?
No, to ISIS guys.
Oh, that's right, yeah, yeah, no, Hamas is ISIS, I heard that.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure I heard that from a reputable source.
Yeah.
One, one, one, Bindaman Netanyahu, I think his name was.
So, so, like, Americans have worn these, but only like-
Oh, Benny from Cheltenham High School, yeah.
Yeah, Benny from Cheltenham!
So, Americans have worn these, but only in the course of, like, being advisors to those Iraqi
death squad cops, and a couple of American death squad cops.
But you repeat yourself.
Yeah, exactly.
This is the thing, like, these are sort of, like, the camouflages that were pitched to
death squads, and were not very successful even for that.
And I mentioned the, sort of, Iraqi connection because there's also an opportunity for huge,
huge corruption in all of these.
Oh, yes.
Like, particularly, like, I didn't have time to get into it fully, but if you want to be
very depressed by some obvious grift that got a lot of people killed, you should look into the
camouflage procurement for the Afghan National Army and the Afghan National Police.
Yeah, I'm aware.
Because that's one of the most naked cases of a guy just, like, enriching himself at the expense of
a country that the US put on its knees.
Next slide, please.
And at the end of the day, every small, like, southern sheriff wants to basically be, like,
a sort of, like, third world authoritarian dictator.
And has more in common with them than he would like to admit.
He just doesn't like them because they're brown.
Yes.
Yeah, absolutely.
So, planes.
No one needs to camouflage planes or ships now, because everything's beyond visual range,
so everything's gray on gray, and you have these stupid fucking low-vis roundels,
like you see here. It looks shit, I hate it.
Sad.
Sad.
If we go to the next slide, you might imagine that this is because, like, oh,
colored paint would fuck up a bunch of, like, sensors and coatings, and the F-35 is very temperamental,
and it falls out of the sky if you, like, paint over its thing, and, like, everything is, like, a trillion
dollars, and it's very secret. But, like, the US Air Force paints them already as, like, aggressor squadrons,
as, like, guys playing Russians in exercises because the Russians need to, like, because the
Russians keep painting theirs. And it looks good as hell, and I don't know why they didn't just do this,
or something like it.
Yeah.
I mean, there's concept art for, like, sixth generation fighters that, like,
Dassault are working on, and they have, like, camouflage in them. There's no reason not to do
this. The Air Force just, hey, I know, it's all evangelicals, so maybe, like, using camouflage
isn't a front to god or something.
Well, yeah, since we got rid of the gays and put in the evangelicals,
everyone's afraid to paint the plane pink.
Yeah, they're afraid that, like, if you paint the plane, that's just, like, the toe,
the thin end of the wedge to making it pink and then becoming gay.
Yes. And they're right. You know, that's why we should do it.
It looks good as hell, though. We should just fucking bring this shit back. Like,
there's no reason not to.
I want to see an RAF F-35 painted in DPM. Make it happen.
Or Battle of Britain camo on F-35.
Or give it the invasion stripes. Oh, yeah, okay. Next slide, please.
So, kind of to an extent, every camouflage looks the same. We've achieved, like, a bit of a maximum
with it. There are distinctions, but, like, we'll get into this in a bit, but, like, for instance,
there are some repercussions with this, particularly in Ukraine. Like, Russians, particularly Russian
Special Forces, have been shifting more towards multicam before the war even started, and now
every single person fighting in Ukraine has to wear, like, a bondage model's worth of colored tape
on every limb so as not to get shot by their own guys. So, that's-
Didn't have the Ukrainians were using a ton of camouflage as well. Like, I did a whole thread
before the war started on Twitter. It was, like, all the different camouflages both sides were using,
and it went on for, like, several dozen posts. Oh, yeah. Like, based on the sort of Soviet
problem of inventing 50 camouflage patterns and issuing them at random. Both sides in this had
the kind of weird thing. Just shoot everything that doesn't have- that has a Z on it.
Yeah. I mean, in general, roughly, the pattern is, like, Ukrainians, multicam, Russians, EMR,
like, Digiflora, but, uh... But then it's the Spetsnaz, like you were saying,
they like to use all sorts of different shit as well. Like, if you're a grunt in Russia,
you're wearing EMR, which will come up. But, like, it's- it's- there's just so much. It gets
real weird, especially with all, like, the non-military volunteer paramilitary units and
mercenaries and stuff who just do their own thing. It gets real confusing.
Yeah. Best- best thing to do is colored tape and knowing who your friends are,
but then there's trade-offs there, you know? Yep.
Uh, next slide, please. We're nearing the end here. Yeah.
Uh, so- First, you have to go to China. China.
China. Most- most probable adversaries. Uh,
so China has a bunch of camouflage patterns. Um, this is, I think, type 07, I wanna say.
Um, basically everything looks like this, but the colors change based on, uh, like, location and
stuff. Like, different theater commands will have, uh, different colors based on, like,
oh, if I need a desert or what. Um, yeah.
I quite like this. It's like- it's like- like, Flecton, but Chinese.
And so- It's like- it's like if you went into Photoshop and you took the spray paint tool, but you turned
the anti-aliasing all the way down to 0? Yeah.
Yeah, I was gonna say, it looks like kid pics.
KidCon! I'm just gonna send it to a Proustian reverie,
on, like, a fuckin' like incredibly tan, incredibly blocky computer in, like, fourth grade.
This is- I- I like this. I like this. And it's- it's gonna be a shame to fight a war with these
guys, you know? On a number of levels. Um, but, yeah, this is- if nothing else, it doesn't look
hugely like multicam, which is gonna save a lot of colored tape in the colored tape budget.
Yeah, you know, it's true. It's efficiency. You know, we're- we'll be fine.
Uh, next slide, please. Nearing the end. Yeah, so-
Yeah, these dickheads.
Looking very bulky. Um.
They must be wearing the winter variants. They're very puffy, like George Costanza puffy coats.
Yeah, this is Russian EMR. The Russians went through a whole uniform reorganization thing.
The, like, office uniforms suck, these suck, they're the only people still doing digital camouflage.
It's really green, like, really notably green.
Very green.
Yes, very green.
Which is quite helpful, in terms of, like, not looking like multicam.
And yeah, they did this whole, like, outfitting, if you remember the, like,
very polite people first invasion of Ukraine.
The little green men.
Yeah, the little green men occupying Crimea. These were- these were all, like, uh, like,
VDV and naval infantry wearing the brand new, like, EMR.
Yeah, that was the coming out party for this.
Yeah.
So, the guys were still wearing, like, parts- like, we talked about the mixed camouflage.
Some guys still had gear in, like, the old flora pattern.
But- but at the time, of course, the Russians denied that those guys were Russians.
Only for later- uh, later that same year, during the Victory Day Parade of Moscow,
for a bunch of VDV troops to march out into Red Square wearing the exact same camouflage.
And the announcer, I remember being translated from Russian, saying,
This camouflage is only worn by soldiers of the Russian Federation.
Which is, like-
Which now isn't even true, because Belarus are using it.
So-
Yeah, they do-
We must use the EMR to protect our precious potatoes from Western imperialists!
Yeah. So at least these guys look distinctive, um, which, you know, helps with- helps with killing them.
Yeah, helps with killing them.
Yeah. And presumably at some point, there's gonna be, uh, like, something that edges more
towards multicam, because it's getting to be the state of the art, you know?
You will be a su- you will eat the bugs, you will sleep in the pod, and you will wear multicam.
You will eat the spuds.
The potato war.
TANTOM!
The Russian Class Bs have like a, uh, like, number two analog has like a, like a zip-up jacket.
Looks bad as hell. Um, next slide please.
Well, you know, the US and their new army, uh, service uniforms are bringing back the Ike jacket,
so we got that going for us, which is nice.
Oh yeah, I actually really like that.
Uh, but yeah, so, the other thing I was gonna say is that camouflage is immediately also, like,
as a consequence of like a public exposure after various wars, particularly Vietnam,
just became like a fashion item. Um, and some places actually have laws about it,
which makes it like, uh, like, some Caribbean countries make it illegal to own camouflage.
It's illegal to own Irish, uh, like, camouflage in Ireland. Um, I quite like this. I quite like
this implementation of stuff like having multicam sneakers or whatever.
It's illegal not to own camouflage in most of Pennsylvania.
It's a testament to the fact that nobody likes UCP, that in terms of surplus,
everybody jumped right from M-801 to multicam, because nobody wants to be caught dead wearing that
shit. Yeah, you can find it for nothing.
Well, likely you would be caught dead wearing that shit.
This is true.
You can, you can, I quite like being autistic and being a nerd about this and being like,
uh, are you wearing the like, you know, fucking Czechoslovakian, like, obscure third camouflage
pattern t-shirt today? Yeah, absolutely. Um, so that kind of thing appeals to me, and I end up
collecting surplus stuff on that basis, just because it appeals. So...
It's cool.
It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool and normal. And, uh, I fucking...
Can I, like, get done overthrowing Putin and, like, changing the entire Russian system of government
so I can start wearing Berezka again? Because it's been a couple of years.
Just... look, if you start seeing more of the flag that doesn't have the red stripe,
you'll know that we're probably moving in that direction.
Yeah. Wearing, like, Berezka leggings, but like a big Ukrainian flag as a cape,
so no one can get mad at me. Yeah, I...
I bought this before we knew that Putin was crazy.
Yeah, I knew he was evil, but an evil in a way we were kind of tolerating.
Getting a wraparound for your Tesla that's just Berezka camo.
A Berezka Cybertruck, the most irritating vehicle known to man.
Oh, God.
Driving my Berezka Cybertruck to the porn shop.
Jesus. I'm kind of weak to this stuff, also,
because it's like a deniable way of stealing valor. Just walk around wearing, like, a shitload of
multicam, and then if anyone asks you, you're just like, no. No, I was... I'm a podcaster.
Stealing Valor's stealth mission.
Yeah. Just, if you want to assume that I'm not a podcaster, but I'm actually some kind of, like,
overweight tier one operator, then yeah, by all means, you know, I'm not going to disabuse you of that notion.
Next slide, please. And our final slide.
This should be the last one.
Yeah. Of course, the real problem is, America, we may be aware of this, is heading for Alex Garland's A24 Civil War.
Yes.
And the real question- I haven't seen Civil War yet, because it sounds really bad, and it uses a bunch of footage from a Nazi.
But, like, who wears what camouflage pattern? Because, like, one- if Civil War is like woke versus chud, right?
Yeah.
Which camouflage pattern is woke, and which is chud?
Well, I did some research on this, because I haven't seen the film either, and I don't plan on seeing it.
I have also not seen it.
Yeah, I don't plan on seeing it for the same reasons you just laid out, Nova, but the answer I seem to come across is yes.
Like, apparently everybody just wears multicam, except for the really obvious fascists who wear Hawaiian shirts.
That's the most boring, obvious, probably realistic answer. I wanted some shit where it's like-
Is a Hawaiian shirt a form of camouflage?
It's been incorporated into a bunch of them in order to satiate the desires of, like, would-be interactionists, so sure, potentially.
You can get a bunch of, like, Hawaiian shirt, like, u-backs and stuff.
Um, but yeah, uh, I wanted a starker divide. I wanted, like, you know, woke multicam versus chud-marpat, or something, you know?
And I think we really need to, like- the US needs to be more like the Soviet Union, and invent more idiosyncratic camouflage patterns,
and just scatter them around, so that one of them can be woke, and one of them can be chud.
And we're not just, like, investing in colored tape when A24-
I mean, let's be real. And Alex Garland, if Alex Garland's A24's Civil War actually comes to pass, I mean,
I- I- I'm probably making a real hard call here, but I think most of the regular military's probably gonna remain loyal to the federal government,
just because I know the culture of those guys.
Mm-hmm.
So most of the guys who are in the chud army, such as it will be, some might have multicam, but some of them are just probably gonna be wearing whatever shit they have.
It'll probably be the Realtree army.
Realtree versus Morsi-Cam.
Yeah, Realtree.
Yeah, Realtree would be the chud camo.
Yes.
The thing is, you know, the- I don't know who the- who the good guys are in the film or whatever.
I know that, like, California and Texas United, I assume based on their mutual hatred of taxes.
Like, it's like the whole- oh god, the map of, like, the political divide.
It's like, I- you could have had me write a better background for this for you.
Oh my god.
It makes a lot of sense when you realize that California really hates taxes, but just hasn't admitted it to themselves.
Yeah.
California and Texas looking at each other across, like, Arizona and New Mexico, like,
we're not so different, you and I.
Yeah.
Don't go and see the movie.
Go and see a better movie instead.
Just go play Hearts of Iron mod.
You'll get the same experience, except you'll get it by people with hyper fixations who are actually into the details.
Go watch Challengers and become bisexual.
Like, just fuck around, do whatever you want, but don't- don't watch Civil War.
I'm probably gonna watch it, but like, do as I say, not as I do.
I'm gonna watch it if it streams.
I'm not going to theater to watch that shit.
No, no, fuck no.
Uh, is it still in the theaters?
I- maybe?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
I know that the Ministry of Ungentlemanly Warfare is out.
I might go see that.
The only thing that's like, you know, coming to theaters that I have any interest in watching
is probably Furiosa.
Yeah, yeah.
I- I- I'm being taken to see Challengers as part of a polycule activity, so I'm-
Oh, here you go.
Oh, polycule mandatory fun.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, type three fun.
Um, what- what- what is being in a polycule other than being like the new troupe?
What's the class A's for a polycule like?
Um, stolen valor-like, uh, Polish cavalry uniform, probably.
All right, well I'm gonna have to talk to my boyfriend and his partner,
and we're gonna have to figure out some uniforms here.
Hell yeah.
Well thank you-
Polycules beat each other in battle.
Polycules hit the comp battlefields.
It's a meeting action.
All right, well, thank you so much for listening to my NKD
is like, two and a half hour lecture on various pretty colors.
Um, I- I- I had a nice time.
I was looking at the pretty colors.
Pretty colors are pretty.
We're looking at planes, we're looking at boats, we're having a nice time.
It's just a nice leisurely walkthrough history.
Absolutely.
Uh, thank you so much for subscribing to the Patreon.
Uh, please continue to do that, uh, because I need money for, like, surplus camouflage uniforms.
If the people want more takes about, for instance, war, where could they find those takes?
You could find those takes at, at war underscore takes on- on Twitter,
because I'm not going to say what it's actually called now.
Um, also over on-
It's called Twitter.
It's called Twitter.
Yeah, it's called Twitter.
I'm also over on Blue Sky.
And then on both of those, you can also find me at, uh, at all one word Komodo Dad, where
if you don't want war takes, but you just want ship posting and furry art and other shit.
Hell yeah.
And, uh, I just want to say also, you know, for reaching your subscriber milestone that I'm,
I'm glad to have been, but a small part of, of, of getting there.
And thank you again for having me on for, I guess, the triple crown third episode.
If all goes well, that'll be released fourth one we've recorded.
Yes.
You'll never hear the Liam cut.
It's been an absolute pleasure.
Thanks so much for coming on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're very welcome.
Thank you.
All right.
That was a podcast.
Boom.
Done.
It's a podcast.
Excellent.
Podcast.
