 Hello and welcome to Punta Vista. This is a bonus episode. I am Ben and I'm wriggling around in the hole. Also with me, also wriggling around in the hole, it's Theo. Hi, Theo. Hey, man. Another day in the hole, hey? Another day in the hole. Ooh, look at me go. Yeah, I think I might have a little wriggle. I'm wriggling. You're wriggling. We've got ourselves a little bit. You're always up for a wriggle, brother. Yeah, hell yeah, brother. Oh, look who it is. Well, they'll let anyone wriggle around down here. It's Lucy. Hey, Lucy. Hey. Hey, I only just got here, but I'm not sure I like the vibe, but I just can't really figure out how to leave. Oh. Hasn't come up before, actually, to be perfectly honest. Shit. I'll ask someone else. Or I'll just wait and watch to see if I see someone else leave so that I don't have to like ask someone down here. I don't really like talking to people. Yeah. I can't. I've never seen it happen. Not a lot of people leave. I've got to tell you that. I mean, okay, like you're wriggling. Yeah. I am wriggling. What do you need? Now that you're wriggling, you're kind of like, you're kind of forgetting about all that living stuff you were talking about. Maybe I'm kind of easing into it. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, oh, oh. I know. I know what it is. Another thing that we like to do down here is sort of eat dirt and it kind of passes through our body and then we shit it out the other end. Yeah. Oh, okay. If that's what you're looking for. Yes. That's fine. Now that I know what's kind of expected of me down here, I think I can kind of relax into the situation. Yeah. You're going to want to eat some of it and then shit it out, potentially untouched. Yeah. I guess they're getting nutrients from it. We? We? We? Probably some nutrients in the dirt. Yeah. I guess so. We're putting them in or taking them out. Yeah. Because my sort of pink, formless, tube-like body, I guess, requires stuff to keep it going. Yeah. Don't ask me. I'm just trying to wriggle. Yeah. There ain't nothing but a wriggling in that hole thing. Oh, bloody hell, here's trouble. I mean, the trouble's been with us the whole time because we've all been here the whole time. Yeah. I'm also wriggling around in the hole. It's Andrew. Hi, Andrew. What's up? Hey. Hey, Andrew. Uh. Wriggling much? Check out Mr. Wiggles over here. Yeah. Oh, this guy likes wriggling. Hey, it's like I always say to people when they arrive in the hole, uh, wriggling hard or hardly wriggling? You know? Most of the time, I'm wriggling hard. I'm fucking wriggling. Wriggling hard for me. Look at me. I'm wriggling. I love wriggling so hard. I don't even know how. I honestly couldn't wriggle any harder. I am covered in grazers and abrasions. I am wriggling like the Dickens. Yeah. I saw a guy wriggle his way, like, in half the other day. That was two guys. Hey, we love wriggling down here in the hole. But that's not the only thing that holes are for. Holes are also for Christmas. It's time for regional bullshit. Regional bullshit. Every little town has got their own bullshit. Regional bullshit. Every little town has just got to have it. Maybe you should join us in the hole. That's to the listeners. Sorry. Yeah, it's sort of subliminal with the clarification. This comes to us from WLWT in Ohio. Ohio's free Christmas cave is the true meaning of the season. Oh. All right. Hmm. Is it? You want to get in the cave? The true meaning of the season is Ohio's free Christmas cave. That's the true meaning of the season. It's not kindness to your fellow man. No. It's not family. Or Jesus. Or... No. It's Ohio's free Christmas cave. I can be convinced. It's what all those Netflix movies that they make every December are about, as far as I know. She's a really busy advertising executive. He's a spelunker. We just made literally $10 million. $10 million. We give it away for free. It's called Climb Into My Christmas Hole. I think I've seen that one. Just a short drive east of Cincinnati, a unique and mysterious Christmas display is now open. And the reason for the season is at its heart. So the reason for the season is inside the cave? Yeah. In the heart of the cave. And the cave is also the reason for the season. I'm intrigued. Yeah. The Christmas cave is located in Minford, Ohio. Now, in its third season, the display features nearly a mile of light displays, both above and below ground. Oh, that actually sounds delightful. It sounds kind of nice. No, actually. No. No? Agree to disagree. Have you guys seen The Card Counter? No. Insanely good movie. Oscar Isaac. Oh, the Oscar Isaac one? Yeah. Where he's the card counter. Where he's the card counter. The Paul Schrader joint. The Paul Schrader one in his trilogy of lonely men with regrets. And he did torture it, like Abu Ghraib or something. Yeah. They have the unbelievably uncomfortable, like, 360 footage of Guantanamo, like, first person. Great movie, though. With Willem Dafoe, like, covered in blood and shit. Mm-hmm. Unbelievably good movie. A swallet. Probably some of the best cinematography I have ever seen in any movie. And they spend 10 minutes of the movie walking around one of those, like, traveling public light displays. Yeah. Like, something that, like, Brisbane City Council would put on where they put a bunch of, like, colored lights on trees and stuff. And you can, like, just sort of go there. And the kids will be like, ooh, it's nice and colorful. Or, like, 25-year-olds on mushrooms will be like, whoa. But the movie is, like, so deeply invested in filming what is a relatively cheap, like, municipal kind of fun activity thing. Very weird. Anyway. Check out The Card Counter. Thanks. Yeah. Oh, my God. What a movie. Fucking watch First Reformed. The Card Counter. Master Gardener. And you will be quite sad, but very moved. And ready to do something. Ready to do something. Watch First Reformed and be prepared to do something. It's a self-guided light display in the white gravel mines. Mine's mysterious passages are decked out with lights. Down in the mines? Yeah. They've got Christmas down in the mines? Calling you? They're sitting down at the mines for Christmas. Down in the granite mines. Yeah. Where we delve too deep for gravel. Nothing bad's ever happened on the ground in a hole. Come on down. You know? I don't think anyone has sort of encountered eldritch terror that is representative of greed by digging too deep for gravel. No. Gravel is rocks. Isn't gravel just kind of on top? Gravel's, yeah. It's sort of like the kind of kicking about stuff. Yeah. Up top. I find gravel anywhere. Why would you need to mine for it? It's too heavy. It's a bit from a local park. I'm rich. Isn't that what we used to get from like chain gangs? Just keep breaking up those rocks until they're little rocks and then make the little rocks even little. Do we sound stupid? Yeah. Does everyone know that you have to mine for gravel? For gravel. Is gravel a type of rock or a state that rock can be in? Did you say gravel or granite? Gravel. They just get rock and then they crush the rock. Yeah. Little rocks. We're talking about little rocks here. How do you make gravel out of any rock? I think you're just rock mining. A byproduct, right? Yeah. You're making a product with the rock that you mined. Yeah. Gravel seems like something that you get as a matter of course when you are taking other rocks out of the ground. I'll break up other bits and pieces. Rich in rocks. You have some small shitty leftover rocks and you're like, hey, put them in the gravel machine. Yeah. Okay. So this is- Settison. Make a satisfying video on the internet. Sediment. Gravel is a loose aggregation of rock fragments. So it's not like it's a specific rock. It's not like you have to be like, oh, fuck, we got a gravel load down here. Gravel is rocks. Gravel is just rocks. Why are you digging for that? It's just tiny rocks. Rocks is everywhere. Gravel is rocks, baby. Surely, right? Maybe we are just like, maybe our privilege is showing that we just walk out the front door and kick a rock. Yes. But in a lot of countries, the rocks are underground. You would think, though, that rocks could just keep getting smaller and smaller and then perhaps they'd be something like sand. But no. Like sand, yeah. Sand is little glass, you know? Sand is little glass. Yep. Sand is not rocks. Sand. Not rocks. No. I think little rocks is dirt. I really didn't think the thing from this story was going to be the gravel. I didn't think that was going to be the contentious part of this. Also, a mile of Christmas decoration is too long. Yeah. What do you got? A million reindeer? Come on. It's a self-guided light display of the white gravel mines. The mines of mysterious passages are decked out with lights and 16 exhibits throughout the cave systems tell the story of Jesus' birth. Yeah. Will you become the 17th? Dive on to find out. For his birth? For his birth, yeah. You can cover that story in like four exhibits. Yeah. Star. It's pretty straightforward. They got the nativity. Major. It's got it covered. Yeah. Three guys. Most of it's in the nativity. There's a baby? Yes. That's it. You got it. Done. Done. The display was created by Tom and Mindy Martin. They're part of a faithful team dedicated to educating the world about the true story of Christmas. Oh, we're talking Jesus stuff. Yeah. Not sinful. Yeah. There to mean they possess faith. Not that they are like very dedicated. Like a dog. Like a nice dog. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. The Martin said the display features three quarters of a mile of exhibits, including 16 underground biblical scenes and three nativity exhibits. Three. Sounds boring now. I'm out. I thought it was like snowman and stuff. Yeah. This sucks. Snowman in the cave. Are we talking different takes on it? Like this is what it would look like if he was bisexual. Oh, look. There's emo Jesus. Sitting in the manger wrong. The third one's Navi Jesus. It's a Navitivity scene. Yes, Andrew. Yes. You are. A bonus. It's never too chilly underground. What? Always a mild 55 degrees. What are you talking about? You ever been in a mine? It's a nice temperate 55 degrees down there. Yeah. Rocks breathe. Yeah. Yeah. That's the part I was worried about. Will it be too cold in the mine as I look at my third nativity scene? That's 12 degrees. I guess it must be warmer than outside. That's not mild. What the fuck is 12 degrees mild? What's wrong with you sickos? Although it's a rather new tradition, the Martin said thousands flock to the cave each year. Last year, 33,000 people walked its grounds during the holiday season, some traveling hundreds of miles to see the spectacle. The caves are open every Friday and Saturday between Black Friday and Christmas from 4 to 10 p.m. So it's a night cave. But are we monetizing? What's the monetizing strategy here? Are we profiting? It's free. We clipped the ticket? It was in the headline that it's free. It's a free Christmas cave. Oh, okay. So you get in there and then you pay for the exhibits when you get there. A subscription maybe that you're signed up? You're the product. Yeah. Yes. You know? Anything's free. That's so true. How about this? This is what they're not explaining in the headline. It's free to get in. $7,000 to leave. The Christmas cave is located at 4007 White Gravel McDaniel Road, Minford, Ohio. Yeah. Average American address. It's approximately a two-hour drive from downtown Cincinnati. I'm the guy getting converted by this. Yeah. I'm the guy who goes to the underground. And on the second nativity scene, I'm like, this seems like bullshit. And then I see the third one. I'm looking at pictures. It looks kind of sick. Is it good? I didn't bother checking it out. Because I assumed it would be terrible. You can just Google images it. What if we all turn a big corner? It's kind of a vibe down there. I mean, that's kind of dope. Yeah. It's creepy as fuck. It's kind of spooky. And it's kind of got rainbow lighting in there. Yeah. Which seems sort of at odds with the sort of... But it is also underground, which is also... I think every part of this is jarring. Yeah. I think I can see John Wick blasting his way out of here for sure. Yeah, 100%. A bunch of European ravers who are looking as he's killing people and being like, oh, that's weird, but I'm still dancing. Yeah, it's sort of like in the sort of branch caves, you can only hear like the base of the Eurodance music kind of coming through from there. The gunshots are like nicely timed. Yeah. To the base. I'm looking at the website for it. There's definitely bisexual lighting in one of the Christmas caves. Oh, that is 100% a bisexual colour palette. They also run an Easter cave, which is great. They've got a big boulder. They've got a big boulder over the door. Oh, it's the same cave though, right? They have... Well, I don't know if they're repurposing the cave or if they're like, now on Easter, you come over to this part of the cave, you know? They've got to be repurposing a cave. You wouldn't keep an extra cave dormant for 10 months of the year. No. Who has a spare cave? Hey, I wonder if those caves are completely free of bats or if there's still some nature in there. We talk about nature in Nature Corner. Country roads take me home to the place I belong. Built in this cell, Nature Corner, while the crab sipped my dick. Let's come to us from WBTW in South Carolina. Well, by the way. Hey. That's right. By the way. Florence toughens animal ownership ordinance after man bitten by venomous snake. Okay. That's a good start. Sure. We didn't cover this one when it happened, but fans of the podcast Ah Yeah Dude might recognize this story from a recent episode. You should be listening to the podcast Ah Yeah Dude. Ah Months after a man made international headlines after being bitten by one of the world's deadliest snakes, Florence city leaders are taking steps to toughen its animal ownership regulations. Oh, it's this fella. It's this guy, yeah. You remember this guy? The guy that got bitten by a taipan? Yeah. That's the guy. Yeah. Was it his taipan? The guy that's like, by the way, we don't need anti-venom. Is it that guy? I believe so. He was a big time Instagram snake guy. Yeah. Like, check out all these videos of me hanging out with the world's deadliest snakes. They ain't never going to hurt me. Yeah. Yeah. Quote, that absolutely got our attention. Police chief Alan Heidler told council members on Monday shortly before they approved adding language that prevents ownership of unpermitted livestock and other animals within municipal limits. We need to reject. Previously, there was like a free reign situation. Now they're like, oh shit, we've got to clamp down on this. All of America needs to do this. You need to start clamping down on animal ownership. It's not normal what you guys do. Can't you have this by default? Like, I just don't feel like there are any like parts of Australia that aren't covered by some law saying, hey, you can't have like super dangerous animals. We don't have like weird unincorporated townships or whatever that are like, well, shit, we just never put it on the books. I think they just do. Those laws are for like drugs and stuff. Yeah. There's no law in here that a snake can't play basketball, you know? Yes. Yeah. Well, we're adding one now because of in light of recent events. All the snake bites at the basketball game. A second vote is needed before the measure goes into effect. Violators face daily fines of up to $500 and 30 days in jail. In September, city resident Jeffrey Leibowitz was bitten on the hand by an inland taipan that he was keeping as a pet inside his Marion Street home, one of 14 venomous snakes he owned. Which is funny because that's like almost a joke one. Like we've got taipans in Australia and then we've got the inland taipan, which is the version that's not really anywhere, but also happens to be by far the most poisonous snake on earth. Yeah. So like he got that specifically because it's the thing that will kill you if you get bitten. He got the human killer 5,000 and he had to ship it like a really long way because he's in fucking America. Yeah. He's at the venomous snake store and he's getting upsold on, will you get killed instantly by this snake? Oh, that one will kill you pretty fast, I guess. If you want to die sort of like sometime today. If you want to say at the prosumer level, I guess. That's, yeah, whatever. Police initially responded after being contacted by Florence County Emergency Medical Services. At that time, Leibowitz gave no other information about the location or number of snakes in his apartment. Never give up. Come on, baby. I won't tell you fucking shit about my snakes. Nor if the inland taipan was back in its cage after the bite, the report said. You won't tell him that. You won't tell the police. Well. Yeah. Yeah. Well. I guess, you know, don't talk to the cops. But what if it was like an animal handler or something? Maybe tell those guys. Well, I think that's the cops. Oh, yeah. It's America, isn't it? In America, yeah. During their investigation, police talked with an EMS supervisor who said Leibowitz was known on social media for having a large collection of venomous snakes in his home. Officers then looked at videos Leibowitz had posted on Facebook, which included one where he asked if anyone had antivenom for an inland taipan, the report said. He just posted a video like, hey, guys. Hey, guys. Sorry, it's a question. I'm just wondering, anybody got some taipan antivenom? Anybody have any antivenom? Hit below. Sound off below in the comments. Make it quick, though. Make it kind of fast. Make sure you leave notifications on when you're at me. Otherwise, I won't see it in time. Hey, guys. Doing this new thing. It's called the get me some inland taipan antivenom as quickly as you can challenge. He then said he would be at McLeod Hospital. So if you've got some, bring it to me at McLeod Hospital. Yeah. If I'm not there, I don't need it anymore. If I am there, drop it off. Yeah. Reports state that Leibowitz's Facebook page provided evidence that there were more dangerous snakes in his apartment. Police then obtained a search warrant based on the potential safety threat. Officials are adding the language to the city's public nuisance ordinance. Specifically, it bans. Here we go. Here's a list of what the fucking fascist dictators. Where are we? In Florence, South Carolina. They won't let you have these animals anymore. Here we go. Large birds or waterfowl? Okay. Fair. All right. No pelicans. Noisy. Okay. Shit everywhere. Rodents weighing more than five pounds. Yuck. Yeah. And what does that entail? Like a capybara? Well, it can't make things stink any worse. I think it's got to be capybaras, right? What else? Because maybe like a really large guinea pig. Maybe get over five pounds. Two and a half kilos. Two and a half kilos. Maybe a big rat. If you've got a rat that weighs two and a half kilos. Two and a half kilos? Yeah. You've got a fucking certified TikTok celebrity rat on your hands. Yeah. That's fat rat. Fat boy. Primates. Right out. Okay. All right. Yeah. Probably should have had a law against having primates already on the books. Let's just put a line through that one. Yeah. Livestock. Sorry. Yeah. No more cattle inside your apartment, I guess. Yeah. Bears and large cats. Fair enough. Loving the groupings on these. Yeah. Wolves, coyotes, foxes or hybrids. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Crocodilians more than 12 inches long. You can have a little guy. There's not like a species of crocodilian that stays under 12 inches as far as I can tell. It's like a teacup pig. Like it's fake. You get your teacup alligator. That thing's growing into a full alligator. They don't tell you that. Got a teacup saltwater crocodile. Like, oh, no, no, no. This guy's got 11.9 inches on the button. 11 inches and 11 twelfths. So don't worry about it. He's going to be legal forever. But next week, you've got to flush that boy. I'd like, you know, you wouldn't buy a crocodilian, form a beautiful bond with it. And then the moment it gets over 12 inches long, be like, well, I've got to let you go. That's not going to fucking happen. You think you can say goodbye to him? To Rex? You're going to be like, holed up in your apartment with a shotgun that you've sawn the barrel off. You've cut the stock down and you're just like behind the door just saying, come and fucking take him. I try and take Rex away from you. Come and take them. Come and take my beautiful 13-inch crocodilian away from me. Large, dangerous or invasive constricting snakes? Yep. Yeah? Yeah. That seems fair enough. You don't want an anaconda situation. And by that, I mean the film starring Angelina Jolie? No. Angelina Jolie's dad. Angelina Jolie's dad. That's the link. John Voight playing a Hispanic man for some reason. Okay. He does some wonderful accent work in that. He's like mopping it. He's got his hair dyed like maybe a bit dark. Mopping it his brow with a little scarf. When you see the snake in the forest, then you know the terror. You're like, what did you say, John Voight? You can't be talking like that old white Republican. I would love very much to see how the filing system in your brain is working. That you were like, anaconda, John Voight, Angelina Jolie. Yeah. It's like the Facebook or Google graph system, but it lacks the thing at the end. Yeah. It's just all the plumbing in between. It's just pipes shooting stuff around. Raccoons, hyenas, badgers, wolverines, skunks, and weasels. It's fucked up. You can't keep raccoons. Don't put, I think they kind of snuck hyena into that list, I feel. Who the fuck is having a hyena? Who's had a hyena? Can you get those? That should be on the previous list with coyotes. Yeah. What is a hyena? Hyenas are cats. Should have been on the big cat list. Yeah. Bears, hyenas, big cats. They're big cats. And they have huge clitorises. Yeah. That's one of the facts that I know about hyenas. I've heard that. I've heard that about them. Yeah. Massive. That's a wolverine. He's quite cute. Yeah, but they'll rip you to fucking treads, I think. Yeah. I like it. And they'll smoke all those cigars. Next on the list is Poccupines. Oh, why not? Did you say Poccupine? Yeah, Poccupines. Poccupines. Poccupines. I don't know if that's a typo on their behalf or maybe a regional. Nationalism. Piranha or other dangerous aquatic species. Can't have those. That's fair. Yeah. And bats. They won't let you have any fun. End of list. Down in South Carolina. Now, I noticed that include like rhinos, elephants, giraffes, deer. Deer aren't on that list. Probably get some deer in there. Maybe they're already in there. Oh, maybe they already had specific deer laws on the books. Yeah. Maybe deer and rhino are already out. Cops kick your door down and you're just sitting there pointing at the law books and it doesn't say nothing about ungulates. Uh-oh. I got a mess of ungulates in here and you can't do shit about it until you change the laws again. I got big frogs. I got the biggest frogs you've ever seen. Didn't say nothing about frogs over 2.5 kilos. Hey, if you walked into someone's apartment and they had a bunch of giant frogs, you would maybe think you had seen it in a dream. We explore dreams and their interpretations in something that we call Theo Seas. Let me see, let me see, let me see. Let me see. Let me see, let me see. I have a dream. Oh. Let me see. This is a segment where I explain a recent dream that I've had due to the miracle antidepressant effect saw. Which seems to be working. Very well for you. Which seems to be working. Yeah. I'm laughing. I'm loving life. and Ben attempts to interpret it through the lens of a very stupid dream. Oh, yeah. I actually forgot to do that part. I'm going to just get it off the bookshelf behind me. You keep talking. A vamp? Okay. We killed it for a while because my sleep schedule was completely broken by my beautiful boys who I would not give up for the world. It is a divisive segment. Some people have said, I don't want to hear what happens in your dreams, to which I say, shut up. You're listening to the bonus episode of this podcast. You do not have anything better to do right now. Yes. And I think the best way to win them over is to belittle them. Yes. That will work on possibly the majority of them. Me too. So here it is. I'm walking along streets in the dark with a stranger, and it appears we're heading the same way. I go through a small roundabout across a quaint little bridge before we arrive at my destination, the little cafe where we're doing our live show upstairs. The place is full of people who you could describe as, quote, friends of Ben. One lady has pink hair. While I'm waiting, I go to the shopping centre besides the cafe, and an old friend gets in my face. He says that I've got to go check out the coals they've got there. It's full of pits, full of blue anemones, scooped out, sort of like scooped out craters in the ground between the, like, food aisles and stuff. I head on out to a deck table at the back, and there's an other old friend there who I'm catching up with. While that's going on, uh-oh, diarrhoea. I've got to run to the toilet. There's toilet cubicles in the shopping centre, but they're not in a bathroom. They're just on the side of a public walkway. I go to one of the cubicles, but I lock the wrong one somehow before I start shitting. And the shitting's mostly fine, but the wiping just keeps pulling out more shit. I'm using toilet paper like a big piece of floss, and more and more shit's coming out, while ladies keep barging into the unlocked cubicle, and I have to kind of, like, kick the door back. I'm like, no, I'm in here! And then they see me kind of, like, shitting just forever. Eventually, I try and go to the coals, but it's a big set of scaffolding with fake turf all over, around an ice hockey rink. I go for a little skate around the perimeter, which is also how you watch the game, before I grab a trolley and head on up along some more dark scaffolding and encounter the Greek man, who tells me something important. I open a door, and it leads into an apartment building that isn't mine. Ben. You're going to start with the Greek man? That was the dream? Okay, so a lot of the key words that you sent me aren't in the book. We'll start with scaffolding, because that came up twice. Scaffolding's in the book? Yeah. Isn't that weird? I got my own book here. The diarrea isn't. The Greek man, you will encounter someone untrustworthy. You will have some construction work done by someone who is not reliable. You will get ripped off. To dream of a scaffold denotes that you will undergo keen disappointment in failing to secure the object of your affection. Oh, shit. I don't think you're going to get that house, the little castle out there. No, the little castle house? To ascend one means you will be misunderstood and censured by your friends for some action, which you never committed. Yeah. To descend one means you'll be guilty of wrongdoing, and you will suffer with penalty. To fall from one, you'll be unexpectedly surprised while engaged in deceiving and working injury to others. Okay. I think I descended one. Okay. Well, that's no good. No. That means I did something. I don't want you to start worrying about whether or not you did something, because I know you're always thinking that. Yeah. Can't give me any more of that. Now, I'm just going to check if toilet is in here, because that seems to... Surely we've covered that one before. They did not have diarrhea, for whatever fucking reason. It comes up in seemingly every dream. Are you going to the bathroom like before? Like the diarrhea that you keep pulling it out? Is that like a clown scarf? No, just I'm out of toilet. Toilet, it's... I'm often... I'm often at a toilet in like a public place, and there's like something wrong with the division between the toilet and the outside world. So everyone can see me. This is as close as it gets. Bathroom. To see white roses in a bathroom and yellow ones in a box denotes that sickness will interfere with pleasure, but more lasting joys will result from this disappointment. For a young woman, close enough to dream of a bathroom, foretells that her inclinations tread too much toward light pleasures and frivolities. Wow. That's your problem, brother. Have you been having dalliances with frivolities and light pleasures? Yeah, I've been thinking too much about getting my pussy slammed. I love the idea of surrendering yourself to light pleasure. Just a little. I don't want to overdo it. And that was, of course, Theo sees. Great. What happens inside Theo's head will truly remain a mystery to us. There are other mysteries out there, and some of them are liquids. It's time for Mystery Liquid. Mystery Liquid Can't tell what colour it is With a slick oily sheen What could it mean? Mystery Liquid I see some goop that is forming a pool on the floor Who is it for? I'm gonna taste the Mystery Liquid I'm gonna taste the Mystery Liquid This comes to us from WKRG in Alabama The Korg I was gonna say the Craig Oh, the Craig Mystery substance on cars costs Baldwin County auto customers thousands of dollars Cum It's cum It's all cum It's cum? Local auto detailers have received dovens of Dovens? Dovens? Dovens? Dovens of calls Dozens of calls since last week About the mystery substance that's appeared on cars in Baldwin County While the source is still unknown We have a better idea of how much it's costing each driver to clean it off Wade Murrell The owner of Luxe Detailing and Window Tint What a name Said he's never seen anything like the substance In his 10 years working in the industry Yeah, very enjoyable movie Yeah, it's pretty good It's pretty good Quote, we are getting pounded with calls every day Getting slammed in here Yeah, getting absolutely Back walls are getting hit with these Back shuddered with calls We're getting jackhammered about this goo But we look to take care of as many people as we possibly can Yes, a good game and willing lover We love to hear it No cars refused The next vehicle that his crew is set to begin working on Is a brand new Land Rover that is covered in the mystery substance An almost $4,000 job I'm not stupid Wade I've actually got stuff done to a car before This is my first fucking radio Don't tell Wade it's your first radio And of your credit card to Wade Oh god, I'm about to get fleeced so bad This isn't my first What have I written on my head here Radio He's doing it Wade's doing it Wade's doing it Yeah Or It's like Absolutely nothing And Wade's like Holy fuck This is an altogether new chemical compound Hitherto never before seen on earth And it takes off clear coat from new Land Rovers Yeah, oh We're going to have to order in like some new stock to clean that off So Maybe a few thousand dollar job Probably going to have to get this imported from Belgium I think That's going to be pricey Oh, is that a Fiat? You drive a Fiat? Oh It's going to cost you You can't mix Fiat clear coat with non-Fiat clear coat So we're going to have to get that in from Italy Yeah, your warranty is void on the Fiat This would have been easy to fix if you weren't driving a Skoda Octavia Yeah Unfortunately, they have some of the most unique and beautiful finishes on the planet A check actually, I think He said this car is just one of the dozen booked for services to clean off the mystery gum Donk Murrell said that all of the cars that his crew will restore have one thing in common They all drove down State Route 104 through Silver Hill about two weeks ago Okay Something out there is spurting Something's been spurting on State Route 104 near Silver Hill Look to your left, look to your right If you don't see anyone spurting, you're spurting Congratulations, you're spurting The good news is that with a little elbow grease, it's possible to remove the substance But local auto detailers say they highly recommend leaving the job to professionals Yeah, I bet they do Oh yeah, yeah of course You could Oh, you can't clean that yourself Yeah You're going to have to spend $4,000 with me, Wade Your old pal Wade Remember me from the first act, Wade? Quote, this is not a DIY project I mean, this is something very harmful for a vehicle You have a lot of chances of ruining clear coat paint, Murrell said There's a lot more to this than just taking a water hose out And putting some soap on a rag And then cleaning the vehicle I would try that first, though I'd try that probably multiple times first You can't I mean, unless you own like a Cybertruck It's not going to hurt Yeah You're just describing a regular wash Yes Just try washing your car first before giving $4,000 to Wade Murrell Yeah And I know some of our listeners are Gen Z So you might need a little instructable or something Yeah Tickvert or something Because they don't have cars? Because they wouldn't have washed a car before? Yeah I don't think I've washed a car in maybe 10 years I hate washing cars You just don't have to do it It's fine if your car gets dirty, who cares? That's Dean's problem Yeah Also, yeah It's just, it doesn't matter Yeah It doesn't matter if your car is dirty or if it has a scratch on it Oh, my clear coat Shut up You sound fucking stupid Car looks ugly First of all You can't see clear coat Yeah For one For one Very good reason Second of all Your car is going to mechanically Or like electronically Or computationally fail Well before rust starts eating at the body Like you're going to take your car into a dealership one time Because it doesn't turn on anymore And they'll be like Oh, no We don't support the software in these anymore So your car's bricked Yeah And you'll be like But my clear coat is perfect Turns out your car ran on a 3G network Your car was CDMA Because your car can't go online It can't drive anymore I don't care if it's in pristine condition We're going to cube it It needs to be on the internet It has to be online And yours can't go online Because the Wi-Fi chip is bad And no, we can't replace them See, there's a real lesson there You know Do you want to go into the grave With like a pristine body Having never done anything Or do you want to treat your car like shit Do you want your clear coat? Can't take it with you You can't take your clear coat with you Yes Yes Think about it Murrell's crew was almost finished Restoring a truck a customer bought in last week He said the process can take up to 40 hours For each vehicle That sounds like such a load of shit Sorry You charge hourly? Wade? Do you charge by the hour, Wade? At Lux Detailing? I bet you charge hourly, don't you, Wade? 40 hours One truck One truck, 40 hours There are so many things That take me 40 hours They shouldn't It's just that I'm very bad at doing things And I'm also lazy Yeah So You know what I think is happening Is this guy's saying Oh yeah, 40 hours for your Land Rover He gets out a bucket And a sponge And some sugar soap He does it in 45 minutes And then he spends the next 39 hours and 15 minutes And he's playing One of the Pokemon games On his Switch Yeah He's having the time of his life Feet up Playing Pokemon Ruby He's got Ruby He's got Sapphire Yeah Sword and Shield He's got all of it He's got Sword, Shield Ultra Moon Yes He's got that Eevee one Then the other one as well He's got the Let's Go Pikachu He's got it all He's got the re-release of Pokemon Snap And he's doing that instead of cleaning your car And he's still charging you $4,000 To get rid of the substance He's leveling up his Rattata Yeah He doesn't even keep the base Pokemon That he got given by Professor Whoever He's just choosing like a cool normal type Pokemon And that's his best friend In the whole world right now While your car is sitting there He spends more time selecting the name of a Pidgey Than he spent on your car And then he went with Mr. Bird Which isn't really anything There's no joke there Could have called him Larry Bird or something Idiot Quote What we've learned is This isn't just your normal detail service To get this substance off You're actually having to come in Do wet sanding Paint corrections Burrell said Oh yeah Wet sanding? Yeah you're doing wet sanding You're getting the first eight gym badges Going over the other islands Getting the other badges Going online Getting the sand badge Getting the water badge Yes I'm doing wet sanding I'm doing dry sanding I'm doing damp sanding Yeah He's inventing whole new kinds of sanding Just for you And coincidentally They'll cost a lot of money So much money The apprentice comes over Sees him playing Pokemon Gotta think quick Hey can you head on down to the Auto repair store We need some wet sanding grease Yeah They'll know what I mean I want wet sandpaper Tell them I need the chump special Quote This is once in a lifetime For me to see a substance like this on a vehicle And I pray to God It's the last time we see it Burrell said What? Like counting out big stacks of money What mood do we go off? What mood do we go off? While he says this Why did you say that? In my long ten years as a car detailer I prayed Every fucking night Before I close my eyes I say I hope there isn't ever a substance That gets on cars On State Route 104 Makes me a lot of money Makes me a shitload of money In a very short amount of time Every night before I go to bed I kneel beside my bed And I pray for each of my customers' cars individually I have a shrine I light some candles I pray to St. Christopher Please Keep my customers' cars safe Don't let anything happen to them That would require A service that I happen to offer Sometimes I walk the ground So Tour the Tour the garage And it feels almost more like a graveyard I'm Mother Teresa And I can't save everybody here We do have a bit of an update here Oh good So this is another story from WKRG The Craig The big question in Baldwin County this week What is the mystery substance Appearing on people's cars? I'm glad they used the word mystery That's helpful for us It hit my search terms It's very nice of them While we don't know exactly what it is We're getting a better idea of what ties All of the incidents together Quote I thought it was maybe some mud But it's gotten progressively darker Perry Farlow A Silver Hill resident said It's evolving It's just this dark Yellow Hardened substance All over my car So it started clear Sort of yellowed over time It got kind of harder Interesting Although they said They're looking into it To determine the best steps To work towards a solution The mystery substance Is leaving county And state officials With questions Quote Members of our agency Coordinated with several Of our partners Especially in Silver Hill And Robertsdale With their fire Police and public works As well as our own County departments The highway department And then the Alabama Department of Transportation Director of the Baldwin County Emergency Management Agency Tom Tyler said There seems to be An equal misunderstanding About what the substance May be Or what its origins May be Come An equal misunderstanding Space come You all equally Are wrong about it You're all equally wrong Or you disagree Yeah What are we talking about But there seems to be One common thread The people we've spoken with All said they drove down State Route 104 Through Silver Hill Last Wednesday Some decided to take matters Into their own hands Doing their own research To learn more about The substance Anybody remember Any teens on an overpass Yeah Yeah This sounds like A lot of the substance This is an awful lot Of substance Like loads of it Yeah Bucket loads of substance Bucket loads Yeah Quote We're getting lab results From this chemical Off of several different vehicles Not just one Not just two Several different vehicles Langford said I don't know what Several means Like don't give me The dictionary Of definition If it's not one Or two Just say the number Yeah Three We have to be so coy About it We're sending the substance Off to the labs And we're having it tested He said they're hoping When the results are back They'll be able to get A better eye of ear Of how exactly It got on their cars Now I came across This Langford person In my own Research Because they are The admin Of one of the Two different Facebook groups That have Been created To try and determine The origin Of the substance Yeah One of them Has like a really Long name That's just like Cars that have been Impacted by the Mystery substance In blah blah blah On state route 104 It's great And they're very active A lot of people I saw like 40 people Replying to a Post where they were like Hey Sound off If this happened To your car Because we need numbers Yeah A lot of people Been gooped A lot of people Got gooped Around Silver Hill Alabama He said they're Hoping when the Results come back They'll be able to Get a better idea Of how exactly It got on the Cars Quote I've got three Kids in school I don't know When I would have Time to go Take care of this Local resident Perry Farlow said I was in the Market for a new Car and now I don't know How I'm going to Sell this if I Don't get it Taken care of Yeah So you're just Getting around With the Goop on the car Yeah Everyone's going Oh Sarah's dad Got gooped Oh my god Sarah's getting Dropped off In a goop car Why does your Car smell like That The Baldwin County Emergency Management Agency Said there are no Indications or Evidence the Substance would Pose any health Hazard as of Friday afternoon They have not Received any Reports of Anything of This nature Pertaining to The substance But is it Of a sexual Nature They didn't Comment on that Either Tell us if It's from Sex Did anyone Did you think To just have A little lick Did you like Ask like Sort of anyone In the town Who's like Lived a little Yeah To maybe just Have a little Oh yep Cum Oh it's Cum Yeah there's Some online Groups Oh that's one Of those Lubes that's Meant to look Like cum A lot of People get Tricked by This but No I'd Know that Anyway That's one Of those Cum play Lubes For sure Now I Developed my Own theory About this I spent a Little while Today Sort of Digitally Using a Digital avatar On Google Maps Going up and Down State Route 104 Around the Area of Silver Hill Now This business I don't think Did it I just really Enjoyed the Name of the Business Around Silver Hill Alabama On State Route 104 We have Barbara's Standard Poodles Okay It's great I would love To go and Look at Barbara's Standard Poodles Sometimes Poodle Poodle Breeder I think She's a Poodle Breeder Yeah The thing About her Poodles If you've Seen one You've Seen them All Yeah They conform Very neatly To an ISO Standard But the one That I really Think is Probably The culprit All right Yellowish Sticky Substance That is Like Crazy Chemically Dense Just to The east Of Silver Hill Alabama On State Route 104 There is a Coca-Cola Bottling plant Oh You think They got that Original recipe Going I think There was a Lot of Original recipe All over The road A bunch Of cars Went through It And then You've Got this Like Sugary Acidy Substance That's Eating away At the Clear coat Of your Car And no One Really deals With Substance At a Scale Like Coca-Cola They're Like one Of the Biggest Players In Substances That's True Yeah They'd Have Loads Of it This Stuff Must have Come From above Though Right It's Not been On the Road It's On the Body Of the Car Yeah But it Does It's Splashed Splashed Up The Sides A Little Bit Ah Okay They Might have Had an Eruption Of Substance That Is True They Might have Yeah Yeah Things got a Little bit Overshaken In there Hopefully we Find out about That We'll keep An eye On it We'll probably Never do a Follow up On it Ever Probably But hey It's just Nice to know What's Happening In America And we See The other Stuff That's Happening In America In America Watch America God what a Great song This comes to Us from Reddit.com Forward slash Work advice And this is Some sort of Forum I believe Where people Can ask For advice About Work Their Workplace That sort Of stuff Here we Go My Roommate Was written Up today Because yesterday He took down A couple American flags After being Told to do So Apparently He let them Touch the Floor As well as Didn't Properly Fold them Oh My Fucking God They were Never Given Any Training On flag Code And they Work at A chain Grocery Store That's a Whole post Fucking Shut up Powerful Country While Being Such Little Precious Babies About This Yeah You guys Flag Went on The floor Oh my Flag Touched The ground Old Old Glory That 13 Year old Over there He dropped Old Glory In the Parking lot Of a Dollar General Is the First thing To ever Stain the Flag Oh my God You Fucking People Are Losers Flag Cucked You You Didn't Fold The Flag Right Oh look It's Meant to Be The Corners Should Be Over Here Shut Up Just Shut Up Just Shut Up It's Cringe You're Being Cringe Right Now Why Does Dollar General I Mean He Didn't Say But No Probably It Is Statistically It's A Dollar General Why Do They Have Multiple Flags For One A Couple A Couple American Flags A Couple Flags Perhaps On Your Multiple Flag Poles Do You Think Your Expectation Would Change Depending On The Business Like Maybe If You Were For Example A Gun Store If You Were The Flag Store I'd Be Like Buddy You Should Know About Flags You Work At The Flag Store If You Work At The Gun Store Maybe Probably Because You He Was Not Given Adequate Flag Training Which Is Also Not A Thing That Should Exist No That's Very Incredibly Stupid We Don't Really Respect Our Flag No We Don't Really Just Thrown Around By Some People We Don't Tend To Put Flags Up Except In Special Occasions Like Bunnings The Enormous Hardware Store Chain That We've Got Here Has Typically Has Three Flag Poles Out The Front Which Means You Can See Them From A Very Long Way And There Are Never Flags On Those Bad Boys They Don't Put Flags On The Flags It's Just Three Poles It's None Of Their Bloody Business What's Up with The Poles Out The Front Of Bunnings Actually Stuff We Should Chat About They Would Put The Flag If They Gave A Fuck And They Correctly Don't Well I Mean Because Of Woke Maybe Wokeness Took The Flags Down They Probably Did At Some Stage And Because Of Woke It's Because They're Left Over From Hardware House When Wes Farmers Bought Them The Three Masks Represented The Parent Company Howard Smith Limited Which Often Use The Symbol Because Of Their Beginnings In Shipping Flag Poles So Theo When You Said That I Was Thinking Specifically The Oxley Bunnings Which No Longer Exists Had Three Of Those Poles Out The Front They Represent Ships Masts You Could Post A Picture Of The Empty Flag Pole At Bunnings And Say That The Woke Took It Down A Million Facebook Likes We Should Be Doing Engagement Do you Still Make Money For Being Racist Yeah Absolutely Money Still There But Yeah No Putting The Flags Up Stupid As Hell There Nothing To Believe In Anymore Your Country Is Evil The Flag Represents Dog Shit Yeah Like I Love America Like Genuinely I Think It's A Beautiful Place Full Of Beautiful People Unbelievable Landscapes And The Vibrant Cultures And Different Cultures But Like Your Country Is Evil It's Rotten And It's Dying Like The It's Like A Lumbering Beast That Has Been Wounded In Its Side On Its Last Legs It's Coughing Up Blood And Like The Vibe Last Time We Went There Was Bad Like The Psychic Energy Of The Country Felt Sick I Felt Unwell That's The weird Monologue From True Detective He's Talking About The Psychosphere That's The Whole Country Now Has That Evil Louisiana Psychosphere You Guys Like You Got Oh The National Parks Come On Forget About It Beautiful Some Cuisines But The taco bell You got those taco bells basically everywhere But the flag The flag You Take that down Wipe your ass with it What are you going to be proud of Yeah You have to be like The most psycho kind of Australian To have a flagpole Like you see flagpoles in American houses I don't have one at your house If you see Yeah If you see an Australian flag outside someone's house here They're like a Like a Nazi Like Nationalist Like a high ranking Nazi Some people down the street from us have like a relatively new big McMansion And a huge Australian flag that is just like perpetually draped over the balcony It's not even like on a pole Yeah That's your kind of casual work and double shift Nazi setup Yeah And the only place with a flagpole that I can think of around me is the place a couple of streets away from me That they've got a flagpole that does double duty for Australian flags and Finnish flags I think They swap them I think believe they have dual allegiances Which ended up being on the album cover from the latest Oh The Violent Soho album By Violent Soho 4122 represent So that's the one I can think of And that's like streets away from me They probably put them up at the school Yeah probably I mean government buildings They fly them and stuff I think we spoke You know very early years about this About how They were pushing to put a pride flag next to the Australian flag In government buildings And Erica Betts said that it was flying the flag of an enemy nation Because he was talking about the kingdom of the Coral Sea The micronation that had declared war in Australia It's fucking dope It's so cool There's a house in Paddington near me That they fly a flag Like they have a flagpole and stuff But I think it's just like a smiley face most of the time Cool Yeah which you know that's better Yeah You're in your early 20s You listen to Spongle Put a smiley face up there Spaceship Earth I love doing Acid I bet if you did Acid we'd get along like really fucking well What if we all just did Acid And listened to Spongle Wouldn't the world be a better place? Are you guys saying a real thing? Yeah we're saying Spongle We'll never know if you're doing a bit or not When you say bands Which funnily enough Their most well known song Is the Star Spongled Banner They're really embarrassing Everything Everything is connected There's a bunch of bands that I've enjoyed throughout my life That I think are like The top five of things I would be the most embarrassed about If Maddie like walked into the house Got home from work And I was listening to them But the other day This is just for Theo really I was listening to Ziltoid the Omniscient In the kitchen I was doing some dishes Fucking unbelievably good album But I was just thinking like If Maddie came home early And said what's this? Partway through one of these Oh I was kicking dogs in here I was masturbating I was just masturbating in the kitchen Yeah I like to do it right in the sink That's right I was coming on all of our glassware I definitely wasn't listening To a space opera metal album Ziltoid the Omniscient Called Ziltoid the Omniscient I was listening to something I thought was very Very innocuous The other day I was like cooking No one else was around And I had some music on On the stereo downstairs And Elna was upstairs With the fucking door closed Minding her own business And later on So for reference I was listening to a band From the 90s Called Morphine From Seattle Right? Fuck yeah Two saxophone guy Two saxophones at once Dana Colley Playing his two saxophones In harmony with each other At the same time My brother saw him live At the ANU refectory In the 90s Dope And then my mum also saw them live Because it was an over 18s gig And she had to take him Dope Wow Which is also the reason That my mum has seen Jeff Buckley live Dope Yep Cool And Elna Later on Elna was like What were you listening to Downstairs before? I was like What's going on? And despite the fact That I feel like We've all just registered It being A pretty normal band I was like I'm so embarrassed now What happened? I feel I feel self-conscious About listening to something In the public space Of My own home Yeah You just gotta compromise A little You know There's some things I wouldn't listen to like Primus's You know They can't all be zingers While Maddie's also Hanging out in the kitchen Because I love my wife I don't want to stay Stay with her What are you putting on for her? What's the What's the shared Taste overlap there? Oh I mean If we're like Just hanging out In the kitchen Having a glass of wine Doing some cooking Or whatever I'm probably putting on some You know Crung bin That's an easy win Everybody likes a bit of Crung bin Maybe a little bit of Surprise chef Both like surprise chef Bit of glass beans You know Or a little bit of Glass beans Yeah maybe some no joy Both like some no joy Okay Gonna see a glass beam soon It's very exciting What did you and Caitlin Both like? Oh shit The Avalanches We just got Since I Left You On vinyl Beautiful Wonderful album One flower Put that on too It's got some bangers It's got some Some mellow shit On there Lucy I assume You and Pat have like Yeah we got some Pretty big crossover We were both Of a certain age In the late 2000s We listened to Interpol We listened to the Smiths You know how it is Yeah just depressed People stuff Yeah exactly Hey this was Definitely an episode Of the podcast Punta Vista Thank you so much For joining us It's been a crazy ride We learned so much About the world We learned a little bit About ourselves And we hope you learn About the world And a little bit About yourselves as well I hope you learned About some goops Yeah You thought about Substances Yeah Yeah None of us learnt The nature of the goop But I hope we do In the future If this story happened Like Well if any of these Stories happen You know like A short drive From your house Which seems to happen A lot Let us know Give us like Personal anecdotes I would love more Information on the substance Did you taste the goop? Did you put the goop In your mouth? If you see a car With it Have a little lick Just a little bit I reckon it's gonna be sweet You know how many Like fucking forever Chemicals are in the stuff That you have all the time That's meant to be Okay for you It's probably fine To just like Lick the car once It's the one thing You're gonna eat today That doesn't have Microplastics in it Exactly It's probably hostile To microplastics It's probably actually Better for you Than not licking it Probably Yeah In America? Yeah Yeah Hey We'll see you on The free episode Stay safe out there Don't be a stranger Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye You told me not to stop, told me not to stop You said you liked to hear me talk You told me not to stop, told me not to stop Little red feet with big blue toes Let me put my hand inside your throat Little red feet with big blue toes Let me put my hand inside your throat Cute buttons like pointy little people Don't bite to me Cute buttons like pointy little people