 Welcome to Boonta Vista. This is a message from Lucy. If you are hearing this, the fog is coming. Remain inside your homes. The fog is coming and it makes you jack off. If the fog enters your home, you will start jacking off. Stay inside your homes and listen to Boonta Vista. The fog is coming. This message is not a drill. Gather essential supplies and keep your podcasting app open. The fog advances with purpose. If your loved ones begin jacking off, do not approach and keep a safe distance. The fog does not discriminate. You are not immune. Andrew, Theo and Ben have been taken by the fog that makes you jack off. Please remain calm. The fog is relentless and unending. Remain in your homes. Do not turn off your podcast. Communication has commenced with Andrew, Theo and Ben. Do not be afraid. Please provide an update on your status. Hell, I'm jacking off right now. Yeah. Communication lost. The fog is coming. Hell, fog ain't the only thing that's coming. I'm worried it's going to start talking again. It's really going to start talking again. Okay, I think we're clear. You reckon? Yeah, I'm in the fog that makes you jack off. Clear the fog or the message? Oh, man. The robot lady voice is saying, Fog. The Fog. The Fog. She was also saying, Podcast. Podcast. Podcast. Unending. Robots aren't quite there yet. Lucy is at, she's away. Yeah, where is she? She said, Where'd she go tonight? She's going to go see Cold Chisel. Going to go see Cold Chisel. Okay, folks. How do we describe? Now, a little while ago, our listenership kind of ticked over into more Americans than Australians. Who gives a fuck? Well, what I'm saying is, who wants to have a go at explaining Cold Chisel to the dirty fucking Yanks? It's a band, but you've got to be old to like them. Yeah. That's about the size of it. Okay, so you know the meme track. It sucks. There's like guys in like an ironic kind of Western setting. And it goes, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, bah, bah, bah, bah. And then like, there's a man standing behind the mountains and he's holding his hat and he's going, he's just squealing. Yeah, there you go. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sort of like that. He's got a cowboy hat on, like a bit of a leather duster kind of thing. Yeah. Okay. I think it was an actual song. I don't think it was like a meme. I think it became a meme after the song. I made it as a meme because. It's the Kieran Callanan, who's that guy that exposed himself. Yeah. Who did I, the pervert on the red carpet? On the red carpet. Or some shit. Yeah. Yeah. That's Australian culture, folks. Yeah. We love exposing ourselves. I don't know about that one. On Big Brother. Anyway, so that's Mr. Cold Chisel guest appearance by Jimmy Barnes. Jimmy Barnes. Yeah. And they, yeah, kind of play like mid-tempo rock music, but with high-pitched, I don't know. Fucking, I don't know. Jimmy Barnes is all right. He's all right, isn't he? It's an Australian pub rock band. There's not really much to explain. It's an Australian pub rock band, yeah. Now, if you're not into Australian pub rock, you could check out The Tin Lids, which was a children's pop group formed in 1990 comprised of Jimmy Barnes' children. Yeah. Okay. Yep. And if you're not into either of those things, check out the band Ocean Size. Some pretty good post-metal there. Three great albums. One not-so-good album. And if you're not into any three of those things, we have nothing else for you. We can't help you. It turns out you're the pickiest fucking person on the planet. What's your fucking problem? First of all, you're American. Take a look at yourself. Take a long, hard look at yourself. Hey, if you got three music recommendations from a podcast and none of them was something that you liked, you might think that you had been scammed. It's time for Scamwatch. Warning, warning. Someone has successfully or unsuccessfully attempted a scan and must be judged. This is Scamwatch. Now, I know that's supposed to be a warning, but to me, it has the exact tone of the message that they play when you're in the queue for the Superman ride at Warner Brothers Movie World. Oh, they've never been on it. They're trying to get you hyped up, but they also slip in some safety messages. They're like, holy fuck. Everything's coming apart. Rip your sack off. Do not wear your hat. Krypton is collapsing. Make sure that your shoes are firmly on your feet. This is from WISN in Wisconsin. Wint the Wizen. Yeah. Missing kayak and presumed dead faked his own disappearance and fled the country. That's his business, you know? I don't presume to know another man's heart and soul. Yeah. I don't presume to know what kind of crimes he's been caught for. Yes. Me neither. A Wisconsin kayaker. Perhaps. A Wisconsin kayaker who has been missing for months and was presumed dead likely faked his own death and fled to Europe, investigators said Friday. Hold on. So they didn't find him? Because he's fled. Yeah. But that's how they've just concluded. He's talented Mr. Ripley-ing now? What's the presumably in there doing? Like, they know he's in Europe, but he might have also died at the same time? That is true. What's in question here? They don't know for sure that he's alive, but they do know for sure that he left the country. He could have been organ trafficked by Albanians over there and be, you know, all split up into pieces. He could have been tookened. Ryan Borgwart, 44, vanished after a trip. No. I'm starting fresh. I'm sick of hearing about this name. Ryan Borgwart vanished after a trip to Green Lake on August 12th. Green Lake County Sheriff Mark Podol said Borgwart's family reported him missing after he hadn't returned from a kayaking trip to the area. Yeah. It is about one hour north of where Borgwart and his family live. Quote, There was nothing we could find, so we continued our search, and it continued for 54 days, Podol said in a news conference Friday. Does that seem like about 52 days longer than they usually search for people? Yeah, 100%. Didn't find him. Well, dead now. Definitely not in Europe. Did they find his kayak floating slowly upside down on a creek somewhere, though? I think they found the kayak. They didn't say whether it was an ominous sort of Boromir-like omen that he witnessed earlier. Yeah. Yeah. Bitten in half. Severed penis lying in the bottom, you know. Nothing like that? Through repeated searches, investigators found an overturned kayak and life vest floating in the water, along with Borgwart's fishing gear. I knew it. Oh, it was overturned. Yeah. Well, if you're faking your depth, you've got to turn it upside down. No one's going to believe it if it's floating right side up, because that just looks like you've been raptured. Yeah. Or like you simply stepped out of the kayak and walked away. Keith Cormican volunteered with his sonar equipment to help search. Cormican started the non-profit Bruce's Legacy in honour of his father, Bruce, who drowned in 1995. Correction. His brother, Bruce. Cormican has helped to recover the bodies of more than 50 drowning victims since he founded the non-profit, and much of his work he does for free. Just for the love of the game. I fucking love finding a waterlogged corpse. I love dead bodies. Do you think they found Bruce's body? Or is Bruce in Europe? It's probably distasteful. Yeah, maybe. I don't know. It sounds like this guy started a charity where he helps other people who have had similar losses. It's probably distasteful. I agree with you. I don't know why I'm in trouble. Okay. In the search for Borghort, Cormican said he broke multiple pieces of equipment. Quote, early into the search, I went through $10,000 in repairs, Cormican said. Who's going to reimburse you for that, you know? Cormican also said he thought something was strange about Borghort's disappearance early on in the search. Quote, certainly a week into it, I was starting to question whether he was really there or not, Cormican said. Quote, he said to me, what? Oh, he said to me, Sheriff, I've done a lot of these searches and I can't find him, Pote all said of his conversation with Cormican. In October, Pote all said he found out law enforcement in Canada ran Borghort's passport August 13th, the day after he disappeared. Oh. Probably a good step to take, yeah. Yeah, so I think probably alive at that point. Yeah. Probably not in the creek. Probably not in the creek. Yeah. Like, I don't know how much these searches cost. Yeah. Well, he's $10,000 in repairs alone. Just, like, fire off, like, if they got, like, a SharePoint workflow or something they could do that, like, someone gets lost and you just do the check. Maybe just check straight away. It is kind of nice to know that, like, you know, in your head you think, oh, we're living in this very sort of digitized age. You know, your retinas are being scanned everywhere you go. Everything's being, you know, filed away, sent to some central database. If you're using your passport or a credit card or a mobile phone, they'll be able to find you. And it turns out it's kind of, like, can't. It's not like the police have, like, one thing where they just type in this guy's, like, ID number or whatever and then it searches all the things. They can, but they don't like doing it if they don't have to. Because that's work. Canadians are bilking them. Yeah. You want to do an ID search, huh? Just $20. $20? How much do you want it? We're talking USDs. Quote, wow, yeah, that was something we didn't expect. What the fuck are you doing? What is... I think the small town sheriff probably assumes guy on a kayak who goes missing from his kayak has probably been in a kayaking accident. Haven't you seen, like, Twin Peaks or anything? He's probably seen Twin Peaks. Amanda Palmer, whatever happens to her, I don't know. Did you watch Twin Peaks? Hasn't he ever heard the expression, it's always in the last place you look? And did he look in Canada? Yeah. He looked in Europe. And the case unraveled from there. Oh. Yeah, probably pretty quick. Investigators said a search of Borghort's laptop showed the 44-year-old father moved money into foreign banks, bought an airline gift card, took out a life insurance policy, and had been communicating with a woman from Uzbekistan. Ah, the nefarious Uzbeks, at it again. That's just all of them. That's all of the red flags that you could have had. It's pretty much every indication that you could give that you intend to disappear and become an Uzbeki farmer. Like, last Google search was nice places to live in Uzbekistan. How long it takes for... How to find a nice wife in Uzbekistan. Uzbekistan wife sex how often? Uzbekistan trip advisor? 3.2 stars? Oh, that doesn't sound good. On the other hand, though, they'll never look for me there, you know? Yeah. Quote, Ryan, if you're watching this, I'm pleading that you contact us or contact your family. We understand that things can happen, but there's a family that wants their daddy back. But I'll set it in front of the press. Things can happen? I mean, yeah. Look, there's obviously a few conflicting feelings that they must be having. Yeah. Right now. The name two of them. The faked death and the money-diverted tickets to Europe. Uzbek lady. The new Uzbek wife. The new Uzbek wife. Busty Uzbek woman. I think he's gone, dude. I wouldn't. Yeah. Until he gets kind of, you know, stripped at knife point by the quote-unquote Uzbek wife. Yeah. Who's just like four Italian men. Very big trench coat. Italian maid. I think that, you know, the family can want their daddy back all they like. I would say that this guy has put maybe like ten times the effort into his decision-making process to abandon his family that most fathers do before abandoning their family and not coming back. Yeah. Is he mainly trying to avoid child support? Well, no. He's doing the opposite. Because the life insurance policy wouldn't pay out to him because he's dead. The life insurance policy pays out to his family. Oh, pardon me. He's taking care of his family. Yes. So that he can go and do it Uzbek style with a brand new lady in his life. He really could have just taken off, though. Like, I feel like, yeah, most of these sorts of dads are just like, they're just getting on the plane and they're just going. Like, it used to be easier. It used to be easier for sure, right? To say, you know what? Not feeling it. And just like move the next state over. Law enforcement did not specify exactly where they think Borg Ward is, but they did say they were trying to make contact with him, determine what crimes, if any, he committed, and file a lawsuit against him for the wasted county resources. Oh, come on. That's a, that's a, that's, that's sore loser stuff. Do you want him back or not? Yeah. Don't punish him for doing the right thing, which is returning to his family. I'm sorry that you spent 54 days looking in the creek before you decided to check if he had, like, used his passport or moved all his money overseas? That's on you. Yeah, sort of a you problem. That's, that's called secondary behavior. Yeah. He can't be punished for that. Uh, I, I'm really curious as to, when they say what crimes, if any, surely some part of this has to have a baked in crime element to it. Insurance fraud? Insurance fraud is a crime. Insurance fraud? Yeah. Is it just like faking your own death a crime or is that covered under the, is that the first amendment? Which one's freedom of speech? I think it's one of the mortal sins. It's faking your own death? Yeah. Hey, if this guy had faked his own death, he probably wouldn't have turned up in the ripping report because a guy dying kayaking happens like, uh, constantly. And it's not particularly funny and it's pretty sad, but let's look at a death that would fall under the ripping report by doing a segment we call the ripping report. I'm itching for another edition of the ripping report. Finally, someone who is dead. This comes to us from the Indianapolis Star. Coroner ID's man found dead inside Planet Fitness tanning bed on Indy's south side. Oh no. He's looking good though. No, he's not. And you've got to find out why he's not. Oh no. Looking like a mummy. Oh no. They shrunk his raisin. They made a little leather guy. Okay. The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department is investigating the death of a man who was found inside a Planet Fitness on Monday on the city's south side. The man was identified as Derek Sink, 39. Sorry. Sorry, Derek. By the Marion County Coroner's Office. The coroner's office had not determined the cause or manner of death as of Tuesday. No, they were trying to rehydrate him first and get a good look at him. Now, I want you guys to try and keep track of some information you're about to receive, okay? Just sort of hold the days and the numbers in your mind as I give them to you. You know, I'm really good at dates and numbers. Police received a report at about 8.26am Monday that a body had been found inside of a tanning bed in the Planet Fitness at 8708 Hardigan Street. When police arrived, they located Sink, who was reported missing on Sunday by his family. According to police records, his family had last heard from him on Friday. Oh, no. Members of Sink's family confirmed that Sink had gone into the tanning bed on Friday and was found dead on Monday, according to WTHR 13. Vaccinated? Off a doofa. That's a long weekend inside a tanning bed. Sure is. Man. Feel hot in here to anyone else? Now, you might think maybe this is like a crazy gym that doesn't open on weekends. So they sort of missed him on the Friday and they didn't find him until the Monday. The South Indianapolis Planet Fitness Hours indicate the gym closed at 9pm Friday. It was open 7am to 7pm Saturday and Sunday. On Monday, the gym opened at 5am and Sink was found shortly before 9am. You know what? I don't think finding him early would have helped him. Well, no. He died in there on Friday. Yeah. Oh, for sure. He didn't decide to stay an extra night in the tanning bed and then die from that. Like, oh, no one's kicked me out yet. Yeah. He didn't forget how to get out of the tanning bed. How long can I keep this going? Maybe he was making a YouTube video. 30 hours in tanning bed? Sliding doors situation where he still dies at Planet Fitness but in the jacuzzi. It could have happened anywhere. It was a ticking time bomb. As of now, police are investigating the case as a death investigation, not a homicide. The Indianapolis star reached out to a representative with Planet Fitness for a comment regarding Sink's death. Quote, we are deeply saddened by the passing of one of our members and the franchise owner is working with local authorities in their investigation. McCall Gosselin, chief corporate affairs officer at Planet Fitness, said in an email to the Indianapolis star. Huh? Just hearing that name. McCall Gosselin. Beautiful. Yeah. As for how a body remained in a tanning bed over the weekend, the company said it has, quote, robust operational brand protocols in place. Oh. And is, quote, working closely with our local franchisee to ensure they are upholding those brand protocols. I mean, if the protocols have anything to do with, like, checking inside the equipment to make sure no one's been in there for, say, let's say longer than six hours. Yeah. Then I feel like it's kind of self-evident that the protocols aren't being followed in this case. If the brand protocols that you followed led you to this, of what use was that brand protocol? Yeah. Exactly. I just feel like that shouldn't even have to be a, like, corporate-level brand protocol that, like, at the end of the day, you do a quick sweep of the tanning beds just, like, to make sure no one's passed out in there. Yeah. Make sure no one's in there like a slow-cooked goose. Yeah. Oh, I hope no one in here is being braised in their own juices. Anyone being broiled in here? When do you reckon a body wouldn't start to smell for, like, a while, right? Not if you dried the fuck out of it. Yeah. It's been mummified. There's no details on, like, kind of smell. No. Skin feel. And they would have, unless the staff were standing around for 14 hours saying, you smell something? Maybe a raccoon died up in the vents. No. I think, uh, I think this holds interesting possibilities. And immediately we must all be asking ourselves the same question. What if the Egyptians had access to tanning beds? Yes. Yep. Some of those squiggly lines and shit on the walls of the pyramids would look different. Yep. Because they'd have tanning beds on them. Horizontal line, series of squiggly lines coming up. That's right. Goddamn. This is, um, yeah. I, I, do you think the reason they don't specify whether or not the tanning bed stayed on the whole time was to avoid gruesome details or because it just, it was off and so it wasn't a problem? No, it was fun. Like, making his shit. Fun? I don't know. I think it's because they know that the speculation is more fun than the answer. Yes. As we have displayed here today on this podcast. And podcasters need their grist. Yes. Give us rampant speculation. It's all we have. Hey, my mill is empty. You don't have any, uh, spare some grist. Hey, if you discovered that a guy had been dead inside your Planet Fitness franchise for three days and none of your employees had noticed, you'd probably have to have some tough talks with those employees. Sometimes we like to have some people we'll never meet or communicate with. We do that in Paging Dr. Lucy. If you find that you are having a little relationship trouble Just to pick up your telephone and dial it on the double You call 1-800-317-515 Now your page in Dr. Lucy This is from r slash relationships over 35 Hey, that's me. Anyone got ideas about making a fun evening? No. No. You famously do actually struggle with that. I don't know what to tell you. I am sorry. You have come to the wrong place. My wife and I, both 33F Oh, she's single? Also, just for whatever reason, in case any pedants try and write in about this Relationships over 35 is for relationship questions for people over 30. That's what it says in the description of the subreddit. It seems like they fucked that one up. Maybe some sort of idiot who can't pick up from context clues. So my wife and I are together for 18 years. We have a daughter together. We're married. We have busy lives, etc. And we keep having serious discussions about life planning. And while they're important discussions, it's starting to drain us. I want us to have some goofy, chill evenings. But we keep getting back to talking about things that stress us. And we can't really relax. Sorry, can we just pause for a second? Do you say she's 33? Yes. How old's he? They are both ladies. They are both 33. They're both 33F. They're both 33. And they met when they were 15, I guess. All right. I was just checking, just in case the elder of the two was like 36. You were ready to destroy them. I was. Yes. But this appears to be some sort of hostile sweetheart. We're giving the green light to this relationship. Yes. You are good to go. Hey, lesbians. We endorse you. Hey, lesbians who've been together for 18 years. You've got Theo's thumbs up. You've got the podcaster's approval. Two and a half straight guys are giving you the go ahead. We're doing the thing that they do on the flight deck of battleships with the signs. Yeah. Waving you in. Go for it. Hey, keep on being married. That's on us. Yeah. Unless, of course, she's pissing you off. It sounds like she won't just chill the fuck out and watch the latest episode of South Park and wants to keep talking about, you know, damn Mango Mussolini over here. I like that you've already taken a side on this. That's fantastic. Yeah. That always sounds like a bitch. The problem is that there aren't enough identifying details for me to, like, pick one of the two. Like, we have a daughter together, married, busy lives. We keep having serious discussions about life planning. And while they are important discussions, it's starting to drain us. I want us. But we can. Look, there's a lot of us and we in here. Yeah. What about you? But it's the writer who says, I want us to have some goofy chill evenings. Now, from that single instance of I alone, I surmise. By life? I surmise that it is the other wife who keeps bumming her out with these serious conversations. The one that's written this is sort of, like, laid back and kind of fun. Loves hanging out. The other one's an old nag. Same age. Depending on where you live, have you tried weed? Yeah. That's a fun, goofy time. Even our next video game that we want to play is a narrative horror game. It's not relaxing at all. Any ideas? You've got to play your games together, too. This is so specific to you. That seems really specific a thing to include. Your next video game. So you guys play your game together. Do you think they're doing through a queue? You reckon they're playing co-op? Or do you think they're doing the classic couple thing of, like, one of them's playing and the other's pointing and saying, go over there. Go over there. I think they're playing Until Dawn. That's a narrative horror game? Yes. I believe they're playing Until Dawn. No, Until Dawn? What's the... No, it's a... Until Dawn's the one where you, like, one person's a serial killer and the others are the people trying to get away, right? No, that's Dead by Dawn, isn't it? Dead by Dawn, yeah. So Until Dawn's the narrative one where, like, your choices affect the, like, branching paths and people get killed off and stuff. Like Heavy Rain. Like Heavy Rain. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds like they're maybe playing The Last of Us 2. They're playing, you know, a Silent Hill remaster. Yeah. I was thinking... Maybe they're playing PT on a PlayStation 4 that hasn't been patched. Yeah. They're probably doing one of those hacks to get PT. The hacks to get PT, yeah. They spent 15 grand on a PS4 that got it just in time. And she's complaining. What if they're playing one of those... What's the company that makes, like, it's like a narrative decision, like a choose-your-own-adventure style game? Oh, Telltale. Yeah, maybe they're playing one of those Telltale games. I'm playing Telltale. This doesn't sound like a Telltale thing to me. No. Okay. Narrative. Telltale signs aren't there. Look, I've got one suggestion. Play a fun game. Yeah. Play Astro Bot. I'm hearing a lot of talk about Astro Bot from mostly you, Theo. From me, yeah. I'm up to the very last challenge level and then I'll probably go and play Final Fantasy 7. But I've got... You know what? I just realised the other day I can play Alan Wake 2 now. Yeah, I saw that. I love me a Remedy shooter. I saw you realising that you could play Alan Wake 2 now. And now the listeners can hear me do it. Yeah. Because they love that. I never played Alan Wake 1. Maybe I never will. I think... More like Alan Woke. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, probably. Nowadays. Yeah. What with how he is. I think if you're at the point where you are asking a subreddit for something fun to do, you're fucked. Like, there are probably... With enough constraints. Yeah. If you're like, hey, we're looking for something fun to do, but these are the restrictions we have. Like, our kid is this age. We can only go to these sorts of places or whatever. Like, you have a super narrow field in which you can choose stuff. That's a question that kind of makes sense to me. If your question is just, what are fun things to do in life? Help me understand the concept of having fun. I'm 33 years old. Yeah. You need so much to control. You're screwed. Like, the last 33 years, you've fucked up real bad. Yeah. You should have found something. I don't think that this is like a spectrum thing either because there's plenty of things to do out there. Yeah. You could learn how to make your own guitar pedals. Yep. You could. Or reupholster furniture. I'm just listing examples from one autistic person that I work with who got, like, new hobbies. It's a real problem, though, because, like, I feel like hobbies, like, the spark kind of has to come from inside you. Yes. You know? Like, it's all well and good to just Google, like, hobbies, top hobbies, 2024, Reddit. Yeah. You know? And then look at some hobbies and say, I'll give this one a go. But, like, I was talking to someone about this the other day about, like, how, generally speaking, if I'm considering a hobby or something I've been interested in, it's got to be something where I can figure out, like, some budget way of just having a go, you know, where maybe you're spending, like, under $200 to kind of start having a go at this thing and figure out if you like it enough to pursue it or if you're going to do it frequently enough to justify any future investment or whatever. And that's usually something that I've found popping into my head over the course of months or years. And I've finally gone, you know what? I'm going to give that a go. I'm not getting on Reddit and going, hey, can anyone online have an idea for me? Yeah. Fuck. Like, what do you, what do couples do together? You've got kids, so it's not like you're, you know, you're probably not going to go out and do something crazy. So it's probably something you can do together at home. I wish we knew how old the kid was. Because that would also kind of help us a little with timeline as in, like, did you guys meet when you were 15, like, get married at 18, have a kid at 20, and now you're like, oh, oh, fuck. Who are we? Who are we? Are you having a little midlife crisis, you know? You've been with the same person for, like, literally your entire adult life and some of the rest of it. And now you're like, hold on. Who am I? Do I even like narrative horror games? Yeah. Do I even like you pointing your finger, like, one inch from your spouse's face? You? Just like, I don't know. How about, I reckon, start with weed. That's a good start. Just like, you know how you've probably had friends in your life where they didn't smoke weed at all as a teenager or in their early 20s, and they discovered it in their 30s? And then you kind of lose them for a couple of years? Because you know how, like, we did it at a healthy point in our lives where it didn't really matter that we just sort of tapped out of the world and our responsibilities to drugs? But then someone who's, like, 32 has a weed gummy that a friend gives them? And they're like, holy shit, and I can do this all the time? And then they do it all the time, and then they just sort of kind of lose the plot for a little while, and then they come back three or four years later, and they go, wow, what a rush? You could do that. So that's the next four years of both of your lives sorted. You're just, like, staying inside, popping way too many gummies and watching, like, Mystery Science Theater 3000, three episodes back to back. That's a whole night sorted. Bam. Or, you know, ask Reddit. Or ask Reddit. Yeah. I think you should probably get your advice from podcasts. I think that's the best place to get life advice from, I think. That's a real form. It's a real form of entertainment. Yeah. Conducted by real sources of intelligence, you know? Good looking, too, a lot of podcasters, which seems counterintuitive, considering that it's an audio-only format. Yes. Correct. Even though a lot of these Johnny-come-latelys insist on fucking videoing themselves while they make their podcasts, wrong. You guys don't even get it. You don't even know how it works. Yeah. Idiot. Stupid. While we're talking about that, you know what I fucking hate? Yeah. Go. Go. Go. Go. How people do that thing where they make viral TikToks or Instagram reels that are just framed to look like it was said on a podcast. What is the deal with that? What's the deal with that? Because you're not even making a podcast. And we're not making the video element because that's not what we're about. Yeah. We're also not promoting ourselves because sort of that's not what we're about. Or the show. Or. I think everyone that listens to this probably spends most of their week telling their friends to listen to it, which is like the best kind of marketing. Yeah. There is. Yeah. And I guess a lot of people would probably find us from like the iTunes front page. It's like, ooh, fun, irreverent. Top 10 current events. Comedy current events. Yeah. Yeah. Australian comedy current events. Zany. Short list. Implied left leading. Pulitzer. Yeah. Yeah. You'll probably find us from that. No fucking idea how you would find us in America where they've got way more podcasts. We check in on America in America Watch. America. It's coming to us from CNN. Come and go is going away. No. Come and gone? Yeah. All our institutions are dying. That is what I wrote in the document there, T-Bird. Okay. But you're not in the document. We're so in sync. I'm not in the document. We're like that episode of Neon Genesis. Come and go is going away. Its new owner is rebranding all of its locations with a familiar name to Idaho. Comey comes. Yeah. Come master. That's right. Come and go. The Midwestern gas station chain that gained national fame for the immature Snickers its name often receives is making a change. Judging me, CNN? Yeah. That seems you. Sort of changing your differentiator seems a bit strange from a business point of view, but you know, go off, I guess. Yes. Yes. Tear them down. Get them from a marketing perspective. If you're an Australian, you might not be familiar with this. So come and go is spelt K-U-M. Close enough. The rest of the line. So close to the way that's like the sex way of spelling that word. And now to Americans, they just drive past it and they go, yeah, that's the come and go. I got to get my gas there at $3.20 a gallon or whatever. At the come and go. At the come and go. I'm going to buy a glizzy at the come and go. Yeah. Going to get glizzed up at the come and go. I need a footlong from the come and go. Yeah. I need my 64 ounce soda at the come and go. But to us, it actually sounds quite funny because it's got come in the name. Yeah. Over here. That's the stuff that pops out when you rub it for a while. Around here. Come means nut. To bust, if you will. Yeah. I think the closest thing we have to like a business that has an absolutely insane name that the people that live near it have just learned to live with would be the Tasmanian bottle shop chain 9-11. Yeah. I should. I do want to clarify, though, that I don't. I don't honor any of the names that are like we made it. We made it a double entendre on purpose. Oh, get fucked with that shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like cheeky names. Shut the fuck up and fuck off. No. Yeah. Like BurgerTime69. Wait, is that the sex number? That's the sex number. Yeah. Fuck off. I bet your burgers suck. Not going there. Wouldn't they? That 9-11, though, they didn't do that for clicks. They were called that before that fateful day. Yeah. They stayed true to themselves. Yeah. They went, hey. The planes hit that building and they feel very conflicted. How? Great for marketing. Who do you think, like, how long after the second tower hit the planes that the first person who works at a 9-11 realized it was going to be a problem? Are we talking like, because most of them would have been asleep. Yeah. And then you wake up and it's like tragedy, et cetera, on the 11th of September. Yeah. And you're like- Takes a little while to kind of- Yeah. And to us, we would have been like 11-9. Yeah. What's the big deal? What's the big deal? If your bottle shop was called 11-9, you'd be fucked. Yeah. Phew. Back to bed. You know? Man. They must have had so many meetings. Like so many. Yeah. What do we do? Like, I'm talking Jared Fogel, subway number of meetings, meetings. Like a lot. It's like, we got to change the fucking name, right? We can't. People know us as 9-11. Yeah. And it's got presumably their opening hours in it. I wonder if that's still true. Let's- Also, we had the name first. Before that fateful day? Before that fateful day, yeah. So two days out of seven, 9-11 is open 9 till 11. The rest, it's open 9 to 10. Okay. So it could just be called 9-10. And then there wouldn't be anything, any references to that fateful day. Fateful day. Mostly 9-11? It's sometimes 9-11. Sometimes 9-11. 9-11 on weekends. 9-10 and two-sevenths. Maverick, a rival chain that bought Come & Go in 2023, announced that it's in, quote, process of rebranding Come & Go stores with the intent to unify our entire combined footprint under the Maverick brand, marking an eventual end to the 49-year-old naughty name. Quote, while we're committed to this vision, we are taking a thoughtful market-by-market approach to ensure the best customer experience before confirming each state's rebrand. Yeah. We just got to be real careful with all the people who go, hey, wait a second. The Come & Go's a Maverick. So you got to handle that pretty carefully, I guess. A Maverick spokesperson said in a statement to CNN, a specific timeline for when the Come & Go name will be fully retired wasn't revealed. Come & Go was founded in Iowa in 1959 by Bill Krauss and his father-in-law, T.S. Gentle. Huh? Yes. That's such a good name. Where did we go wrong? Please. Mr. Gentle was my father. Yeah. It was founded as Hampton Oil Co., great American business name, and eventually expanded across the Midwest, changing its name to Come & Go in 1975. They didn't have Come in 1975? No. What did they call it then? What were they calling it? Ejaculate? Or did they just not have a name for it? The society wasn't ready to talk about it yet. Yeah. It wasn't until the Green Door came out. Everyone was willing to call it something. I've got an idea for them. Why don't they do some international outreach? They align themselves under maybe like a brand that has recognition elsewhere in the world. They rebrand to Come on 9-11. Just imagine the number of people that ironically buy the shirts. That's a million dollar idea. In a 1993 interview with the Des Moines Register, Krauss said that the K stood for his name and the G stood for gentle. Huh? Gentle comes. Choosing the Come & Go brand because, quote, it had the fewest number of letters so the signs would be cheaper. Now that's thinking. That's a man. That cannot be true. Please say that's not true. I want half the number of letters. The inferred sexual innuendo became part of its reputation. I don't think if it's just the word come, it's an innuendo. That's not an inference. No. That's just the thing, but spelt slightly different. Quote, I can bristle and be offended, or I can look at the fact that 100,000 people a day come through the doors of come and go, Krauss said, who died in 2013. What are you offended about, buddy? Imagine living long enough to see the dynasty that you started, the great come and go service station dynasty, become lewd. Yeah. See people in the street looking up at the sign and snickering after all that hard work you put in. That's exactly what Atlas Shrugged is about, I think. Despite being a regional chain, the brand has often found itself in the national spotlight. A line of branded merchandise bearing the name exploded in popularity when Johnny Knoxville wore a come and go t-shirt in the sequel to the Jackass movie. Fair. Yeah. They got the Knoxville bump. Come and go has 400 locations spread throughout 13 states in the US Midwest and South. Maverick's acquisition brings the combined number of locations to about 800. That makes it the 12th largest convenience and gas station chain in the United States. Jeez, that's a long list, isn't it? It's a very fucking long list. That's one of the things about America is you just, you don't have to drive very far to start seeing completely different chain stuff. And it's not like it's small chains. It's still hundreds of places, but like two states over, they don't have it. And when they talk to each other about this stuff, they're like, what? You don't have a Wawa? You got a come and go, but not Wawa? You don't have stinkers? Yeah. And you're like, wait, we've heard of all this stuff. How have you guys not heard of each other's stuff? We're always saying we're going to go down and get a car splooched. You guys don't have sploo? You don't have splooge and leave? Hey, to see the last come and go finally be gone. I was trying to get a pun there. I realized we've used a super obvious one once already. That would be a crime. We check out crimes in Crime Watch. Please put down your weapon. You are in direct violation of the code 113-69. You now have five seconds to try. Hey! Help me! Help me! Help me! I'm not in the way! I'm not in the way! I'm not in the way! I'm not in the way! I'm not in the way! This is from WHTM in Pennsylvania. ATM stolen from York County Bank. Trooper's investigating. Yeah. Yep. I think it's gone. I would look into that. Where'd it go? That'd be my first question. It's been tooken. And who has it? And why? What possible reason could anyone have? We just don't have a motive for this one So strange That's 10 ATMs in the month Just don't make any kind of sense What would make someone go and do something like this? There's no patent to it I don't get it, it's full of someone else's money What could they want with it? An ATM of the York County Bank was stolen early Tuesday morning And state police say they're looking for the culprits An ATM alarm at Truist Bank Located at 16,576 Susquehanna Trail South In Shrewsbury Township Went off notifying troopers Who then got to the bank before 2am State police at York said in a news release At the bank troopers say they saw the ATM was gone And found a skid loader Skid loader? That's what I call my butthole I don't have a name for mine The suspects managed to steal An older model Ford F450 And a skid loader with a trailer From a nearby maintenance shop Troopers said they learned while investigating They multi-classed They did this video game style They unlocked different kinds of crime Level 10 thief Level 99 thief Do they not put like GPS trackers in them? In skid loaders or ATMs? In ATMs Yeah, it seems like you could put that inside an ATM Couldn't you? Yeah, unless they didn't care Yeah Unless it's insured for more than the amount of money in it Yeah, they probably like Oversold it by like 20 or 30 bucks And then they're up 20 or 30 bucks Yeah That's money in the bank Everybody wins Which is what they are Yeah And that's what they want, I think After getting to the bank The skid loader was used to break the ATM free And load it onto a tow-behind utility trailer Connected to the Ford So these guys just rocked up To like an adjacent shop Yes Like grab the truck Grab the trailer Grab the skid loader We take the skid loader over to the bank We put the ATM on the skid loader Use the skid loader Put that on the trailer Drive the truck away And these guys rocked up with like Like empty-handed, presumably Maybe a screwdriver? Just to sort of get the little rubber thing Off the window Coat hanger maybe? This is amazing It is fantastic Yeah They got done by the guys from Sexy Beast Still haven't seen it Oh, you must Bet that was great Ben, you would love Sexy Beast You got a Ray Winstone You got a Ray Oh, buddy You got Ray Winstone out the wazoo You got a Ben Kingsley in there? Ben Kingsley He's saying cunt all the time Being the scariest person alive Yeah You got some fantastic editing Some beautiful directorial choices Lovely European locations That's not a Soderbergh, is it? No, it's not No, no, it's Jonathan Glazer Jonathan Glazer, that's right Whoa I think this is the sort of crime people should be doing Like, instead of like rocking up Victimless too Yeah, absolutely no victim Everyone's insured Everyone's insured Just rearranging the pieces a little bit Yeah Just take what you have at hand It's sort of like cooking You know, you open up the fridge And you go, what can I create from this? You just stand on a street corner Have a look around Skid loader Ford F450 Utility trailer ATM Oh, honey, I just had the best idea Absolutely Everyone can cook That's right Everyone can steal It's like the take a penny, leave a penny tray Some people don't need the penny Some people need it more than others Yeah That bank doesn't need that ATM They've got heaps of money When would they take money out? They've got so much money, dude Like, in the vault back there Yeah There's got to be more Yes, presumably Presumably I still don't really understand How that all Yeah, what's What do they keep it back there? Isn't it all on the computer now? Yeah Or is that where the computers are now? I've said this before But we went to a cashless bank by mistake We went to the fucking I think it was the ANZ at Tuong And Maddie was like Oh, I need to withdraw some money And they went Oh, no, no We're cashless So that's not really our thing Excuse me What is a bank If you don't have a vault With a handle that you spin And all the money's in there Yes So what are you? A bunch of people that can't help? That's the only kind of person you have? Is the guy that says Oh, I don't know about that You have to do that online Is it just the computer back there? Yeah With the ANZ webpage? Because I can get that I have that on my phone Yeah, I've got that on my You have a quarter of that on your phone On my bigger phone Fuck off I thought I was going to beat you to it I'm always thinking about how tidy one of your phones is Alas and alack, yeah Yeah Goddamn There's only two denominations they have anymore at the bank Ones and zeros Yes Yes Thank you, Andrew Correct What of now of days Yeah It's fucked up And these Yeah They're not even like the people do anything They're always going to redirect you to the website They're not going to actually like give you a bank loan or whatever Do you still have to like wear a suit and tie And go sit with a guy to get a loan? Does that still happen? And he's like smoking I mean we did But that was 11 years ago I don't know I've never had a loan before I've never got one of those Yeah They sound like a lot of work The guy's going to ask me about my spending habits And he's looking at my bank statement It's a general rule It's if you would like to put money into the bank Hey Very easy However you want to do it However you want to do it, chief They're not asking If you would like to take money away from the bank Or possibly to cease doing business with the bank altogether We just We don't know how to do that online Can't do that here I'm afraid We haven't got that figured out yet on the computer Yeah You know Also it doesn't work on the phone You try and call them They're just redirecting you You're bouncing you all over the place I'm sick to death of the modern era And it's changes that came with it And I'm the first person to feel that way That's right Crime Watch That's where we talk about crime Here's another one Crime This is from the Niagara Gazette Beekeeper accused of swiping colony It's always in the first place you look Yeah Beekeeper's house There it is Classic beekeeper stuff Really A local beekeeper has been accused of taking another beekeeper's colony of honeybees And equipment off the side of a business in the town of Lockport Oh see I was picturing a disgruntled beekeeper Who like took his own colony that he was looking after Maybe on behalf of someone else You know On behalf of the bees Maybe he was like a Yeah maybe he was hired to look after the bees on some rich dick's property And one day he was like You know what Fuck these guys They don't deserve all of you He says Kind of motioning In a way that encapsulates all the bees Even the ones that are floating around the hive Not just the ones that are in it Yes And he's not just singling out the queen either He's kind of including everybody Because he gets it Yeah He gets it in a way The queen's nothing without the workers Don't Yes Yes I bet all those workers could turn around And throw an uprising on that queen If they wanted to as well I mean there's so many more They hold the power Of the workers Than there is of the queen Yes Correct Think about it Like if they wanted to rise up Yeah They wanted to like lift their skinny fists Etc Like yeah Yeah I could if I wanted to I just don't feel like it The queen's pretty good man Oh I don't know I kind of like the queen Yeah She's kind of like my mom Not like those elites Yeah The victim That was political commentary by the way That's political commentary yeah The victim contacted the Niagara county These are also orange Reminds me of a certain Person in power The victim had contacted The Niagara county sheriff's office On October 23rd To report that his equipment Had been stolen While he was servicing A bee infestation At a house On the 5800 block Of South Transit Road You don't have to service it I think you've got to remove it Do not give it An oil change So on and so forth That is a weird way To phrase that isn't it Sounds like You guys got everything you need You guys look good In the walls here The equipment consisted of A 19 inch by 12 inch By 8 inch nucleus box That contained a colony Of honeybees And was valued At $500 It was installed In the front of the business At the time of its theft According to the Regional director Of the business The security footage Showed that the box Was taken at about 7.30pm October 18th Sheriff's investigators Noted they were denied Access to the security footage By the business Without a warrant Yes Yes Tell them We understand Our rights They say Stopping the police From solving a crime That's been committed Against them Yeah good idea Back off Can I Can I Can I just call out The Niagara Gazette For a second Sure Beekeeper has been accused Of taking another Beekeeper's colony Of honeybees Off the side Of a business Yet They claimed That the nucleus box Was installed In the front Of the business At the time of the theft What the fuck Is going on Yeah that's crazy While the front Is one of the sides That's true Yeah So hang on I'd have to see The building To really make A call about this It's not an igloo Perchance A yurt You know So the footage Is from The beekeeper's business From The Local business That had The infestation That had the box Attached to it Oh gotcha Okay Yeah No no So this makes This makes more sense So So the beekeeper Who had his stuff Stolen Yeah Raised Raised that With the police And the police Went to the business That was getting Serviced at the time Yeah Because they had The bees in the wall But he had Hey I want those tapes And they said No Come back With a warrant Is the Infestation And the bee box Unrelated Over my dead bees Yeah It just would be Very funny If it was The person Who raised The crime Like hey Can we see those tapes And they're like No No Solve it With the other Materials available to you I I can't do that Right now I want you to see that Hey I can't do that Maybe ask later According to Another employee Of the business Also contacted police To report that she Had investigated The incident Don't worry I'm on the case And contacted Other local beekeepers For information Eventually finding one Who admitted He had taken the bees Oh Sorted Upon making contact With deputies The suspected Beekeeper I think we Suspected Of being a beekeeper We know he's a beekeeper Said he believed The bees were not Being attended to Properly And that the front desk Receptionist Had given him Permission to take them Hey Look we're all done here But I just gotta ask you A question real quick Those bees seem sad To you Yeah Those bees seem fulfilled Do you have an opinion On how fulfilled Those bees Seem I mean I can take them Do these bees Seem held To you He was however Willing to return The nucleus box And the bee colony To the victim The receptionist Record speaking To the beekeeper But did not remember Giving him permission So the receptionist Has gone Yeah yeah yeah Whatever Yeah yeah yeah The guy's like Great I'll be right back With my truck Signing for the package And going uh huh Not really paying attention The owner of the bees Said the equipment Had been tampered with And was no longer useful He also stated He would like to pursue Charges And that guy tried to Crowbar open the nucleus box Or something What'd he do to it Are you talking to my bees Out there The suspect was charged With petite larceny And surrendered At the Niagara County Sheriff's Office On October 24th He is scheduled to appear In town of Lockport Court I want to see That court appearance Yeah I took the bees Do I regret it Hell no They deserve to be Somewhere better So This secondary beekeeper Took it while Another beekeeper Was there But Occupied Yeah Occupied with an infestation And this guy goes Oh I'll have these Now's my chance Yeah It's a crime of opportunity No I disagree I disagree He was there And he was like Too busy for these bees Huh Not giving them the time They deserve Not meeting their needs You know You know who could meet Your needs Me The me keeper That's right Hey that was definitely An episode of the podcast Bunte Vista Thank you so much For joining us Thank you for subscribing Keep it up You're doing great Love your work Good job Yeah It would be awful If you stopped Please Please keep going Actually I just checked And you are Right up the top Of the leaderboard You're really doing it We will see you On the free episode Stay safe out there Bye Bye Bye I just got an Xbox A cheap drink Tell your Hoffman pizzas pew P P The