 So all that remains for me now for me to drop my ballot into the box. Boy, I hope he wins. Phew. Oh, hi there. This is Buntavista. You've just caught me, Theo, in the act of exercising my democratic rights. That's right. I just voted for Dev Patel in the Footpedia male under 40 category. He's a stunning performer. Let's hope he's got the juice and the piggies to clinch victory. I'm also here with Lucy, who's on the Royal Beat. Lucy, Queen Lizzie left wonderful handcrafted size four shoes to fill. Some are worried King Charles won't be able to pick up the slack. How's he faring in the Royal category and is Camilla Jew for a late turnaround? I think he's probably got some pretty stinky little piggies by the look of him. I'm thinking wet, always wet. Not really the best, not what you're after. Do you reckon he's got furry little beefy shoes there that are making them all pruned up? Oh yeah, they're pruned up in there. They're pruned up. Lots of hair. Lots of hair on the big toe, top of the big toe. Yeah. Or the little toe, where you wouldn't expect to see it. They're going to be getting like, like, podiatry, like, on the reg, right? Do you think they've just got, like, a podiatrist on tap? Like, he lives in the castle. Yeah. He's sort of, I think he's positioned, like, at the foot of the bed. Oh yeah, every day. So they're just ready to go in the morning. And also with me is Ben, as always, covering the alternative category. Ben, is there anything this year to rival our reigning champion, Joyce Carol Oates, and her feet pick following Poison Ivy contact? Do we all need to have another look at that picture? Let's have a look. Joyce Carol. And Mark, if you can make that picture, the, the episode thumbnail. Don't make demands of me through Mark, who doesn't exist. Oh yeah, look at, that is something. What do you say? You've guys seen this? You heard about this? No, I hadn't. You hadn't? All right. I'm just going to drop something. There it is. You found it? Oh. At least he's found it. Oh. Oh. All right. Great. That's really ruined my day. I'm not making that the pick. There's no fucking way I'm making that the pick. And this is the worst thing to happen today, the 6th of November. That's right. Just don't bother looking this up. If you feel like your person needs a visual aid, there's just no reason. Framing that as just a feet pick, really not descriptive of what you're going to see. No, there's barely any foot in the pick. There's barely any foot. The top third. Like a half a toe. Man. Should, does poison ivy normally do that? Is that what it's supposed to do? God, it fucking just went to like images like this at the bottom. How's that? And a lot of the images that are like that are actually much worse. Poison ivy toes, large and nasty poison ivy foot, double poison ivy foot. Wait, did you read the words large and nasty from, oh yeah. Wow, there it is. So it's just the image description, sorry. From poison ivy.org. Come with me. Poison ivy.org. Then we'll see. Don't say large and nasty because that sounds like the start of like a porn video title. That's horrible. How come porno's so yucky? That's something I've been thinking about. Why don't we make clean porno? Why don't we make clean porno? Yeah, let's make it clean. What about a nice little like roll in the hay? Yeah. How about- Everyone's all going to be like stepsister this and my uncle that. I don't think anyone's doing like uncle stuff. Uncle style. Oh, better not. Let's all go to a lot of uncle stuff. Uncle, step uncle. Oh, sorry, that was actually one of my filters. I've got to clear that. Hey, I bet if you saw Joyce Carol Oates's foot shortly after that happened, you'd wish you could get away from her. One of the fastest ways you could get away from her is in a car. We see what's happening in the world of cars in Car Watch. This comes to us from KTRK in Texas, the Turk. Audi e-tron appears to drive itself crashing into home in Houston's upper curvy neighborhood. Cool. All right. Yeah. Pretty cool. Yeah. A new Audi e-tron Q8 electric SUV seemed to drive itself from one driveway to another in Houston this week and it was all captured on camera. All right. So they shouldn't be doing that. This happens in a Twilight Zone episode, right? Yeah. Evil car. In the Twilight Zone. Evil car. Yeah. A little long speech at the end from Rod Serling talking about how the most evil thing in the world is an evil car. Audi e-tron. I think we need to get one thing straight. The wheel and pedals are my holy apparatus. Yes. And we should not be giving that over to the computer that's running like Android 13 in the car. Yeah. I got to say that like there's no version of it that's good to me. Like if the robot physically turns the wheel and depresses the pedals, I'm like, whoa, whoa, fuck off. Don't touch that. But why do you even need to move the pedals in the first place? You're a robot, but. If it's reflecting it, if it's doing those things but the steering wheel and pedals don't move in accordance with what it's doing, then it's devious and it's sneaky. That's true. And it's hiding what it's doing from me. I'd feel more comfortable if they just said that like a ghost was driving it. Like if they marketed like the self-driving, it's like a way mode, but a ghost is driving it. That would like make me feel more at ease, I think. Yeah. You're driving like the Audi poltergeist being driven. by the Audi poltergeist. Yeah. At least if it's the supernatural, you're immediately being like, well, this is just beyond my care. But if it's like something that's like some guys in Silicon Valley made, I don't like that. Yeah, I don't trust that. Quote, my husband and I were in the bedroom and all of a sudden I heard the boom. And what was going on in there. Yeah. The whole house shook. It's unbelievable. Yeah, they got a WeVibe. Am I right, ladies? Yes. WeVibe.com. Bunta10. Discount code. 10% off. They ran downstairs, but had to watch the security video to understand what really happened. The Audi appears to pull out from their neighbor's driveway, back into their driveway, hit their garage, and then go back into its own driveway. Cool. I have a theory so far. This is like when your child wakes up and opens the fridge to piss in the drawer and then goes back to their own bed. Yeah. It's exactly like when that happens. That classic. Or like when your piece of shit dog leaves for four hours and then just comes back to your front door. Yeah, when your piece of shit dog runs away and you get really stressed out, you're really upset and you call your partner and you're like, I lost Winston. I fucking lost Winston. He's dead out there and it's my fault. And then he just walks back into the house like nothing happened. Yeah. Yeah. What do you reckon he did for those four hours? I have no idea. I've been trying to think. Like, where was he? Because he doesn't have like an internal theater or anything, right? Like, he's not like having thoughts out there. Yeah. I have no idea. Maybe like when he's outside of the confines of like, you know, being inside in a home or with a family or whatever, his brain just like opens all the way up. Maybe. Maybe it was like a fucking Pixar movie out there. Yeah. When he went out there, he was getting sausages for butchers. Maybe he said like a Napoleon situation. Yes. Like the film Napoleon. Yeah. Not like... Not, sorry. Not the Ridley Scott. No. I mean the Australian film Napoleon from roughly the late 90s. Yeah. Well, he became best friends with a lizard. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? I can see that that would be confusing. I feel like a lizard and Winston are kind of on the same level spiritually. Yeah. Kind of spiritually the same. Yeah. Well, good on him for coming back. That's also very funny. The idea that he can navigate to where his home is is so far... Yeah, that's what shocked me the most. The last thing I expected was that he would be able to find his way back to my home. How did you know he was at the door? Or did you like see him like that? Oh, he scratched. He was just scratching at the door. Yeah, it was fucked up. That's amazing. Proud of you, Winston. Yeah. Quote, the car pulled out from their driveway, came across the street, missed my husband's car right there, and boom, hit into the driveway. Then it backed out, backed up their driveway, settles in the middle of the street, Sack said. Why is it doing any of this? Why is it doing any of that? That's... It is such a like a weird like... That's like a car sack tapping your house a little bit. It's just a little... Yeah. And then, oop, and I'm gone. And you're sure your neighbour wasn't in the car. Yeah, there wasn't someone like ducking down like real low. I think it was your neighbour ducking down real low. Well, there is a little bit of evidence to support that theory. Sack said what was really odd is that they realised nobody was in the car. Quote, that's what's so bizarre. Nobody's in there. A runaway Audi, Sack said. Parts of Sack's glass and metal garage door were damaged but thankfully no other cars were hit. Sack says Audi came and took the vehicle as she and her neighbours tried to figure out what went wrong. On its website, Audi says the Q8 has driver assistance but not autonomous driving. Hmm. This car doesn't have an autonomous driving feature. So what the fuck happened? Yeah, so what the fuck? So what the fuck happened? The neighbours in the footwell. Does your neighbour have kids? Maybe? Maybe. Does they have like a little nine-year-old shithead who's like kind of smart enough to figure out how to drive a car but not quite smart enough to know how to pack the dishwasher? Yeah. I would, like these people seem shockingly incurious about how a self-driving car, sorry, a non-self-driving car A non-self-driving car self-drove itself into their house and then away from the scene of the crime. And then went back to where it was. Also, I'm a little hung up on the Audi engineers coming out like immediately to collect the car. It kind of feels like a sort of like a black bagging of like an ET sort of figure. 100%. So don't worry, we'll take care of that. We can't let this get out. They took this car off to Guantanamo. Currently having Slayer blasted out at 24 hours straight. No sleep. So you tell us how you did that, Audi Q8. Over the phone, the homeowner who had leased the Audi said they did not know what happened and were waiting for the dealership to give them some answers. It could be a braking failure or some other issue that is not yet obvious. A braking failure? A braking failure was to go that way and then back the other way. To park itself back at your house because the brakes failed. I didn't put the handbrake on. You don't need that. You don't need the handbrake. It feels insane to me. Why are people not more alarmed that this car has become self-aware overnight? This is exactly like the plot of that movie. Stealth. Hey, if this suddenly autonomous, not autonomous car had crashed into a human being, that human being might have ended up in a segment that we call The Ripping Report. I'm itching for another edition of The Ripping Report. Some of these ones are pretty grim. All right. So prepare yourself. I mean, sort of that kind of day. Yeah. A 41-year-old man in Jackson, Mississippi died while trying to repair a hydraulic line on the tailgate of his dump truck when the gate malfunctioned, burying him in hot asphalt. No. That's rough. Uh-uh. That's nasty. That's a sore death. That is not a good. Yeah. That's that bad. You got Final Destination. Yeah. Man, that's fucking rough. Hot asphalt. Yeah. Hot. Hot. That's it for you, isn't it? Oh, yeah. You're going in there, you're not coming. Yeah. Yeah. A 36-year-old woman from Italy died while surfing in Indonesia when a swordfish jumped out of the water towards her, spearing her through the chest. Oh, my God. I didn't think they could do that. I didn't think they could do that either. Oh, they 100% can do that. They should. Is it sharp? Is the thing sharp? It's so sharp. It's sharp as fuck. Why else would they have it? Because they spear fish with them. I thought it looked sharp. Like, spearing fish is one thing. I spear a fish with my finger, you know. the right ankle. Pardon? Yeah, I guess. Fish are kind of soft often. Fish are pretty soft and squishy. Man, that is just... We've... You've got to laugh in that moment. You've got to laugh, right? You've got to laugh. Oh, with your last sort of choking breaths. Yeah, like if I'm getting like a Wile E. Coyote death. Yeah. Yeah. There's going to be some humour to it. Obviously, this is how I expected to go out. Yeah. Yeah. I expected I'd probably just like drown or get a concussion from some rocks or something because I'm a professional surfer. Yeah. And that comes with its own set of risks, apparently including swordfish. A 37-year-old woman in Wichita, Kansas died from injuries sustained on an airstrip after she walked backwards into a spinning propeller while taking photos. Oh, no. No! Yes. Oop! Oh! Oop! Yeah, no good. So she's going along on a flight for people that are skydiving. So she's not skydiving but she's taking the photos and as they're loading up the plane with the people that are about to go skydiving, she's taking some happy snaps and she's looking through the thing and she's taking photos and she's walking backwards. You know, she's zooming out with her feet as we say in the beers. Yeah, she's zooming out taking the good angles. She's got to take those Gen Z angles. Yeah, getting that wide angle on there. 0.5 lens or whatever, you know? Yeah. And then one step too far. And then blup. You've got to watch out for the propeller of the plane. You really, I'm so paranoid if I'm on, anytime I've been around like small aircraft or helicopters or whatever where you're in a situation where like, it's not like at a big commercial airport where you're really funneled into these little lanes where you can't really fuck up. Yeah, away from the engine. Yeah. I'm so paranoid. It's just like, hey, keep away from the life enders over there. Yeah. One on each side. Yeah. Or like one at the front if it's like a Cessna kind of deal, right? They'll pretty definitively end your life. Yeah. Like a real, there'll be a note of finality about it. Yeah. It's sort of like an on-off switch for your life at the front of the plane. Yeah. That you're not going to want to intersect with. Outside the propeller zone? Now that's living. Yeah. Inside the propeller zone? Now that's dying. Now that's dying. Now that's dying. Yep. Yeah. And finally, a ground worker at Helsinki Airport died while emptying the toilet waste from an Airbus A350-900 when a towing crew prematurely moved the aircraft, pinning him between the aircraft and the waste truck. No. So he's emptying out the toilet with his toilet emptying truck doing his job. He does every day. He's the toilet emptier at Helsinki Airport. And then the guys on the towing crew are like, should we double check this plane's ready to be moved? No. Move it. We've got to go get it into the parking zone over there. And then bam, this guy's pinned. Now, something you should maybe know about this plane, this aircraft registered as OHLWO. Oh, it's Epstein's old plane. It is not. Epstein's old plane claiming another victim. From beyond the grave. It's actually a special plane. This is one of two aircraft that were chosen by Finnair to be special 100th anniversary planes because they had their 100th anniversary last year. Congratulations, Finnair, where they picked two planes and put Moomin Livery on them. No. Oh, he got fucked up by the Moomin plane. He got toilet squished by the Moomin plane. He got toilet squished by the Moomin plane. Oh, no. You know the Moomin's? You familiar with the Moomin's, Theo? I'm looking at this now. I'm not familiar with the Moomin's, but I'm looking at it now. I don't want to be squashed by a Moomin. Because they're sort of hugging each other, the Moomin's. Is he a guy or is he a Moomin? Is the man a Moomin? I'm sort of newly familiar. Oh, they're Moomins. I think they're Moomins. I thought he was just like a guy, like a character. There is a guy in the Moomins as well. Kind of looks like me. Moomin, right? I thought the Moomins were the, I don't know anything about Moomins. Moomin town, Moomin papa, Moomin mama live in Moomin house. All right. I feel like we might have spoken about this before. Sniff, Snufkin, Moomin papa, Moomin mama, Moomin troll, brackets Moomin, the Mimble's daughter, Groke, Snorkmaiden, and Hattie Faddeners. All right. We can deja vu. I know we have one listener who's a really big Moomin head and I'm sorry, Rowie, that I never mentioned in the four or so years we were together that I don't actually know anything about the Moomins, but I know that you love them very much and I apologize. For disrespecting them on this podcast. Yeah. Kind of getting to them now at a late stage. I'm a late Moomin bloomer. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Moomin troll is simply called Moomin, except in the first episode in the Japanese version where the narrator introduces him as Moomin troll. Is Moomin troll a Moomin? Yeah, I assume so, right? He's a Moomin. Yeah. No, Moomins are trolls. Okay. Mr. Brisk. Muskrat. You got Jockster, Muddler, Postman, Hemulance, The Hobgoblin, Stinky, Alicia, Prima Donna's Horse, Mrs. Philly Junk, Mimble, the ancestor, the ancestor, the ancestor, the most ancient and wisest of the moments. Hey, I bet we're all feeling a bunch of big feelings after hearing about those tragic deaths and sometimes the only way to deal with big feelings is to eat some comfort food. Perhaps we'll find some comfort food in this installment of Looks Like Menus Back on the Menu. Looks like menu back on the menu, boys! This comes to us from our dear friend at the Grosseront Guru. Weekend sport viewing, the ultimate game day food guide. Alright. So, as you guys know, we're coming into sport season, so I thought it would be easy. Sport season? Yeah, sport season. It's always game day. Yeah, you know, a lot of big game days coming up because of the sport and stuff and I thought let's... When you're a hockey fan, it's always game day. Is it a year-long season? It's just so long and it's just like every day. Americans love to play like sports to like an incredible density that we're not used to in Australia. We have five matches this week. There's just more of them. What? It's so much content. Wow. Yeah. Well, you know, you're going to be having all these parties for that and you're going to whip up some tasty apps. Maybe a few entrees. You need your venti apps. Apps and onche. Brewskies. Brewskies and apps. On game day? A couple of fresh apps. A couple of ice-cold brews. Lock it in. So here's just some tips and tricks for sort of maximizing your weekend sport-viewing game day foods. As sports seasons overlap, football kicking into high gear, basketball getting underway, and hockey energizing its fans, games. It is interesting that he doesn't tie that to a time. He's not saying that the season's starting or finishing, just that it's energizing. Do you feel energized, Lucy? I don't feel energizing. The Flyers are having a terrible season so far, so let's keep that language a little more neutral. Damn shame. Weekend sports viewing turns into a marathon of excitement. Stephen Johnson, the grocer guru at Tacoma WA-based food service solutions, knows that to make the most of this viewing experience, fans want a range of options that blend favorite flavors and convenience with game day energy. Here's a breakdown of the winning food, snacks, and flavors, plus tips on mix and match strategies to score big with fans on game day or for a full sports viewing weekend. What the fuck are you talking about? Stop using chat GPT. Just fucking just stop it. This guy was writing like this before. Yeah, 100%. Oh, really? He's been doing this for like a decade. As far as I could tell. If anything, he has influenced chat GPT. Yeah, they're like, we've been like, he's good using chat GPT. It's using his language. The grocer on is part of the chat GPT corpus. He was the first thing in the corpus. He is the ancestor. You can tell it. Write this in the style of the grocer on guru. We need like the words and tone of an enthusiastic idiot. winning game day foods and snacks. Number one, sliders, the MVP of flexibility and flavor. Obviously. Yeah, I'm going to love making a bunch of tiny fucking burgers. I've never made a slider in my life. Why would you? I've purchased sliders maybe like twice. Yeah, probably twice and been disappointed both times. Just get a burger, idiot. Just get a burger. Oh, I don't know what burger I'm going to get. Try burger. I want my burger to be modular. Try being decisive. Oh, I want to try different burgers. Grow up. Yeah. You're 35. You know what burgers you like. You know what you like. You don't have to try a different one. Oh, am I going to like this pulled pork burger? Um, yeah, you are. So he breaks each of these tips down into two categories. what fans love and marketing insight. Fans of what? Fans. Game day. Fans. Of game day. Of weekend sports viewing. Sliders are universally beloved for their customisable nature, portability and variety. Christ alive. What are you doing? Gordon Ramsay's got his fucking slider restaurant. Fuck, that sounds rancid. Yeah. I fucking love sliders. What if it was sushi train but for sliders? Like a slider train? Like a slider train. I'd go to slider train. I'd go to slider train. Now we're talking. That's pretty good actually. Billion dollar idea. Write that down. Yeah. Mark, put that in the, put the patent application in. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Whether it's classic beef with cheddar. Are you talking about burgers? Whether it's burger or burger. Whether it's burger. Barbecue pulled pork or crispy chicken with a kick of spicy mayo. Yeah. Fans are going to love burger. Fans are going to enjoy burger. Whether it's one of the burgers that's available or the other one. Sliders appeal to fans across sports. Yeah. You've already lost all the fans. Also, what the fuck? Are you expecting them to be segregated by sports and like surprised when they're not? Ice hockey fans will not eat a barbecue pulled pork sandwich. Not on my fucking life. If I know one thing as a grocer on my years as grocer on sure. Marketing insight. Sliders cater to the mini meal trend, giving consumers the ability to try multiple flavors and easily share with friends. I'm not a consumer, by the way. Like, I know a lot of people are. I'm not. No, I'm like a human person. Yeah, I'm flesh and blood living man. Yes. Not a fucking consumer. I am not my purchases. Don't exist in my relation to capital. Yes, or to small burgers. You can't define me by the stuff in my little basket when I go to the shops. Yeah. Okay? That's incidental. Don't include me all my stuff is normal, by the way. Yes. I'm not indicative of, like, trends or habits, either, because I'm kind of my own thing. Oh, like the latest food trends for me to eat? Fuck off. Yeah, I'm always like spaghetti. I buy the same food all the time. Whatever. You know? Oh, 4% pork fat, pork mince, whatever, is out. That's last year. Now it's five and a half percent. Yeah. By the way. We're looking at a one is to two blend of beef to pork meat in your bolognese this year. It's a little leaner. Yeah. Dryer wines is the trend. Their small size also taps into the snackification movement, which has seen a 20% rise in consumer preference for bite-sized indulgences in the last few years. Mini meal. Snackification. There's been a trade with people buying less food. Snack, rub. Entrees? Tapas? Tapas? Are you guys getting the numbers on small plates? Taps and apas? No, apps and tapas? God damn it. Number two, chicken wings, a flavor playground. That's so true. Yeah. You cut a blank canvas onto which you can paint any flavor. Any flavor, any sauce. Yeah. Objects are perfect for holding sauce. I know he's going to say buffalo. What fans love, whether buffalo style, sweet and spicy or Korean barbecue, wings are a game day staple that allows fans to mix flavors and adjust heat levels. Yeah. I mean, I was thinking I could get some Korean style fried chicken tonight, but not because he said so. I'm not taking tips from the grocer on tour. You should get it from the freezer. You should get it from the freezer section at your local grocery room. But like branded to a company that you like. Korean hooters? Yeah, Korean hooters. Korean hooters wings? Now, I don't want to be weird about this, but do they got Korean hooters? I don't think they have hooters in Korea. Oh, no, actually, because there's a ton of American military bases in South Korea, right? I've been to South Korea. It's not giving hooters. You didn't see any hooters? I didn't see a single hooters. Is hooters Korea still around? Still around? Oh. This is in Oh. This is from r slash Korea three years ago from a user called CT Nutmega. So a nutmega from Connecticut, I guess. Yep. I was watching a video about hooters failed attempt at starting an airline and it mentioned that hooters is available in 29 US states and 29 countries. Oh, you didn't know about hooters air? Can we just rewind that? Hooters had an airline briefly? Hooters air. I only know about hooters air because friend of the podcast, John Hendren, Twitter user at fart, was playing a lot of flight simulator and he had his played in the hooters library. Hooters air was an airline headquartered in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, home of the jeep. I think at its peak it had seven planes and flew between 17 destinations. Okay, and so, just talk me through it. How does the flight experience on hooters air differ from your usual flight? I can think of like one. I can think of two. Apps, good apps, right? Great apps and big old jugs on the flight attendants. Okay. Yeah. It's a shame that. Okay, there is a troop advisor for Hooters South Korea in Seoul, which apparently obviously does not exist anymore and there's a few pics, there's a few pics. There are some lovely ladies in there. Otherwise, it just looks kind of like you. More of a quiet, average Hooters. Yeah. Well, we're all learning something today. And how'd they get Hooters over there? It's a long way for American culture to travel. What was it doing over there in Korea, in the Korean peninsula? You've been listening to blowback, brother? Every time I start a new episode, I'm like, well, I hope this one's not going to send me insane. I hope I'm not going to find out some things about the Bin Laden hunt that go to completely fucking reshape my view of the world. I did see you dropping some weirdly specific references to the location of Abadabad, the compound in the Discord. I was like, this guy's been listening to blowback. They used to get noise complaints all the time, because they'd have parties at the compound? Pretty weird. Marketing insight. The demand for bold flavors is clear. With over 60% of sport fans preferring sauces with a spicy twist. Where did you get that information? What was the poll? Do you like sports? Follow-up question. Direct polling if he has any care about the polling method. Yeah. He's out there. He's manning the phones himself. Yeah. Offering a variety of flavors from classic Buffalo to unique international sauces. Keeps fans coming back for more. You mean Korean barbecue? He's talking about Korean barbecue. Name another nationalities like wing sauce. Wing sauce. Teriyaki. Oh, Australian style? Tandoori. Australian style teriyaki? Australian style Vegemite Glaze Wings. That sounds good actually. I mean, it would have deep umami kind of flavor. That'd be really nice. Vegemite Glaze Wings. Vegemite Honey Chicken. Sticky Vegemite Wings. Okay. Let's do it. Number three. Nachos. The layered king of comfort foods. It is a layered king. It is a layered king. Yeah, we love a layered king. Yeah. What fans love? Nachos satisfy cravings for something crunchy, cheesy, and shareable. They're infinitely adaptable, whether loaded with traditional queso and jalapenos, or with toppings like pulled pork and pico de gallo for a twist. I don't know if that's a twist so much as just like pico de gallo as a twist. No, it's kind of like probably would have been on there the whole time, I guess. Kind of describing like just two different, it's not like you're taking the OG nachos and then twisting in something, you're just describing like two ways of preparing nachos. Yeah. Marketing insight. Shareable dishes like nachos tap into the social aspect of sports viewing. What are we marketing here? I don't really know. Friendship, yeah. Sports. Sharing. Gamesmanship. Reaching over while you're watching the Flyers game and reaching over the nachos to your buddy, both go for the same nacho. Oh, yeah. You can take your eyes off the screen. You just sort of ling it. And it was only for like half a second. But you definitely both lingered. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, he definitely lingered too. Definitely lingered. And there's a TV in your bedroom, by the way. See this couch? Best place to watch the game. This couch fucking sucks, dude. Have you noticed that my back's really sore? Oh, sorry, my couch is really a new couch. Do you want to bring it to bedroom? I just got a new bed if you wanted to try it out. I just did like four years with one of those like online mattresses. And then I realized actually you you're able to fold it up so small because it doesn't have any shit in it. There's no springs or anything. So it fucking sucks. And I just got one from like a shop, like a proper one. Dude, you got to feel how comfy it is. Hey, let's take the nachos in there. You can eat in bed. I don't mind eating in the bed. Yeah, just two bros. I was going to watch the sheets tomorrow anyway. Actually, the TV in the bedroom is bigger. Let's go lie down. Studies show that 72% of fans prefer foods that can be easily shared in a group, making nachos a perfect go-to option. Not me, I'm 28% of fans. Yeah. You want something that's really hard to share. What's the grocer-ont experience on nachos look like? Are they? You're not buying branded nachos. Nacho kits, maybe? Are you buying like queso? What about? All right, here's an idea. We've got just a big old bag of nachos and it's already pre-mixed. So you've just got to slap it down on the pizza tray. And it's already got your pulled pork in there along with your beautiful corn triangles. Bad boys we know. Almost completely convinced that you forgot what those things are called. I don't think that was a gag. Could have been. I think that's actually a pretty good idea. Like the pre-batch nacho bag. Yeah. Except for the fact that half of it's wet by the time it's getting out of it. It's going to be so wet. It's going to be so wet. Yeah, it's going to be so wet. It's the perfect meal for two guys that are hanging out while their wives are out of town. God damn it. Watching the big game. I have 20 more minutes of this episode before I'm allowed to buy dinner. We've still got a fair bit of this to go. I could go some nachos. I could go some nachos. Can we actually use this as an opportunity to hold you accountable. video? Oh shit, you're calling me out? While we're recording something. Or you're calling me in. I'm calling you in. We are calling you in. So this is another night that Caitlin is somewhere with the boys and you've got the house to yourself. So Wednesday nights they're at Nan and Pop's place. Caitlin works and she'll drive down there and have dinner with them and bring them home. Probably around 8 o'clock they get a little snoozy in the car. They're yammering her away and sometimes at some point the yammering stops. Their eyes are kind of getting heavy. They're having a little sleepy time. You drag them out of the car, put them in their beds, no problem. So it's like a night where you could kind of do anything, right? Kind of do anything. So what did you do last week when you had this circumstance? You kind of fell into a pit of despair? You kind of had all of your options open up in front of you of a nice thing that you could do with the night off. You could get any food you wanted and watch any movie you wanted. Oh, that's right. I watched half an episode of Devilman Crybaby and realized why I did not watch any more of that show. Is that anime? It's anime. Okay. Fucking sucks. It's no good. I got, look, I watched Chainsaw Man. It's quite good. What the fuck is Chainsaw Man? What is Chainsaw Man? Okay, so Is this anime as well? He dies or something and he's like revived by the spirit of a little animal that's got a chainsaw on its head. So he's got a chainsaw for a head and chainsaw arms as well. But like when he transforms into a demon, that is. Man. Okay. It's dope. It's really good. This was going to be an intervention about you just like having a nice night tonight, just committing to like getting something that you want to eat and then watching a movie or something. But now this is an intervention of stay the fuck away from anime. Yeah. You're 30 something. I just bought the box set of Akira. Yeah. The comics. That's good. The manga. That's the, oh Jesus Christ. You know what? I'm exiting this. I'm backpedaling now. Do whatever you want. Fall back into the pit of despair. I don't care. I don't know. I don't know what I want, Ben. That's the problem. You want to watch John Wick 4 and you want to eat some Korean wings. Well, first I have to watch John Wick 3. So, well, last time You can probably skip it. Last time I fucking, I planned on this and the Korean wing place, you go onto their menu online and the order button doesn't work. You can't complete the order. So you have to call them? I was lost in a drift. So I got a takeaway Bolognese instead. Yeah. It was actually really good. You should get some Korean wings and you should watch John Wick 3. I went there and it wasn't ready yet and they're like, would you like to wait at the bar, sir? I'm like, yes, I'd like to wait at the bar and I'd like one of your lightest beers, please. 1%? What and a half? What do you got? Because I have to drive two or three minutes home. Yeah. Safety first. Number four. Pizza. The ultimate game day essential. This motherfucker telling me about pizza? Yeah. He's trying to sell you on pizza. Hey, watching sports? Here's an idea. Try pizza. What fans love? I've got 20 years in the game for this. Pizza remains a staple with flavours that are easy to customise. From classic pepperoni to veggie loaded or even gourmet toppings, pizza offers something for every taste. This is colourless green ideas sleep furiously. These are syntactically correct sentences that have no information in them at all. Yeah. Like, they're not false. Yeah. It's just... They're just completely free of entropy. Yeah. That's right. They actually don't change the entropy of the universe at all. At all. I want to be nerve stapled at this stage. Right? Like, if... If I didn't have, like, to have a job and, like, upkeep of my children and stuff, I would like the Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri nerve stapling now at this point, please. Yes. Well, gotta look after those boys. Marketing insight. Pizza's popularity has surged, especially with the rise of premium and artisanal toppings. It's fancy options that feel indulgent yet customisable. Has it? Has pizza's popularity surged? Has it? Is that true? What you're saying? There's no fucking way that that could possibly be true. Like, pizza was at its, the top of its game in, like, the 90s, right? Yeah. When it was just the most ubiquitous food. It's been, like, delivery. It's, it's always been at the top. Like, what the fuck are you talking about? Yeah. Yeah. What are you talking about? Like, I, I worked for Domino's for, like, three years all up and it was always, like, insanely popular. Like, easily, like, the busiest or, like, you know, top five, like, busiest places that serve food in the entire city that I lived in. So, what the fuck? Do you guys want to see the fakest graph in the history of graphs? Absolutely. Yes. I just posted that in the show chat there. from yourpie.com, I believe. My pie? Your pie. Oh. They just made this up. That is global pizza sales measured in billions of dollars with four data points from 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023. There can't be absolutely no way that 2020 was a low point in pizza sales. How? How is 2021 the bigger year? There's just no fucking way. There's no way. The year of COVID? 2023 is currently, like, one and a half times the pizza sales of 2020, according to this fake-ass graph. I don't think that's true, Sam, yeah. Yeah, no, that's true. Like, actually, I was trying to not be tricked by the, by the deceptive... The truncated axis? The truncated axis, yeah. Yeah. I've actually got a truncated axis, but I still managed to get the job done. Yeah. Got caught in that propeller. Marketing insight. Pizza's popularity has surged. Oh, wait. Is that the... No, we already said that part, didn't we? Fast, casual, and take-and-bake options have both soared, with pizza sales increasing by 15% on major game days over the past few years. More pizza on game days, huh? That's fucking crazy. Is it just like 15% more people now? Yeah, that's it. We're not accounting for like... Okay. And lastly, number five, dips and chips, from classic to creative. Looking two dips right now. I'm nodding. Like, all of what he's saying, that's facts. He's spitting facts. But, you don't raise the dips and chips last. Yeah. I also wouldn't put the words in that order. I'm saying chips and dips. Oh, absolutely. Much better word feel on chips and dips. Yeah. What fans love? Whether it's guacamole, queso, or a buffalo chicken dip, fans love to dip and munch. Yeah. Chips and dips are versatile. Satisfy the cravings for salty and creamy textures. Okay. Satisfy my craving for salty, creamy. Huh? Texture from a... semen from a man's penis. Oh, okay. Yeah. Marketing insight. Dips allow for cross-promotional marketing where grocery stores and restaurants can create bundle deals, positioning dips as add-ons that encourage incremental sales. The trend towards snack plates has driven a 25% increase in dip variety sales. Oh, charcuterie's up? Oh, charcuterie? I think charcuterie is up. Charcuterie. And that's sort of driven a trend towards snack plates up 25% in dip variety sales. Yeah. Is that more varieties of dip being sold by 25%? I honestly think dip variety has increased in the past like 10 years. Yeah. Have you been in the dip aisle lately? Yeah. You're doing crazy stuff. Yeah. I don't know where to start. They've got some crazy dips in there. I know where I'm going. I'm going for a classic French onion dip. You're going for a classic French onion. And then I'm making the eyebrows. If people look at me and they go, come on. I'm like, you know it's tasty. Yeah. Getting that. I'll say it. I'll say it. I'm getting corn relish. I love a corn relish. You see, I'm actually, you guys probably know this about me by now, but I'm actually, I've got like a little bit of an exotic taste. So I like a tapenade. I love a tapenade. I'm actually probably, Theo, I have dipped at your house more than I've dipped at anywhere else in the last decade, I think. Oh yeah, we're big dippers. Your wife and I, we love to dip. She especially. She's always like, hey, can we get Maddie Ben back here to dip again? We need to dip. We need to dip with those boys. Let's get our dip friends over. I would love to dip with you guys. Are they dippers? Do these guys dip? I know some friends of yours, Theo, are dippers. Getting real dip vibes from your new colleagues. In the end, game day food and snack offerings play a pivotal role in enhancing the sports watching experience. By aligning popular flavors with mix and match options, brands and stores can satisfy fans' cravings while capitalizing on the social, shared nature of sports viewing. And with smart marketing and bundle deals, they're set to score big, whether on game day or across a whole sports-packed weekend. Yeah. Here's the thing. If you capitalize on me, I'll kill you. Yeah. Never capitalize on trends to me. Ever. Do not capitalize on my desire for game day snacks. I cannot. Like, the phrasing of this is just a sports-packed weekend. Imagine one person saying to another person, yeah, I got a really sports-packed weekend this weekend. Yeah. Are you watching? You're watching two different sports? That's psycho. What are your snack options, though? Are you dipping? Are you going to get some Zah? Yeah. It's customizable and they have three different toppings. I'm going to adapt for it. It lets you compare the dip. I like pizza better now that there's artisanal toppings. Are you going premium or artisanal with your pizza? Like, make a choice. You've got to go artisanal. I think a premium topping is just like an expensive pizza but where it's still the base that you would get in the 90s. Yes. Yeah. Artisanal pizza base, you're getting like a nice thin classic. I feel like artisanal's out. I feel like artisanal came and went. You know, we're back to classics. Yeah, we're trying to get too hard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A little bit of nostalgia. People are like, you know what? I want a little more dough. I want it big as that. I just want a little pepperoni. A little cheese and cheese and roni. I'll say it right now. I can't do a big dough. I can't do a deep base. I don't want you to change a single thing about your pies. Your delicious pizza pies. I love them. Oh, we did. We made them better. Well, now I have to come over. The recipes kind of evolved a bit. We've got the 400 degree oven now. Holy fuck. Yeah. It sounds like a quality pie. I saw a tweet the other day. There was like a parody of that the tweet format that's like, oh, you didn't eat anything today except a nice coffee. Should we throw a party? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. No, the tweet was like, well, Lucy knows what I'm talking about. Who cares? They said something about, oh, your pizza restaurant does a pepperoni with hot honey. Blah, blah, blah. Should we blah, blah, blah, and invite blah, blah, blah, or whatever. I'm like, that is, and it had like 80,000 likes or whatever on it. So, you know, it's resonated with people. They've seen that be like, it's true. People will be doing a pepperoni with hot honey. With hot honey. Yeah. I had one of those recently. I was stoked to see that on the menu. It was really tasty. Maybe it's because it's not as common here. Like, I feel like that's still a little exciting. Yeah. Maybe it's just, it's washed in America, but like, that's such a fucking, I hate when I see people making fun of something roughly the time I've discovered it. Yeah. Where I'm like, okay, well, we're not over this yet because I just started enjoying it. Your opinion. That's all right. I actually really enjoyed it. It's a nice contrast between the sweetness and the heat and the fattiness. Hey, I bet you're not getting premium or artisanal pizzas on a cruise ship. You're getting regular style. We check out the other goings on of things on cruise ships on cruise ship watch. This comes to us from Newsweek. Serious lung infection linked to cruise ship hot tubs, CDC finds. How? How? I don't want to shame anyone, but you're doing it wrong. Man. They shouldn't have hot tubs on cruise ships. I'm just going to say that like straight up. Yeah. I don't even think they should have like bedding on cruise ships. I think it should just be like a clear polyurethane wrap that goes over the top of the bed and then they burn it afterwards. Yeah. Yeah. Man. Hot tubs aboard a cruise ship have been linked to outbreaks of a bacterial disease the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have announced. Um, yeah. Yeah. No duh. Between November 2022 and April 2024, eight cases of Legionnaire's disease were reported on a single cruise ship. Cruise ship A. It's back, baby. Theo, you know, were you saying the other day that it was the hospital you work at, the air vents had an outbreak of Legionnaire's? Yes. Yeah. Someone else I was talking to who worked at a hospital in Brisbane said they had the same thing happen. Yeah. Oh. I kind of thought that was... Well, I also worked at a hospital in Brisbane. Oh, I thought this was in Mackay for some reason. No. Wait, was this at Royal Brisbane? No, it was at Green Slopes. Oh, right. Interesting. Um, but yeah, like anywhere that you've got, um, water just sitting, like due to like air con condensation. You're going to get Legionnaire's? You can get Legionnaire's, yeah. Interesting. Sometimes the water's got cum in it, like in these hot tubs. Oh, right. Not in the air vents. Oh, not in the hospital. No. Okay. Yeah. Because there's a, like, Eugene Toombs type character up there. He's sticking stuff to the wall, but he's using his juice. The outbreak on cruise ship A is the largest cruise-associated outbreak of Legionnaire's disease since 2008. A CDC investigation found that the hot tubs on the ships were the likely source of the infection. Yeah. They probably didn't have to do much research. Yeah. Hey, what's the nastiest thing on this ship? Oh, it's the hot tubs? Because they're keeping everything in the danger zone, like all day, every day? Yeah. And a bunch of nasty cruise ship people are on there, yeah. They're hot swapping. They're wife swapping. They're swinging. They're sex partying. They're stepsistering. Soft swaps. Yeah. Hard swaps. Shared swaps. They're doing it double uncle style. Double cross. Reverse uncle. Reverse uncle swap. Diagonal diamond swaps. I have sex with your uncle. You have sex with my uncle. It's called soft uncle swapping. Oh, you don't soft uncle? Yeah. Lately, we've been getting into soft uncle-ing. At first, we thought it was a little weird, but the community's actually really welcoming. Oh, the lifestyle? So? Your partner and uncle, and then everyone else and their partner and their uncles. I see. You're not fucking your uncle. Oh, no. It's nothing weird. No stuff with your uncle. Look, I'm not going to... There's definitely an element of knowing someone's getting off with your uncle that you're kind of, you know... And sometimes you'll watch. You'll... You'll... You'll... You'll sit in the chair that they usually sit in to repair guitars and watch someone else fuck your uncle. Man, we went to the craziest party on Saturday night. There are over 20 uncles. All getting handed around like a piece of meat. Hey, pass me your uncle. Bad day to be an uncle in here. But for real, though, a great day to be an uncle. Look at the looks on those little uncle faces. Oh, God, I'm exhausted today. I was up all night. Uncle swapping senseless. Sorry, I didn't realise you guys were vanilla. A little less king-shaming, please. Sorry. Cruise ship hot tub. Talking about uncles, yeah. Formal cases of the disease were reported on a second cruise ship, cruise ship B, between January and June 2024. Hot tubs were also found to be the cause. Yeah, because it's so evidently a disgusting place to be. Why are you going in the cruise ship hot tub? Get out of there. That's like the biggest vector for anything there is. Disease, infection, uncle swaps. Quote, epidemiologic, environmental, and laboratory evidence suggests that private balcony hot tubs were the likely source of exposure in two outbreaks of Legionnaire's disease among cruise ship passengers. Oh, I've got private ones. Oh, yeah, but you're out on the balcony, so in a way you're kind of out in the open. Yeah. We're like, you know, only you can use it, but what you're doing in there, the whole world can use it. And I'm sure it would be easy to just figure out which ship has private balcony hot tubs. Yeah. Doesn't seem like common. Yeah. That'd be expensive. Also, epidemiological, environmental, laboratory evidence suggests is very funny because it's also like common sense. Like just thinking about it for like 10 seconds. Yeah, just kind of just thinking about it. Yeah. Where would all of this be mingling and sort of like stewing? Eureka! Quote, these devices are subject to less stringent operating requirements than our public hot tubs and operating protocols were insufficient to prevent Legionella growth. They're nastier people there. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. But there's a twist. The disease mainly affects the lungs, causing symptoms like cough, fever, muscle aches, and shortness of breath. Sometimes it can lead to other complications, especially in people with weakened immune systems, older adults, smokers, or those with chronic respiratory conditions. Six infected patients on cruise ship A and four on cruise ship B were hospitalized, but thankfully none died, according to the CDC report. That's good. Quote, cruise ship hot tubs are counted as private hot tubs and not public, so they are not subject to the same rigor of testing by the state. Are you serious? Why not? I want you to think about this for a single goddamn second and readjust your sort of paradigm that you're operating with here. These private hot tubs should be more stringently controlled than anything else on God's green earth. Yeah. I reckon you should have a guy in there the whole time from the government. Yeah. There should be a sort of like a government patsy who's just in there sort of being like, whoop, oh, there's another. Oh, they've done it again. Oh, right into the water this time. Okay. And he's got a little net like used for scooping fish out of a fish tank. Yep. If not properly maintained, cleaned and heated, they can become infected with Legionella pneumophilia. Combining this with the often more at-risk population in cruise ships, this can lead to more cases, said Connor Meehan, an associate professor of microbial bioinformatics at Nottingham University. Yeah. So I'm on R. Uncle. Yes. R Uncle Swoops? I'm on R slash cruise. And someone has asked what cruisers have hot tubs on the balcony because they want one. I'm hearing that it's probably the MSC cruisers, which are a Mediterranean cruise, but also that they cost a fortune. Like, so these are, like, these cost like 20 grand or something. Yeah. Plus hospitals. So these are premium. Yes. This is premium Legionnaires. This is premium Legionnaires. Artisanal Legionnaires. Paid a lot for it. Yeah, man. It's also, like, brutal that this is the most likely place for it to happen, and it's definitely happening to someone in their 60s who's probably got a bunch of other shit things going on in their lungs already. Man. People on cruise ships are often older than the general population and therefore more vulnerable to infections like Legionnaires disease. Yeah. But just as nasty. That's right. Arguably more nasty. They don't give a fuck. Yeah. You can't make them feel bad about uncle swapping. Couldn't if you tried. They can't get pregnant. We're just putting, like, our most vulnerable people on, like, the disease ship. They're putting themselves there. Let's be clear. They did that to themselves. They're spending their retirement money to go to, like, the fuck fest at the Petri dish. Well, they might not be. They might be a sponsored uncle. That's true. They might have been brought along as somebody's uncle. Yeah. You can get in free if you're an uncle. Yeah. Uncle's crew's free. Uncle's crew's free. Makes all the other people want to pay. They don't get a bed, though. Uncle's on the MSC crew's. They're either sleeping in someone else's bed or they're sleeping on the floor of your cabin. He's sleeping in the hot tub. These two hour breaks highlight the importance of hot tub cleanliness, particularly private hot tubs. I would say that highlights don't go in the hot tub. Their own nature highlights the importance of hot tub cleanliness. I feel like it's one of those, like, intrinsic risks, right? Yeah. Yeah. Hot tubs are bad. That's something that's, like, you should probably just avoid it if you can. Do you really need to go in the hot tub? Is it going to be that sexy? Probably not. Shell out for the proper bathhouse. I'd love a hot tub, personally. I just kind of want to know that it's new, factory sealed, and no one else has gone in there. Just for my peace of mind. According to CDC requirements, private hot tubs are not required to have automated continuous disinfectant dosing and monitoring or pH monitoring, as is standard for public hot tubs. To meet CDC requirements, private hot tubs must only be shock chlorinated, drained, and refilled weekly. Weekly. Or between occupancies. Weekly. Weekly. Freshen up your hot tub. It's been a week. Skim your hot tub. Let me just scoop something off the top there. Oh, shit. My uncle's in there. Let's put on the do not disturb so that housekeeping doesn't come in. Do not disturb. Uncle's sleeping. He said he wants to die in that hot tub. It's actually viscous enough in the hot tub that he's not sinking below the surface anymore, so he's safe. He won't drown in there. Quote, although the cruise lines adhered to current CDC requirements for operating and maintaining private hot tubs on ships A and B, these measures were insufficient to prevent Legionella growth. This is just me? This is just me? I'm thinking maybe change the requirements because they're not going to do it voluntarily. Like, the cruise line's not going to be like, you know what? Out of our own pocket, we'll clean these more than we need to. I feel like if there was any kind of conscience that was going to kick in for cruise line operators vis-a-vis, like, diseases? Might have happened in, like, mid-2020, maybe. Mid-2020-ish. They might have had a moment of reflection. Yeah. Yeah. Didn't happen. These people are ruthless. Yeah. Just, like, fucking COVID Express rocking up to the middle of Sydney going, well, you don't have to go home, but you can't stay here. Yeah. You guys really want to go check out the Chinese Gardens and Centrepoint Tower. Go and have a look. Hey, that was definitely an episode of the podcast. Buntavista, thank you so, so, so much for joining us behind the paywall here on the bonus episodes. We loved having you and we appreciate your support. Stay safe out there. If you want to fuck someone in a hot tub, just kind of try and, like, look up the location history for the place you're going. And if the building's been there for, like, a fair while, don't do it. Just swimply it. You'll probably get better protections on swimply. Swimp it. Swimp a hot tub somewhere. It surely has hot tubs on it. Swimply hot tub, yeah. Your partner and someone else's uncle and then someone else, their partner and your uncle. Although you'll probably want to bring your uncle to make it a fair swap. Yeah, because otherwise the couple will have to go to your uncle's house to pick him up for you for them to fuck your uncle. You don't want to be showing up with a one-handed uncle swap. Yeah. That's a massive faux pas in the uncle swap community. Oh, so I picked up  I brought my uncle. Yours isn't here? I was just hoping one was going to be spare, hey? And you still want to split the swimply evenly. My uncle's just kind of, like, a lot better looking than your uncle. It's kind of not what my wife was kind of expecting. This is not the uncle my wife dreamed of. We will see you on the free episode. Stay safer. All right, check the corners of the hot tub. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.