Hey everyone, Brian here. A little bit of craziness happened, so for the first time in our run we weren't able to get this week's scheduled episode recorded.
So what we're doing instead is we are unlocking an oldie but a goodie from a couple years back where we talked about Remedy's Alan Wake with our good friend Jack Gilbert.
We thought it would be a relevant episode to cover because of the sequel that recently came out, and if you want us to cover that sequel, just hang around for a little bit. Maybe you'll see it.
Anyway, we'll be back next week with our regularly scheduled garbage straight into your ears.
Anyway, back to the show.
When we were in Munich, we saw a musical called Der Medikus, which is based on an American novel called The Physician.
Oh, I thought it was a British novel. I had no idea.
No, the guy lives in New England, and so it's a guy from old England going to Persia to learn real medicine because it's the medieval era.
He becomes a prince, can travel back in time with a magic knife.
The second number is just of the English doctor that he's apprenticing under, giving out fake cures for things, and everyone has diarrhea.
It was a diarrhea song.
It was. It was a diarrhea song.
And then he sings a song about how he's going places, man, and then his mom dies.
It's amazing how much it has had blacked out.
The craziest thing about this production is that Jack and I did not realize the applause traditions in Germany.
Oh, I got to hear about this.
And specifically as they apply to musicals.
So in America, everything is pretty much set on like a timer.
And I think also maybe in the UK, too.
It's like the audience will applaud.
And regardless of how loud they applaud, the bows will happen and the next people come up and the bows will happen.
And then the curtain will close and the show will be over.
Right.
In Germany, they don't leave the stage until you've stopped clapping.
It is a game of chicken.
They have multiple types of curtain calls.
Like they do it in different orders each time.
Or sometimes it's like just the leads bow again.
There's like a whole.
There was choreography.
They must spend a whole day working on, OK, what are we going to do for the curtain call?
Like there was choreography.
Like bow number six had a different dance than bows one through five.
Yeah, so the music, the musicals always have some sort of encore number.
Dance of the Vampires, of course, famously has the number where they come out.
There's no more set.
They're just wearing silver like vests and singing in English.
And the, the, the, the position had something like that, too.
Yeah, Demetikus had a similar thing.
And we're just sitting there.
I, I am, I'm familiar with this.
I had seen a lot of plays in Germany before.
And everyone's just still class.
I had also performed in Germany before.
Germans, just like the Hungarians do the, the iron clap where they all start clapping in unison.
Not to the beat of the song.
Very emphatically not to the beat of the song.
They just start clapping in unison.
And you will follow it.
And this lasted conservatively 15 to 20 minutes.
At least.
No way.
At least.
So long.
Straight up.
I thought I was losing my goddamn mind.
Jack started screaming.
Stop.
Make it stop.
Like midway through.
I looked around.
I was like, this is not, this is, and everyone seemed like totally like, it was just like blank faces all around.
Like, no, they weren't enjoying it.
No one was having like.
A good time.
There were two people clapping.
Not in Munich.
For the sake of clapping.
There were two college kids in front of us who were just baffled by the whole show.
Yeah, they were on the same level.
But were ridiculously entertained by the three of us.
They were on the same level as us.
But everybody else was like a suburban, like, 50-year-old.
And they ate it up.
They loved it.
They loved it.
They loved the brown face in that show.
Let me tell you.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
Welcome to the worst of all possible worlds, the first and only podcast willing to confront the traditions of the German musical theater.
I'm the worst of all possible Joshes.
I'm the worst of all possible AJs.
And I'm the worst of all possible Bryans.
And joining us today, a good friend of ours.
An actor, a writer, a longtime employee of NBC.
And the only man from Ohio who I respect, Jack Gilbert.
He's wearing an Ohio sweatshirt right now.
Ohio University sweatshirt?
That's the one.
It's the Ohio University.
No, that's the other one.
Nope, I'm pretty sure it's...
It's the Batman.
Hey, because we're going to be talking about a goofy little game.
And I think you have some thoughts on it.
Yeah.
Well, I met Brian and AJ.
Just we found each other in Germany.
And...
Swap numbers.
Your English is German.
Your English has gotten so good, Jack.
Thank you.
He's from Ohio comma Germany.
Yeah.
Ohio.
Yeah.
Well, there's many Germans in Ohio and vice versa.
And I followed them back.
Jack actually brought COVID-19 to the United States.
Patient zero.
Yeah.
No, but seriously, yeah.
I mean, we all know each other largely through a theater, which we've talked about many times
and we'll never name directly on this show.
When AJ and I were talking about putting together an episode about this game, immediately he was like,
I know just the guy.
So we're very excited to have you here today.
But...
Yay.
What made you pick this game?
Like, was it the remake?
The remaster, I should say?
Or what brought it on your radar?
Because it's not a new game.
I mean...
Well, this game has haunted me since its release in 2010.
And it's a game that constantly is brought up, I think, in the same kind of breath of heavy rain.
In that it's like, it revolutionized storytelling and gaming.
And I've always kind of felt like I was going crazy because I played through this game and I thought the storytelling was quite bad.
And everyone around me was saying how great it was.
And I was just like, I must have missed the reference points.
Do you know what I mean?
I've never read Stephen King before.
I had not seen Twin Peaks at the time.
I'm watching it right now, which is a huge strip play in Alan Wake.
Because some locations, I think, are like, just dancing on the knife, said you copyright.
That was why I wanted to do an episode on Alan Wake.
Because I was trying to identify why Control worked for me more than Alan Wake did.
And I thought it would be an interesting game to revisit.
Because we do like talking about storytelling and games.
And I hate this game.
I hate this game so, so much.
I sort of am in a similar boat.
You know, I got Alan Wake on Steam years and years and years ago.
And it was for many of the same reasons.
I'd heard about the quality of the storytelling and, you know, those sorts of things.
I've also always tried to play Remedy Games and just felt myself like slipping off of them.
So I was like, you know what?
If I just play it for the show, then I'll be able to really play all the way through it.
And I also hated it.
I think I hated it even more than AJ.
But I think...
That is correct.
I think that the ways in which it fails narratively are actually kind of interesting.
And by and large thought it would be worth discussing on the show.
I think before we start talking about Alan Wake, yeah, one of the biggest references to...
Sort of that this game lives in and one of its biggest allusions is to the world of Stephen King and his novels.
It's the opening quote of the game.
When we start the game, we see Alan driving down the road and he says,
Stephen King once said that nightmares exist outside of logic.
And there's little fun to be had in explanations.
They're antithetical to the poetry of fear.
And then the game spends the rest of the time...
The victim keeps asking why.
But there can be no explanation.
And there shouldn't be one.
The unanswered mystery is what stays with us the longest.
Oh, I'm back.
And it's what we'll remember in the end.
I'm right back.
I'm right back.
It's Alan Wake.
I'm a writer.
It's like the way that it does this, like it sets this up and then it spends the rest of the game in rather exhausting detail explaining its own internal logic.
Which is...
Everyone said that my writing is like when you get the french fries at McDonald's and then those last fries are at the bottom of the bag.
Sure, it's not high cuisine, but they're the best damn french fries you'll ever have.
Especially when he just starts narrating in the middle of a conversation.
Yeah.
Like he's just talking over someone else.
And AJ started mentioning that he was talking over other people.
Yeah, and it really...
I thought to myself, maybe this is because he is afraid of the dark.
It really is exactly, Brian, that delivery.
It's like...
It's so...
It's totally inflexible.
It's so intense.
It just goes straight through everything.
It's a sound that I couldn't quite explain.
It founded me at the bottom of the well.
I found the well to be very dark and foreboding.
I am Alan Wake.
Like there's no...
Yeah.
Like it's just one long run-on sentence.
Would you say that the writing in Stephen King's novels is better than Alan Wake's writing?
Or would you say it's basically on par?
Is it like a good pastiche of it?
It's zero percent as a pastiche.
It's...
I was reminded...
It's so funny.
You were like...
You like Stephen King.
You'll like play this game and help us figure this out.
I found...
Aside from the two quotes,
I found almost zero.
Excuse me.
There was a man named...
There was a man named Mr. Maine.
There sure was.
Yeah, that's true.
It is so...
But it's so much more...
And I'm a huge Twin Peaks nerd.
And like...
Right.
They borrow so much more from Twin Peaks.
Very heavily, yeah.
Aside from the fact he's a horror writer,
it seemed like just such a...
It had nothing...
Like I didn't even know why he was quoting Stephen King.
The other thing is that he's actually...
He's not a horror writer.
Which is the other thing I had forgotten since originally playing it.
I played the remaster.
They've remastered the game.
They're releasing it in anticipation of Alan Wake 2.
That is coming out pretty soon.
There was also a DLC in control where you were able to actually go back to Alan Wake town of Bright Falls.
And solve, I guess, another mystery.
I don't know.
I didn't play it.
Did you play that DLC, Jack?
So I'm playing it right now, actually.
Who's the psychiatrist from Alan Wake?
Hartman.
Dr. Hartman.
Hartman.
Like he has become this horrible monster and the people in control have captured him and he's escaped.
And so you have to like take down Hartman.
The whole game starts out basically in media res.
Alan's car has been wrecked.
There was a hitchhiker who like stood in the way of the car.
And oh no.
And he's like flipped it.
I didn't realize the hitchhiker was part of my story.
He also opens this nightmare sequence with the line, it was wild and dark and weird even by my standards.
And I can't.
First of all, it's like the nozzle was given his own video game.
The nozzle especially is that like bright flashing light that gives you instructions.
Oh yeah.
Alan, please go forward.
Follow the light.
I am the nozzle.
And that voice is something that basically leads us through a gameplay mechanics tutorial.
It's one of these horrible like contrived here I am to move through the game kind of bullshit.
It's such a great like that generation like having a tutorial before the game starts and the game actually does a good job teaching you each thing piece by piece.
But it's like no, we have to start with a nightmare that he has that he describes as being like a nightmare.
Like a nightmare.
After we accomplish this whole movement tutorial, which is basically teaching the mechanics of the game, core things are you run around, you dodge attacks, you get a flashlight.
And in order to defeat the guys, you have to focus your flashlight on the guys and then you have to shoot them with bullets until they explode.
Which you already have the flashlight.
Also, I have a question about that mechanic.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
What in God's name does it mean to focus a flashlight?
I have no idea.
Is that just like.
It's real.
It's a real thing.
Have you ever had like one of those big mag lights?
Like the mag lights you can like twist.
Yeah.
But it doesn't absorb more battery power.
Well, you know.
What do you know?
No, you have to focus it on them while they stand there and then you tell them to step up stage two steps.
Right.
And they hold up their hand.
Right.
And then you check the focus again.
Right.
And then if.
Yeah, that's how you focus lights.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I also.
It's a theater joke.
I'd like to imagine that as Alan Wake is holding the flashlight like harder, he's going.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Like really squeezing that thing for all its worth.
Is one of the late game upgrades you just get a Fresnel lens?
Pretty much.
I mean, you just get bigger flashlights.
You get better flashlights, which I didn't notice anything better about them.
They wear down resistance faster when you have a bigger flashlight.
I like that they were like, okay, we're going to do the Luigi's Mansion mechanic.
Yeah.
Yes.
But it's a gun now.
That's because this is the core mechanic of the game.
This is what you will be spending 10 hours doing.
You will shine a flashlight at a guy and wait for that guy's little circle to go from being
really big around it to being really little around it until it flashes.
And then the point that you flash is you can shoot the guy.
And then you have to shoot him a bunch.
You have to shoot him a bunch of times.
You have to do bullet sponges.
Like a ton of gunshots.
To someone who is just a guy.
Right.
Yeah.
Can I also point out that you're an out of shape runner.
You can't outrun these things.
No.
No.
You know what I mean?
Even though the game wants you to at certain points.
Yeah.
But they catch up to you so easily.
So you have to deal with all of these never ending bad guys constantly.
Alan Wake is so out of shape that you can hold the run button for conservatively like
four seconds.
Mm-hmm.
And then he's too tired.
He just starts to try.
Fine.
I think that's perfect.
That's normal.
Actually.
That's an ordinary thing for a guy like me.
Like Alan.
I mean.
Oh, no.
No.
Sure.
In real life.
Sure.
I'm making an Alan Wake sequel where he's a podcaster.
Nice.
Brian is running away from the bad guys.
My name is Brian Alford.
And I'm a podcaster.
So Jack, would you describe the core gameplay loop as fun?
How would you describe it?
It's funny.
Like my, I don't play these kinds of games that often.
So I was like, I was a little unsure if it was just me being out of touch with this
style or something.
I was like, this kid.
No, this was not fun to me.
I don't play spooky games.
It was, it was, it was, I like, I play games with like the power fantasy.
Was this, was this spooky to you?
Oh yeah.
It was like jump scary.
I don't like, it was just very dark.
Okay.
So jump scares.
That's, that's fair.
Yeah.
I've played other horror games.
I'm actually, I can't do jump scares in movies or in any other medium, but video games.
Cause in video games I can run away or I can kill the thing coming after me like actively.
And somehow I'm just able to handle it better.
But the actual horror mechanics of this game are so much better handled in games like Resident
Evil.
Like at first for the first whole episode.
I'm sorry.
I, I, I'm going to let you finish, but I have a real problem with that.
Assertion, but go ahead, go ahead.
The thing that backs me up on the Resident Evil stuff is the camp value.
So for as scary as Resident Evil is, it is also just entirely camp.
Even in the most serious version, it's camp.
In Alan Wake, it is a, uh.
It's like trying to be camp.
Or something.
At first.
At first.
That whole first episode.
I'm like, maybe I was just in 2010.
I was coming in the scene.
I'm going to figure this out.
These are episodes, not chapters.
I'm sorry.
Even though.
The whole story of Alan Wake is a book that is now real, like in that Will Ferrell movie,
but it's episodes.
Much like all other good books.
I love to open up my book to episode three and read it.
My name is Harold Crick.
That's Will Ferrell's character's name in that movie.
Anyway.
I like that movie.
That was specific.
Your screenwriter of Stranger Than Fiction once said that fear is not.
Yeah, that's good.
So I thought that like in 2010, I saw all these reviews saying that this was like the
next step forward in video game.
Right.
This was going to be like the next big narrative jump.
So when I.
There's also big like technical stuff that's going on, you know, all the objects that are
flying around all the time.
Oh, sure.
Actual physics objects and the light and everything was pretty, pretty spectacular for that moment.
Right.
Although I think it also gets overstated.
Yeah, no.
Sure.
But I mean, it was a game that I was like, this was going to be like the next next big
narrative jump forward.
And that's why I didn't think the story was so good.
And then when I started replaying it for the remaster, I was like, oh, maybe I was engaging
with the game wrong.
Maybe this is just high camp.
Maybe it's just like a really campy, fun horror time.
And then the next five episodes disproved that entirely.
Yeah.
It takes itself too seriously to really be that.
And I think the best way for us to really unpack that narrative is just going to be to start
talking about it.
So after we have this whole movement tutorial and we learn about the core gameplay loop,
which again, I learned about pushing the analog stick forward.
Yes.
Stephen King wants for frustration.
That's it.
He stopped writing after that.
Now we hear something that we will be hearing a few times throughout this game, which is a
voice saying, Alan, wake up.
And Alan, wake.
Get it.
And apparently the whole thing that we just experienced was just a nightmare, which we
know was a nightmare because he told us that.
He would not stop telling us it was a nightmare.
Alan is taking a vacation to the Pacific Northwest with his hot wife to fix his writer's block.
He hasn't been able to write in two years.
So we have a pretty extensive series of like walking simulator times.
Alan takes the theory into town.
He meets a local radio host.
We go to a diner.
The exact same diner from Twin Peaks.
Absolutely.
It's the diner from Twin Peaks.
Everyone knows who Alan Wake is.
Yep.
Like there's like there's a cardboard standout of his.
There's a cardboard cutout of Alan.
Yes.
Within this diner, we meet a few other.
We meet basically our other dramatis persona, at least many of them.
We've got Rose, who's a waitress.
We've got the Anderson brothers.
They're in a band.
Tor and Odin.
Yes.
We've got Cynthia Weaver, who is just the log lady from Twin Peaks, except she carries
a lantern rather than a log.
She's the lamp lady.
We also get a woman who's creepy, who we come across.
Uh oh.
Spooky, creepy, dark lady.
Oh, she's shrouded in black.
Oh, no.
Alan and his wife get keys to a cabin from this lady.
But it turns out they got the keys to the wrong cabin.
Oh, no.
They got to this diner because they were supposed to meet some specifically a guy there.
Carl Stuckey.
Instead of waiting for this person, he takes it on himself to go look for him in the bathroom,
which is a strange decision in and of itself.
And then this woman accosts him in the dark and then says, no, I have a key for you, which
is also like you would think because everyone clearly knows him.
That's been established.
That he would not just take a key from a complete stranger because.
Yeah, it's just this random lady.
He is the most important man in the universe.
It's not like he's like an anonymous person.
He's like, oh, she knows my name.
Clearly, like Stuckey.
Like everyone knows his name.
Like.
And he's like, here I am on my normal vacation trying to meet a guy named Carl Stuckey.
And then a Victorian widow has just walked up to me and handed me a key while speaking
in poetic verse.
Right.
While another lady outside of the bathroom or like in by the bathrooms is screaming.
Don't go in there.
It's dark.
There's a cardboard cut out of myself by the front door.
Yeah.
It's just facing the door.
You should probably not go back there.
My mother told me if you ever meet a Victorian widow, always take her key.
Yeah.
This is just super duper normal stuff that a normal guy would do normal things with.
The game did disarm me by asking me to play Harry Nilsson.
What's that?
What's that song?
The tour?
Oh, Lime and the Coconut?
Yeah.
Nilsson Schvilsson.
After Alan takes the key from the spooky lady, they drive off and uh oh, Carl's here.
Carl's like, hey, you forgot your key.
Oh no.
Ah.
I hope I don't have to fight you later.
And this was made by like a...
Remedy is a Finnish gaming company and this game was written by a Finnish man named Sam
Lake.
So Remedy made the first two Max Payne games.
And of course Max Payne, the original Max Payne was just like, what if we did the Matrix
but it actually is a video game and not just a movie that feels like a video game?
And they succeeded and they got, you know, they made a sequel and then they got into this
weird like contract deal with Microsoft for years and years and years and years from like
2003 to 2010 when they finally released Alan Wake.
And Max Payne too was more of a noir.
And this is something that then Remedy has sort of made a cornerstone of the work that they
do.
I mean, they really, for a Finnish studio, sure do have an interesting obsession with like
American pop culture and American cinema specifically.
There's not a single green pig or angry bird.
Well, there are a lot of angry birds actually.
I take that back.
This game is like at least 40% angry birds.
I feel like some of what's going on here, particularly when we see these like scenes of
classic Americana, we've got the diner, we've got the forests, we've got all this shit.
It is an understanding of America that is strictly through the lens of popular culture.
And I feel like the distance between what the thing really is and what their perception
of the thing is, is part of what gives this game a sort of uncanny feeling.
It sort of reminds me of like Deadly Premonition, which is another game that is based on Twin
Peaks that takes a look at it from a Japanese perspective.
But these games, whereas Deadly Premonition is very aware, I think, of what it is in many
ways.
Alan Wake is not.
It is not a self-aware game in my opinion.
It's more like, yeah, it's more like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, which is a Polish
game, if I remember correctly.
And it's set in Wisconsin, but you're surrounded by like mountains.
Sure.
Yeah.
The famous mountains of Wisconsin.
So you're saying it's like a copy of a copy kind of thing.
Like it's a telephone that's like one person too removed for it to like actually kind of
work.
Yeah.
And it is funny because when you listen to the commentary, because there's a commentary
track both on the original game and the remaster, I found out, that Sam Lake himself
did.
And the one, the most prevalent thing that comes forward is that he grew up with a lot
of American pop culture and was super into comic books and American TV and American movies.
And this game specifically was based a lot, obviously on Twin Peaks, but also on Lost.
He was fascinated by everyone watching DVDs at the time.
Oh, yeah.
That's where we went wrong.
And he was like, well, that would make like a perfect video game idea, right?
You would end with a cliffhanger.
But they didn't release this episodically though, right?
No, it just came as one game.
So you would play it.
So you play it through and then it just says next previously on Alan Wake.
It's like, well, I just did that.
I was saying that.
Was that the idea?
Was it going to be released as an episodic game initially?
It was going to be an open world.
Yeah.
That's the crazy part.
There's a version of this game, the original version of this game that I think would have
been actually really, really cool.
No, I can't imagine with the existing features they had, making it open world would have
made it.
With these goddamn car driving mechanics?
Absolutely not.
Absolutely not.
Yes.
Oh, man.
And we will get there.
Jesus.
Before we get there, we might as well go back into sort of now what is our first, you know,
they've taken off the training wheels and put you into an actual combat situation, right?
Oh, yeah.
It's spooky time.
It's nighttime.
Yeah.
So we're at this cabin on an island.
But who gave him directions there?
It's a, yeah, right?
Because no one apparently, apparently it's on the key, Jack.
Yeah.
This island doesn't exist.
But they're at this, this cabin there.
And Alan helpfully tells us that it's a caldera because he doesn't know how to say caldera.
I thought he was just mispronouncing cauldron.
No, it's a caldera, which I mean, does mean cauldron.
Sure.
It's volcanic.
Anyway, that's.
It's a caldera.
I'm from New Mexico.
I know so much about geology because we don't have any plans.
That's right, Brian.
Who is this now?
This is your average New Mexican.
Yeah, that is what they sound like.
That's the classic New Mexico accent.
I was just driving up to Santa Fe.
I remember this from Breaking Bad.
They all talk like this.
Jesse, what the fuck are you talking about?
We gotta make some math.
Note to self.
Average New Mexican man.
Commercial underlined three times.
Oh, am I gonna get to record one of these?
But yeah, down at the, down at the lake, at Cauldron Lake, they get to the cabin.
Alan's wife is afraid of the dark, we learn.
And that is her one character trait.
That is her literal one thing.
And after a series of spooky events, she ends up falling into the lake.
A lake that Alan Wake describes as, and I quote,
The water was clear and dark.
It looked very deep.
This is a writer.
This man is a professional writer.
There's a point where they apprehend him a little bit later on.
And one guy says, whatever, shut up, Dan Brown.
And I was like, actually, yes.
Yeah, that fucking guy.
Who just keeps naming authors.
He calls him HP Lovecraft, and I thought, he said HP Lovecraft, and I thought, oh, that's funny.
Yeah, that's a good one.
He's like, okay, James Joyce.
And I was like, oh, you wish.
So, uh.
I wish.
After Alan falls into the lake, more like Alan Lake, he then wakes up again.
And, uh, it's time to walk through the woods, folks.
Uh, it's time to do the thing that this game is known for.
Let's tiptoe through the tulips.
Well, real quick point.
I just want to also say that the reason that his wife fell into the lake, they had an argument
because she had brought him there under ulterior motives, correct?
Right, false pretenses.
He found out that she wants him to go to a psychiatrist there.
Right.
Dr. Hartman, yes.
Uh-huh.
Right.
And he gets pissed off and starts to storm out, but then the lights go out.
And she also, like, yeah, and she wants him to write more, and he just doesn't want
to write more.
Right.
Which is so shitty.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like, he just wants to play because before that, he's been all work.
Right.
Yeah.
And you know what happens?
You want him to be a dull boy?
I don't.
Yeah, exactly.
I don't.
So, Alan walks through the woods for, I don't know, odd reasons.
And he then comes across Stucky, the guy from before, the guy who had the keys to the correct
cabin, but something's a little bit different about him.
Oh.
Is he just, is it like how they named a guy Maine because of the Stephen King state?
Like, does Stephen King ever talk about Stucky's at some point?
Not to my knowledge, no.
Even though that's not in New England?
Yeah, okay.
No.
It's just like, here's an American thing, Stucky's.
Huh.
Yeah.
I'm James Piggly Wiggly.
I think the only connection I could like really draw to King's work is the fact that
it is a writer who the game tries to convince you at multiple times is just alone on an island
with his wife going crazy and that he may have murdered her.
Yeah.
I think The Shining is the only thing that even comes kind of close to the storyline.
I mean, King doesn't really have any like cabin in the woods kind of stories that
I could, you know, even like short stories.
Isn't Dreamcatcher a?
Oh, okay.
That's a fair one.
But that's like aliens and that's, that's a whole different.
You know who loves Dreamcatcher?
My mother.
My mom loves Dreamcatcher with such a passion.
She, she was reading it and she came up and I asked her how the book was and she said,
Oh, Stephen King's so great.
There's a moment.
And she like leaned in conspiratorially and said, there's a moment where the aliens get
inside their bodies through their assholes.
And she laughed hysterically.
And I was like, I, I'm, I guess I should probably read a Stephen King novel.
Glad you're having fun, mom.
Absolutely.
Because you know who wasn't having fun?
Me while playing Alan Wake.
That's right.
So we're in the woods.
Yes.
Yes.
We're in the woods.
Stucky is now looking a little different.
Something strange is going on with him.
And he seems to be enshrouded in the same sort of darkness that the hitchhiker was shrouded
in earlier.
So there's like a sort of boss fight with him in the lumber yard.
And then we keep walking in the fucking woods.
And eventually we get to a gas station at the gas station.
We learned that a it's been a week since the events that just happened where he blacked
out.
And B.
For some reason.
For some reason.
It's been a week.
And B.
It's been a week and the cabin doesn't exist.
The cabin doesn't exist.
Oh, it's never existed.
It's been gone since the fucking seventies or some shit.
Oh, it was mad.
And we know it's been a week because there's like a festival coming up, right?
Right.
Deer fest.
Deer fest.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Broken lizards.
Deer fest.
So Jack, at this point, curious to hear sort of once he got through episode one, where
was your head at?
Were you just excited to have a rip-roaring good time with Alan Wake or what?
I was like, I have to go through.
The thing, the first thing I did at this point was Google how many episodes were in this game.
Yeah.
I was like, all right.
How?
And I was like, Jesus, six of them.
And then two more with the DLC.
So I was like, all right.
Kind of buckled in.
But I feel like at this point too, it was the first time I saw the, uh, what was it?
Night Springs.
Was that the TV show?
That was the, my favorite part of this whole game.
Oh, that was the late zone show.
Wow.
I really didn't like it at all.
Oh yeah.
Oh really?
I thought they were fun.
One, I had a problem with the fact that either they had a camera running or they had the
sound running, but like they never, like none of it was synchronized.
All of the voices were dubbed after the fact.
Yeah.
Um, I, I think, I think they were a lot more successful with the FMV stuff in control with
the little like children's puppet show where they talk about that's, that's fantastic.
But this was just made me as I spent a lot of 2020 playing FMV games.
This one really what made me want to tear my fucking hair out.
And did you see, did you see the, the QR codes that they added for this?
I was going to ask.
Okay, cool.
Those are brand new.
Like if you go to the YouTube videos that they lead to there, they were posted last year
or something.
Nothing to the game whatsoever.
So that's the thing, right?
Is that I played the original.
Um, so I had the advertisements.
I had the ads.
So basically there were real ads.
So, uh, I played the PC version, um, and just, you know, fired it up.
And to be honest, the remaster doesn't really look that much better than just playing the
PC original in 4k.
It really doesn't.
Um, but I played through it and one of the, it's, it's actually kind of delightful in
a weird way that there are multiple Verizon ads.
So like whenever Alan Wake pulls out a cell phone, you see the Verizon logo on it.
There's a couple of Verizon billboards around town and then all of the batteries have the
Energizer logo on them.
Um, so it's like this really weird product placement thing that feels out of place, but
also somehow escalates the camp value, which I know was not what they were aiming for,
which is kind of a funny dynamic.
They're trying to make it more realistic.
And they do make a reference to the Verizon sponsorship in the DLC explicitly.
Uh, when Mr. Scratch, who is Alan Wake's evil self.
Yes.
It's another Twin Peaks total reference.
Says, can you hear me now?
Can you hear me now?
Oh God.
They have the largest 5G coverage in America.
Um, so yeah, uh, that's the end of episode one and we move our way into episode two with
a flashback.
Ah, we're in the apartment in New York city.
Hey, look at that.
New York, New York.
And we learn a little bit more about his writing career as well.
That Alan Wake, uh, is not a horror writer like Stephen King, but he idolizes Stephen King.
It's also crazy to me that Alan Wake and Stephen King exist in the same universe.
Like Stephen King exists within the Alan Wake universe.
Oh God damn.
Which means Stephen King is also in the control universe, which also, anyway, uh, you find
out that he's actually a writer of like a, a gritty cop drama.
So it's like, it's basically like if you gave James Patterson a gun or like James a gun.
That's a good story, isn't it?
Yeah, kind of.
Now I'm going to go kill Dean Koontz.
Or like, or like.
For the last time.
So he's created a character that's kind of like a Bosch, like a Hieronymus Bosch character
from the hit Amazon show Bosch.
Uh, no, not you.
No, B-O-S-C-H.
But it's also not unlike Bosch, which is.
The Titus Well Over hit that ran for six seasons on Amazon.
Yeah, no, I got it.
Bosch is like the kind of the chaotic version of me though.
So like, I feel a connection to this as well.
You've got.
What is so weird is both my mom and my dad have separately started watching Bosch now
that they're divorced.
And I have to wonder, had they started watching that show six months ago, if my parents would
still be together.
Uh, I don't, I don't think you can.
It's not true.
That wouldn't.
I don't think you can appreciate Bosch until you're divorced.
It has a very divorced energy to it.
I've never seen it.
I watched the pilot episode.
But they both separately were like, have you heard of this Bosch show?
I was like, how are you both?
It's like Ray Donovan, right?
You can't be married and also like it.
That's true.
That's true.
How many times do you think, uh, that he says the N word in the pilot, Ray Donovan?
Cause guess what?
It's more than one.
Oh my God.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
Well, that's why they got Jon Voight.
Um, that's true.
Yeah.
Turns out he's not even the one who says it.
It's crazy.
He does, he does.
There was a point where Jon Voight is on an airplane and he looks over to his right
and a woman's breastfeeding and he gives her like eyebrows and like eyes the boob.
And then she like has to kind of hide it away.
And he's like, yeah.
Titties.
This sounds like a great TV show.
Almost as great as this game.
The big, the big story thing that we learned from being back in Alan's apartment is that
he has this little light switch.
That's like a detached light switch called the clicker.
Uh, apparently his own mom gave him this as a kid when he was afraid of the dark, because
the idea is don't worry.
Like you can just click this and it's going to make all the bad guys in the dark go away.
And, uh, he gives it to his wife so that she's not afraid of the dark anymore.
And it's supposed to be like a very sweet moment, but it's, uh, it's acted as with like basically
Ken doll like animatronics to it.
So it's just deeply weird and unsettling.
And then we cut back to the present day with Alan awake in a gas station.
Yes.
Uh, surrounded by, uh, the cops, right?
This is the point where, uh,
this is where you meet the sheriff.
Right.
Yeah.
I mean, we, we, we've met the sheriff at the very tail end of the first episode, but really
what we're learning here is that Alan is being sort of interrogated to make sure he's still
within his right mind.
A few things happen here.
First of all, he gets a phone call from a fucking kidnapper who says that he has his
wife.
He's like, stop talking to the police.
Come out back and you'll find out that we're for real this time.
That's right.
Average New Mexico man.
How did you get on my phone?
Um, Emile Hartman, who again is the, uh, the, the doctor, the psychiatrist or whatever
comes by and again invites Alan to go to the clinic.
So Alan punches him for some reason.
That was cool.
He's very angry.
He's a very complicated character.
Right in front of the receptionist whose voice they cast to sound just like Lucy from
Twin Peaks.
Yes.
Yes.
Yep.
Except with none of Lucy's personality or like endearing.
Like I think we maybe spend like five seconds with her.
And she does, she does cartoons.
So I just wondered if they had gotten the actress who played Lucy.
They did not.
The voice actor who plays, uh, Alan Wake was actually in the original cast of Passion.
The musical?
The Sondheim musical?
The Sondheim musical.
He played a lot of it.
Huh.
Uh, well, how about that?
Good for him.
Yeah.
We love to see Broadway actors succeed.
And hey folks, here's the important thing.
Stephen King once wrote that Broadway is back.
Wow.
Okay.
That, that's a lot going on here.
And here's the thing, folks.
Broadway is back.
It is.
It is.
So we leave the police station.
Yes.
Uh, they allow him to leave.
Well, because his friend Barry comes along.
His agent.
Barry.
Yeah.
His agent who just showed up right as he punched a doctor.
A hot bear.
And he punched an elderly doctor.
The most confusing outfit I've ever seen.
Yeah.
Describe this outfit for me, Jack.
Please.
Cargo shorts.
Uh, a bright orange puffer jacket.
Mm-hmm.
Um, and I think a Hawaiian button up shirt underneath that.
Yeah.
And hiking boots.
Yeah.
He's a modern fashion icon.
Jack, tell me something about, about Barry.
What, what do you think of this guy?
What, what is, how does this guy strike you?
I think that they walked a very delicate line.
It's subtle.
Um, but there is a slight homage.
I would say almost a pastiche.
Uh-huh.
To, uh, what one might describe as like, uh, typical.
And when I say typical, I mean cliche.
Mm.
Uh, um, person who is an agent.
Uh, how do I describe it?
It's just so, it's, it's very, uh, delicate how they handle this.
Yeah, it's very, uh, it's very ethnic.
Yeah.
That's the term.
In the 50s, they would cast a Greek man in this role.
Yes.
Yes.
And it's, it's really weird too, because like the character of Barry is actually going
to become a big part of the movement of the plot.
And we're supposed to like him.
Like we're really supposed to like him.
We're supposed to care a lot about whether he lives or dies.
And you just don't.
I have never hated a video game character with quite the passion that I hate Barry.
Every choice that they made to make him endearing backfired horrifically.
And I don't necessarily even blame the voice actor so much.
It was just like, there was nothing there.
I mean, with all these characters, there's no there there.
Right.
Like Alan Wake has no personality other than that he is a writer and that he is an alcoholic.
I'm a writer.
And the alcoholic and the rage stuff actually doesn't really come into the DLC anyway in
any like meaningful way.
Sure.
So.
He's mostly just a coffee drinker.
Yeah.
He mostly.
Damn good cup of coffee.
You got to find these giant ass thermoses just scattered around.
What do the therm.
Since I didn't play the game.
I just want to play through.
What does the thermos do?
Nothing.
It's just a collectible for people who like collectibles.
Why are you grabbing thermoses then?
Because you want to be a weight.
I think it's like the Donkey Kong country thing, right?
It's like just.
Just to grab them.
Yeah.
And if you drink enough coffee, you'll be.
Is that seriously it?
It's just like.
What the fuck?
It's to popular their woods with things to do.
Yeah.
I think it's just to make you like explore their faux open world.
And speaking of things to do in the woods, what ends up happening next is that.
He gets sucked off.
Alan meets Ranger Rusty.
Rusty is a park ranger.
He's out there in the woods.
And then Alan has to walk through some more woods again and finds Rusty again after.
Like you just like walk in a big circle and you come back.
And this time, Rusty.
He's dark sided.
Yeah.
He's a little dark sided now.
And it doesn't take long.
And now he like shouts like instructional slogans at you while swinging an axe.
And that's another thing that this game does is that the Taken, as they call them, these are the zombies.
They will say things that they would have said while they were still alive.
I guess it's like all they can do is say things like you need to have more omega three fatty acids in your diet.
And hunting can save you money on food.
It's like it weirdly worked for me.
That part.
I thought that that was effective.
I actually think it was not a bad idea.
Fucking out there.
And they like went for it.
I was like, OK, cool.
This is a.
No, I like Jack.
I agree with you.
I think I think it's a very interesting idea.
I just think that what they did with the voice modulation.
Yes.
Completely reacted of any fear for me.
It just wasn't scary for sure.
But I found it just kind of like compelling.
Well, I feel like I feel like you can take something like that in one of two directions.
Right.
You can either go kind of silly and camp with this and like go in that direction or you can go in a direction where this is sort of the eerie like last echoes of their conscious thoughts.
It's like annihilation.
And that's where you have to pull it back to very casual energy.
Right.
You can't be talking like this.
Right.
Right.
Which I think is where like not having read much of Stephen King, but that's where a lot of his writing works is that like it's it's plain spoken.
Right.
And that's where it starts to get under your skin.
And I think I think control does this a lot better with stuff like the motel or the bakelite telephone because they decided to just read a bunch of creepy pastas for 10 years.
And then we're like, oh, yeah, this is how that dynamic works.
Right.
I mean, another another book that I've read that sort of does that dynamic of like turning the mundane into the horrifying is Severance, which I don't know if you guys have read it.
But, you know, it's about a girl who wakes up one day and this was published right before the pandemic.
So it became a big bestseller during the pandemic.
But it's that these people, everybody who gets this virus, their conscious brain decays, leaving them only with the part of their brain that does menial, repetitive tasks.
And so you'll just see these people who are not able to do anything other than like continue to walk or continue to put on makeup or continue to do whatever.
And they look horribly disfigured because they are not consciously aware of what they're doing, but they're continuing the motor movement.
That is cool.
And I think that's kind of to your point, Jack, what they were maybe aiming for here.
Like, that's what they wanted to do.
It feels like it's almost a thing where like horror doesn't typically work on stage because like it's hard to get the audience to focus on the correct thing because like your eyes can wonder.
With a video game, you can like look around so much more than there's no fixed point of view.
Right. Which which is also why, like the original Resident Evil games used a fixed camera so that you can get those scares.
Oh, no, but it doesn't. So it falls into goofy where I think that they meant to be horrifying.
Yeah. With that voice modulation and all these things. It just doesn't quite hit the mark.
Right. Yeah.
What they what they what they want is they want it to be Jack Nicholson shouting.
Here's Johnny when he chops down the door to the point to the point.
Where they even say, I was worried he was going to chop through the door just like Jack Nicholson in The Shining.
Yep. Yep.
They do. They do make a lot of.
We get it. We know that's what you're doing right now.
But, you know, it does kind of feel like the whole script has the heavy rain translation thing happening.
It feels like all the lines have been heavily translated into English.
From finish. Yeah. From finish.
Which is not the I'm sure I think they must have actually written it in English.
Oh, no, it was written in English.
Sam Lake in the commentary talks about how he took a lot of plot elements for Alan Wake from a screenplay that he wrote while at university called Undertow.
The commentary isn't particularly revealing other than you kind of find out that the man is very by the books.
Like he's a Joseph Campbell, like die hard.
This is how you structure a three act thing.
But he's his background is in screenplays.
And I think the main problem with Alan Wake is that it is a screenplay.
That's a TV show.
Yes.
Like it's like it can't really sustain itself for six whole episodes.
It's wayward pines.
Yeah.
So you end up walking back and forth in the woods.
Right.
Yeah.
You do one whole loop around lovers fucking peak in this in this episode, too.
And also episode two introduces the driving mechanics.
Oh, boy.
Yeah.
That piece happens right after you fight Rusty.
Rusty, Rusty turns.
You have to fight Rusty.
You eliminate Rusty.
And then you have to walk and drive through some more woods.
This was the part of the game where I started throwing my controller across the room.
There are some level design choices that are made in this part of this episode that are so bad and so aggressively anti a good gameplay experience that I had to stop playing at multiple points.
There was like there's like one point where there's like this arc that you have to go through and you have to basically the only way to really do it is to run past all of the guys.
But as we've already mentioned, you can't run out of energy after four seconds.
And so you can't really make it through, meaning that you have to be constantly sweeping around with your field of vision.
You also don't have flares yet, so you don't have the ability to like do area damage.
So you get you some room.
You're just in this situation where you're fucking stuck because you can't really run past them.
You don't have the weaponry necessary to take them on directly.
And it's designed like the game hates you.
That's really the only way I can put it.
Yeah, there's a bit where every time an enemy spawns, the camera will like go like super slow-mo and show you the direction that the enemy is coming from and then spawn four enemies behind you.
Jack, the size of your eye roll just now.
Because here's the thing.
While they show that cinematic of the enemy spawning, the game is still, it's not paused.
Right.
So if you're being attacked while that happens, you still are getting your ass kicked just over on the left.
It's so frustrating.
It's like there's a weird sound effect.
It's like, oh, cool.
I'm going to die right now.
It's always the exact same musical sting under it every time, too.
There's like two songs in this game.
Because I'm just curious, what difficulty did we all play this on?
I just went normal.
I went normal because on the PC version, you can only do normal or hard.
I played normal and nightmare.
There's a couple of differences.
I think we haven't mentioned a mechanic of the game that is actually incredibly important are the manuscript pages, which appear throughout the game.
It happens like midway through episode one after you awaken in the nightmare world.
But there are little pieces of paper that are like little bits of the story that Alan Wake was writing that also happened to be coming true in the world around him.
So you'll usually get like a clue as to what's coming up, like down the line or like, you know, some little like insight into a character that you would normally get.
But the problem is this entirely breaks the logic of the game because Alan Wake is getting information about things that will happen in the future and is still very surprised when those things happen in the real life.
Like it's it makes Alan into a complete idiot in a way that I don't think the game thinks that he is a complete idiot.
But so in nightmare mode, there are certain manuscript pages that you can get that you can't get in normal mode.
So you have to play the game twice in order to get all of the manuscripts or just start on nightmare mode, which is impossible.
And also the it takes enemies longer for the light for their darkness to leave them for the light to like break their darkness.
And they also take more bullets.
So to put down a standard enemy in nightmare mode takes four pistol bullets, where in the original it takes two.
So that's where the resource management comes in.
It's actually the same amount of resources.
I think it's just you need more to take down a single take.
Sure. Interesting.
With the way that resource distribution works, it's very rare that at least once you get flares, it's very rare that you actually have to fight these big groups unless it's like one of those sequences where you have to do it.
But like with the normal like spawns, most of the time, once you have the ability to do area damage through flares, you can run away.
That's that's and that's basically how most of the second half of the game goes.
Anyway, and the game expects you to.
Like on the screen when you die, they have a little thing.
It's like, hey, you could always run away.
And I'm like, thanks.
Maybe give me a run mechanic that works.
Right.
There's also bear traps that you can step in and you're fucked.
So don't step in the bear traps.
Also, you can't use bear traps to deal damage to enemies, which is too bad because that would actually be fun.
But this game doesn't want you to have fun.
You meet the kidnapper, the guy who kidnapped your wife, and it's off to lover's peak for just who doesn't love a fucking escort?
Mission.
Am I right, guys?
Yeah.
The thing that everybody loves in video games, an escort mission where you have no gun.
But he seems aware that he is in the story like he knows that he is in the story written by Alan Wake, which is and, you know, he he demands that Alan turn over the rest of the manuscript.
Right.
Yes.
That's his desire.
He wants you will trade his wife for the manuscript.
A couple other things that end up happening then after this horrible backwards escort mission.
Alan goes back to the cabin to save Barry because Barry is now surrounded by birds from which of the birds are evil.
This is Hitchcock's The Birds.
And to get back to the cabin, you have to get in a car.
Now, Jack, you had mentioned the driving mechanics earlier.
Can you explain to us exactly why you hate them so much?
For our listeners, by the way, Jack is currently doing the biggest facepalm I've maybe ever seen.
The really frustrating thing to me was I couldn't put my finger on what was so horrendous about it.
Like I play inverted and I was like, oh, maybe my controls are de-inverted.
So I kept like switching them.
But like I just couldn't control the car.
I thought I was going insane.
I thought I was having a stroke.
I just would not do what is what any normal car mechanic.
It's not new.
Right.
Right.
It's so basic.
The joystick configuration is like you have a teeny tiny dead zone and then you have a little bit where you can actually make the car turn.
And if you turn it any more than that, the joystick, even any further off access, all of a sudden your car is just like doing a 90 degree plus.
And you are and you're fully out of control and you've driven into a wall or a fence or a tree or a taken who then can axe your car to the point where the car does not explode.
But Alan Wake just kind of gets out of your car.
Oh, my God.
Alan just randomly will get out of the car.
Exchange information.
Exchange information.
Exactly.
Yeah.
It needs to make sure.
I'm so sorry.
Here's my card.
I'm with USAA.
Oh, my God.
Did you have that happen to you, Jack?
Where like you were Alan would just decide to randomly get out of the car and hang out and be surrounded by a group of taken?
Yes, because I was driving.
And then the first thing I noticed was there were like many more clearly drivable cars as I was passing.
I was like, why would they offer me more cars?
I don't need because I thought it was just I wasn't killing the taken.
I had I was like, why would I fight these things?
I get there's no benefit for it.
And then I went off axis.
I swerved into a ditch and was surrounded by 800 of these guys.
Right.
They started an axe in the car.
I got out for some reason.
And then you didn't you didn't get out.
Alan got out whether you wanted him to get out or not.
Yeah.
And the last words you heard before sweet death was Nordic walking can improve your circulation.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm glad that that is a real thing because I was convinced that I was going insane.
I was like, I didn't push the button to get out of the car.
I know that I didn't.
So, no, that's that's just the game.
The game will also there's a couple of later levels where you have to do like a roller derby against other like possessed cars.
Oh, my God.
That shit.
Yeah.
This might just be in the DLC.
But I do.
It's episode six.
So is that wait?
So they just did maximum overdrive?
Yes.
Pretty much movie that Stephen King was so high when he directed.
He doesn't even remember.
No.
So they do that except.
So the whole point is that you're supposed to be ramming these cars.
Right.
And like using your headlights to like destroy the energy around it.
But the problem is that if you ram them too hard, you just get out of the car and then the car runs you over.
So in the original design, you there was a day and night cycle.
And during the day, you would explore the town of Bright Falls.
You get to know all the NPCs there and learn about their lives and help them solve problems.
And also everything that you learned during the day will help would help you at night when, you know, the taken would swarm the town.
It was more like a tower defense game from what I understand.
At the end of Alwyn Wake, it's they do like this end credit sequence where it makes it very clear that you are like supposed to care about the like the citizens of Bright Falls.
Right.
And I didn't really know the citizens of Bright Falls.
Right.
Because you spend your whole fucking time walking through the woods.
Yeah.
To the outskirts of town.
And it's sad because I actually think the town design is pretty cool.
And that level where you get to fight through it is pretty nice.
But like, no, most of the time we're in these fucking woods, which is where we end up at the end of episode two.
We sure do.
We're going to a coal mine.
The waitress from before lets us know that on a phone call that she has the manuscript pages.
But wait, no, it's not really her.
She's being controlled by the lady in black.
Oh, and she's speaking like so clearly, robotically and differently that Alwyn Wake is an idiot.
Right.
Can we just it's one of my least favorite things when people are like bad liars and no one acknowledges it.
Like it would have been a much cooler reveal if she had tricked us as players and just acted normally and then like had a gotcha moment.
But no, I don't know why they needed to wink at the camera like that.
I have your manuscript.
Please come over.
My only guess is that I'll be happy to take that manuscript.
Thank you.
My only guess is that the voice acting was so bad in the game that they didn't think anyone would notice.
Because it's funny because when Sarah gets hypnotized, the deputy a little bit later on, her voice does not change.
And so you as Alan go to the trailer park where the waitress lives with Barry.
This is the beginning of episode three, by the way, that we're in now.
Ransom.
Episode three.
Ransom.
Where you have to do what is probably the longest walk in video game history, listening to Barry exposit at you until you can get the owner of the trailer park to unlock a gate.
And then he takes a really long time to walk to like you're getting exposition coming.
Coming and going.
You're getting exposition from Barry.
You're getting exposition from Paul, who's the guy who runs the trailer.
It's just it's yeah.
Nuts.
Well, you have to walk around a boat because a boat has fallen into the trailer park home.
Yeah, because the sky because this is the point where the dark presence, which is the big bad of the whole game, is like starting to throw shit around.
Right.
I think a little bit.
Yeah.
And that's like the first sign of like it's a sneak peek of what's coming.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Where you have to dodge boats in real time, which, you know, the when the run button is the same as the dodge button in the game.
You know, you've designed it really well.
I mean, it works for Dark Souls.
So anyway, you're in this trailer park and oh boy, the waitress sure does poison you.
Serves you a cup of knockout coffee, classic cup of coffee.
And I like I like that she uses her her profession as a waitress to like waitress you to death.
Yes.
That's really good.
Yes.
Application of her skills.
And not you don't you don't pass out before Barry says this coffee is almost as good as the coffee in New York.
Yeah.
And then he passes out almost immediately afterwards.
I just love that you take a drink from this person who is clearly possessed.
You can even see the like black like there's there's a thing that they all have where, you know, there's like this black aura and it's like you can see it.
Ellen, Ellen, you know what these people look like at this point when they have the when they're taken, you know, you've killed 150 of your flashlight and your gun.
Ellen, what are you doing?
I like coffee.
I like thermoses.
Yes.
I have 52 of them.
I only would need 48 more thermoses to get all 100.
They're all just hanging from his belt.
Once I have 100 thermoses, I can finish my terrible novel.
I get an award from Xbox.
But while he's knocked out, he has this dream of what appears to be a big daddy from Bioshock.
Yeah.
And then we get the guy who we've been talking about a little bit here and there.
Special Agent Nightingale, which, again, special FBI agent.
You can see what they're doing here.
Twin Peaks reference.
Anybody?
This is my least favorite character in the entire game.
It makes no sense.
It genuinely.
Genuinely, it does not.
Even even later, you find the hotel room that he was staying at and it like illuminates nothing about the man's personality.
I didn't miss it.
It's never explained what his drive is, right?
No.
You get manuscript pages that try to, but like, no, he's just a drunk and an asshole.
Jack, his goal, his objective is to name as many authors as possible.
It's almost like he's trying, like he has a bet with the rest of like the police force in Bright Falls to like, like, see how many names he could sneak in without anybody noticing.
And it's like, did anyone keep a running tally of their favorite name?
Like, what was their favorite insult?
None of them are insults.
It's just names of authors.
He's just saying authors.
There's nothing clever to it.
Yeah, no, there's no pun.
Now you stop right there, Edna St. Vincent Malay.
Every time that you see Agent Nightingale throughout this game, he's going to give Ellen a different name of a different author.
And also, every time he shows up, Ellen is going to run away and jump into something.
That's the other thing that remains constant in all of these interactions.
Whether Ellen is jumping off of a mountainside cliff, jumping into a lake, jumping in some way, shape, or form, he loves to run away and then jump.
That's kind of his whole thing.
Guess what's next after this interaction?
Is it the woods?
It's walking through the woods, dude.
Whoa!
What?
Well, first, it's running through the woods.
Yeah, that's fine.
I've been missing the woods so far.
I'm so glad we're finally back to the woods.
Yeah, yeah, it's like a nice little comfort place.
And it's not so much running through the woods as run, trot, trot, trot, trot, run, trot, trot, run, trot, trot, over and over and over again.
You actually missed one important part, AJ.
Wind sprints.
It's run, trot, trot, trot, pant, pant, pant, recover stamina, run, run, trot.
Yeah, it's...
If he had a stamina meter, I could at least, like, know how long before he just completely
gives out so I could plan a bit better, but it's all kept from you.
Or you could communicate it through other ways.
It could be a stamina meter.
It could be that the way that his run cycle looks changes.
Like, there's other ways you could do it.
But instead, you just have this binary state where he's either full of energy or exhausted
and nowhere in between.
And it's like a wall.
Like, you just hit a wall and you're done.
It was at this point that I felt like Taylor Swift and that I just kept asking,
are we out of the woods yet?
Are we out of the woods yet?
Are we out of the woods?
And we are not.
And we are not.
We are in the woods.
Imagine how those level designers must have felt.
What are we doing today?
Oh, it's more woods on the side of a mountain.
This one has a plane.
They did spice this one up with my second least favorite mechanic,
which is walking across these fucking bridges as random shit flies.
Not content to simply have guys who run directly at you at very high speeds.
The game also then decides to start throwing objects at you that are almost impossible to dodge.
So you just get hit.
My blood pressure was so high.
I really can't even articulate.
It took me, I think, 10 tries to get across that fucking bridge.
I was like, OK, maybe I have to focus on.
I tried so many different tactics.
I have to maybe just focus on one of these things and burn it out.
And then like eight other things hit you from the other side.
Right.
And then I was like, OK, maybe you just have to like run through it as quickly as possible.
But no, then you just die again.
That's fucking hard.
It wasn't hard.
So the thing about episode three is that it's bad.
There's nothing really defining about it.
You do go through a mine at one point.
And in order to get there, they don't give you a car and they just make you run across a large expanse of terrain.
This was because there's one point in the very beginning, like you've escaped from Special Agent Nightingale and you climb a fire watchtower.
He's like, I can see in the distance where I'm going.
And I'm like, wait, I was like, OK, surely I'll walk a little ways and then it'll cut to, you know, some kind of like clip scene.
And then I'll be.
But no, you walk the entire.
It's like miles.
Yeah, it's miles.
There's not a car there, right?
There isn't a car that you can get.
You have to walk the whole thing.
At the very end, Alan falls into a lake.
Yeah.
And then falls into the lake at the cabin that the cabin was on.
And then that big daddy from before saves him from drowning.
He is in this moment a little sister.
So the cliffhanger, because, you know, this game was actually inspired a lot by Lost.
They wanted to like incorporate like a cliffhanger at the end of this episode to get you coming back for the game you've already purchased and the episode you can immediately play.
So you fall into the lake and a hand reaches down to pull you out of the lake.
And who does that hand belong to?
Why, it's none other than Dr. Hartman.
And we will find out what Dr. Hartman's intentions for Alan Wake are when we come back from this commercial break.
Aren't you excited?
Well, howdy, listeners.
It's me, your average New Mexico man.
Do you like the Southwest?
Do you like your heat dry?
Do you like chilies and wish they were in every food?
Well, then you should also become an average New Mexico man.
Enjoy all the perks of New Mexico, from its great red mesas to its vast sea of white gypsum sands.
New Mexico is the perfect place to live.
If you love answering questions about the hit AMC show Breaking Bad, did you know Bryan Cranston got that pizza on the roof in one take?
Well, prepare to hear about it forever.
Never.
So become an average New Mexico man today.
So you, too, can drive on fractured remnants of Route 66 on your way to your job at the unmarked industrial complex, surrounded by nothing for miles.
But when the time comes to turn onto the dirt road, you'll go right.
Instead, taking the on-ramp to I-40, you'll just keep driving.
You don't know why.
Just that your foot has become lead and the speedometer keeps ticking up and you'll drive and drive, swerving in and out of traffic.
Today will be the day you think.
Today will be the day you escape.
And as you see the Welcome to Texas sign getting ever closer, tears will start pouring down your face.
You've always been an average New Mexico man.
And maybe now you'll be something more.
An average multi-state person.
But as you cross the threshold into Texas, your body will start convulsing.
Your very being will start to unravel.
Come undone.
Split.
Until your old body will lie there.
Like a cocoon left behind by a butterfly.
And in your place will be an average Texas man.
You stupid man.
You thought you could be in two states at once.
But you will only ever be one thing.
So come marvel at the beauty of the natural world.
And keep an unconcealed firearm on you at all times.
Because you don't need a license to do so.
An average New Mexico man.
What are you going to do?
Live in Arizona?
So in all of this discussion, I've just gotten an ad saying that the USDA Forest Service is hiring.
Oh.
Well.
So you're going into foresting?
So I heard you like walking through the woods a bunch.
My great grandpa worked for the Forest Service in Louisiana.
Oh shit.
I mean working for the Forest Service these days would be an interesting way to like see the end of the world as it happens, I guess.
Speaking of the end of the world.
Let's start talking about Out Awake.
Now we're being pulled out of a lake.
That's right.
I mean it's like if you're going to set a whole game in the woods, that's fine.
But like make it cool.
Yeah.
Make it cool to be in the woods.
Like control for the most part, the level feels, you know, it's all brutalist office.
But it like it works.
They make that work.
Part of it I think has to do with imagination, right?
Yeah.
Like the fact that in control you are in this like kind of otherworldly environment that is what you imagine Langley to feel like.
I mean I'm sure that in real life it's not anywhere near that interesting even in like the prime world or whatever.
But there's something about the way that the level design inspires the imagination.
And that's not happening here.
You know, we're on chapter four now.
The truth.
And we're in a basically a medical mental health clinic.
Yeah.
Which I just want to issue a correction right here.
Josh said chapter four and I want to be very clear.
Fuck off.
This is episode four.
Yes.
We are in a large.
We are in a large.
We are in a large.
We are like, yeah.
Yeah.
In this game about a writer.
So where we are now, right?
Alan Wake's wife still gone.
Still gone.
Kidnapper doesn't have her.
Got her driver's license somehow.
Yeah.
He's been finding manuscripts.
Right.
That are all descriptive of things that he's actually experiencing.
Right.
So sometime in this week that he has forgotten.
He wrote a whole book.
Alan Wake did.
Yes.
And yeah.
Who else?
The kidnapper.
Did I mention?
Why would I?
Yeah.
Alan.
But he's the.
Why would the kidnapper be writing a book?
That doesn't make sense.
No, no, no.
He could be.
He could be.
Maybe he's a rival author.
I don't know.
I don't want to post.
Then why would he be looking for the manuscript from Alan?
Because he's jealous.
He's jealous that Alan is such a better writer.
Okay, sure.
It's a head of God's situation.
It would be so much better.
So, but Alan has figured out that he wrote a book last week.
It's been one week.
Since you looked at me.
It's been one week since you looked at me.
Got you to the sides that I'm angry.
That he wrote in the book has come true or is in the process of coming true.
I had entered this town, Odyssey.
There was an old man standing behind the soda fountain.
He made me a chocolate sundae.
I said, thank you for the sundae.
And he said, have you found the Lord?
And I said, the what?
Coming this summer.
The crossover you never knew you needed.
Stephen Curtis Chapman is Alan Wayne.
And I mean, the fact that this is set in the Pacific Northwest and you're wandering around the forest a bunch.
It's Frank Peretti.
Yeah.
These Finns have never even heard of Frank Peretti, but they have accidentally made a Frank Peretti rough draft that forgot to put the Lord in somehow.
So we're in Dr. Hartman's clinic or his recovery facility, right?
It's a cabin in the woods.
His vacation lodge.
The architecture?
Lovely.
This is actually a pretty cool level.
I was delighted by the architecture of this place.
I was like, I would love to go here and like actually like spend some time writing.
Recover, yeah.
They do interiors very well.
And so for control, they were like, it's just interior.
Yeah.
So Dr. Hartman is saying some stuff that tips you to the fact that this is not a 100% real thing.
He starts talking about eating raw beef and the time he appeared on Rogan.
And then he starts crying.
Right, right.
He just starts crying.
And then he has to pop a couple of Benzos and then he's fine again.
Yeah.
The deep evil that Antifa.
No, this is just.
It's all right.
It's bad.
It's bad.
It's bad.
I'm cutting it.
A couple of things that happened here.
I'm Dr. Jordan Peterson.
Damn it.
And I'm a psychiatrist.
I got some more water so I can do the voice.
Thank you, Brian.
I've never hated water more.
You can just see me fucking losing my mind over here.
So we meet then the Anderson brothers or we re-meet them rather.
We met them in the diner before.
And, you know, they sound a little bit loony, but you know what?
Maybe they're the sanest people in this crazy old world when you really think about it.
Right.
Fuck.
Taurus got a little toy hammer that he hammers on the table.
That's right.
And Odin has an eye patch.
The designers clearly had like an archetype in mind.
They were going for something.
It's just the like, it's just two degrees off.
And it makes such a difference.
Yes.
How uncanny it feels.
How really just, they're trying so hard.
Yeah, it's so close.
And they think that they're nailing it.
You can tell as they think that they're nailing it.
That they're writing this very tense psychological thriller.
What?
And what you get instead is just a wet fart.
Yes.
I mean, I'm just so happy.
The thing, my favorite thing about the Anderson brothers is like, I'm just so happy that they
made a sequel to Shenandoah.
Jesus Christ.
What's your John Cullum monologuing in the background?
There is.
There is something interesting about the Anderson brothers in that they do feel the most lived
in weirdly.
Like, it's like this entire game is like, it's, it's an outsider's perspective on American
culture.
Right.
And all of a sudden these two brothers come in who kind of feel like outliers.
Do you know what I mean?
Like Tor and Odin do not mix with like the Twin Peaks aesthetic.
They are like hardcore punk rockers who.
And those are Nordic names, right?
Yeah.
Like it's, it's, it feels.
I'm curious to hear though, Jack, like when you say that it was, it was close, but no
cigar.
And so it came away feeling rather uncanny.
Like what specifically in this situation are the details that gave you that feeling?
I just feel like there's a lot of good ideas here.
Like on paper, this would be a cool scene.
You're a writer who's brought into this weird psychiatrist place.
Your wife is missing.
There's these two people who believe that they're Nordic gods.
Like, oh man, this sounds really intriguing and cool.
But then you actually play the thing and it just falls to pieces.
You know what I mean?
Like, it's just so.
Right.
Much like, much like the, the Taken's like they're, they're, they're repeating these
like bizarre phrases.
Like there's good ideas in there, but just in layered and crap.
It feels like a reference to American gods.
Like it feels like they're trying to do what Neil Gaiman did where it's like, you know,
here are these, these ancient European or African gods that are just walking around.
Trying to live life.
Like just a slob, like one of us.
What if?
Part of what makes American gods work as well as it does is that Neil Gaiman spent a lot
of time in America and is writing very specifically from a perspective of someone who's been in
it, but is not from there.
Yes.
Part of, you know, horror has to play off of like familiarity.
And especially when you're trying to make your horror uncanny where you need just enough
familiarity for it to work and then know where to twist it.
It's like, they don't know where to twist it.
So then it just comes across as like a weird, like, like not a scary weird, just like, huh,
that's, that's odd.
I was thinking to myself like, Oh, these are good ideas here.
I'm like, well, of course they're good ideas.
They've taken a lot of good ideas and just repurpose them.
Right.
And, you know, it's not just an homage way and just kind of like a, this is more of a collage
almost.
Yeah.
And then they just say, and then it was just like that thing we referenced.
It's a real skin kaleidoscope of sorts.
Yeah.
Oh, he was left bleeding by the side of the road.
Just like Carrie was bleeding at the beginning of the book and the movie by Brian De Palma.
Carrie.
I saw a doll.
We made a reference.
I saw a small doll.
It creeped me out.
It reminded me of the doll Chucky.
Unfortunately, this very interesting setup gets thrown away almost immediately.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cause the, the episode is called the truth, right?
And it is, and it frames it up that this is going to be like, Oh, the truth of it was
actually that this was all in Alan's head and his wife died and he went to a grief spiral
and wrote a novel.
Shutter Island.
Yeah.
And really just like caved in on himself.
And then in fact, no, it's not true.
There is a supernatural force and the doctor's full of shit and tried to manipulate Alan for
reasons.
Yeah.
And it like, it tips its hand in that direction a couple of times too, right?
Like there is the, um, the poster and on the poster, there's the guy who was the kidnapper
from before.
And it's like, Oh, is he in on it?
Are we all in on it?
There's a tape that you come across where your wife is talking to the psychiatrist and
being like, well, I'm just really worried about him.
You know, he gets angry a lot of the time and I really would love for you to help him.
It just felt so out of nowhere to like learn that the character I'm playing is this, I
feel like they should have been established that they had these problems.
Like I was like, Oh, we had these, like, I had no idea that we had this kind of marital
issues or like.
Yeah.
You know where that would have been really good to use is in the flashback that we spent
two years ago.
Yeah.
Maybe show some strife.
The thing about this first half of the game is that there's a lot.
It's setting up what seems like it's going to be a lot of payoff, right?
Like there's these different moving pieces and it's like, okay, look, this is dumb and
this game is not fun, but maybe we are moving pieces into place for a big payoff later on.
And then it just keeps making less and less and less sense.
And one great example of that is what happens next.
The Andersons stage basically a coup of the facility later that night after Alan has spent
all day working on his novel, I guess.
They knock out the nurse with a hammer and Alan breaks out of the facility.
So Hartman gets eaten by the dark presence.
Right.
What's that?
Yeah, I think it's worth mentioning that so Hartman's whole angle was, so there's this
dark presence that lives in the town that.
In the lake, like it's, it's, it's, it lives under the lake.
Yes.
It's a dark presence.
What's it called?
It's called the dark presence, Brian.
Yes.
What?
Yeah.
Whoa, it's so fucked up that they just have to call it what it is.
It's actually, it's this presence of darkness.
It does, it does, it does vaguely.
Here's the thing though about the dark presence.
Pierce it.
This is why, this is actually why it works for me.
And it's because this is a game where the guy who was a professional writer says the
line, the water was clear and dark.
It looked very deep.
Like I buy that the ultimate villain of that game is the dark presence.
Right.
Which manifests as a tornado, by the way.
Yeah.
But it has like a symbiotic relationship with artists where you're not sure if the
artist summoned the dark presence or if the dark presence was created by the
artist to serve them.
But so certain artists.
So it's house of leaves now.
But again, in an interesting narrative, that would be explored.
In the question of like, to what extent.
And it is in control because that's what control is sort of built on.
It is these sort of things that are essentially spoken into being by the
collective unconscious.
And so, yeah, certain artists, either with their writing or their artistry can
make manifest their creation with the assistance of the dark presence.
But it's always a twisted version of that.
Right.
Like as Alan writes something, it becomes true.
But because it's like the kind of like classically genie wish.
We're like, yeah, it's the monkey's paw.
Yes.
Yeah.
And so you can't just write, we were fine.
Everything was real cool.
But then things will be cool, but too cool, like freezing cold.
My wife was so hot and and we had sex.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is a great episode of Night Springs.
But then Hartman.
So Hartman's collecting artists because he wants to be able to manipulate the dark
presence for his own horrible uses.
As soon as you find this out, Hartman's taken out of the picture.
And then as soon as that happens, you have to go on this really long, really stupid fucking
trek around the back of the building in the goddamn woods.
There's the maze.
Well, hedge maze.
There's a hedge maze.
Hedge maze.
Which is my third least favorite part of this game.
Oh, God.
Oh, cool.
I love hedge mazes.
Don't we all.
I love depicting them.
I love the experience of experiencing a virtual hedge maze.
Oh, it's so fun.
I like that movie with the hedge maze in it.
I wonder if a guy with an axe is going to jump out of nowhere and hit me.
Oh, there he is.
Oh, there he is.
Oh, there he is again.
There he is.
Nine more times.
And then at the end of the hedge maze, you also come across Birch, who is like an orderly
from earlier.
You have to fight him plus like 10 other guys again with insufficient.
Big boss fight against the orderly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And the whole time, the whole reason you have to do this is because he's like, here,
let me feed you applesauce.
I mean, he really, he does say something like that.
Yeah.
I don't know what it was.
It's not that far off.
I'm moving to Finland.
The reason why you have to fight these guys in the first place is because Barry has lost
the key to the lock for the gate that you have to leave through.
So this lasts a long time.
This is a way, this is like a couple of waves of these guys that you have to fight and you're
severely underpowered and underleveled.
I love fighting waves.
And then the game has the audacity to have Barry be like, I think I found the key.
Oh, no, wait.
It's a walnut.
There's this whole sequence and you have to fight off additional guys for like three minutes
while Barry's like, oh, there it is.
Oh, dropped it.
Oh, you know, locks are pretty hard, Al.
Al.
And you're just like, just open the fucking lock.
I'm dying.
Oh, my God.
It's like fully through your neck.
And it's just like open the gate.
It's not even a tall gate.
It's a short gate.
Jump over it.
It's scary.
Right?
You're feeling tense.
You're scared, right?
No.
Right?
No.
Right?
I'm honestly just aggravated.
I'm just frustrated.
I'm just so frustrated.
No, you're scared.
This made you scared.
This scared you.
I'm terrified of applesauce.
I always was because of Adventures in Odyssey.
The gate does open.
And Alan and Barry drive off now to the farm because they need to find a recording there
because the recording is the MacGuffin that's going to basically tell them how they're going
to tell Alan Wake how to unlock the thing that's going to defeat the dark presence.
Right?
So because because we were recording this on Wednesday, which means I was I was editing up
through last night.
Yeah.
I only got a few hours into the long play of this game.
So we're in the woods now.
How does this compare with what you thought it was going to be like later on in the game,
Brian?
I mean, I played Control.
I know where Control ends up.
Okay.
And it's not great.
Sure.
Yeah.
So it's a big contrast from the beginning to the end.
But at the same time, you're so you're looking for a tape.
You're looking for a recording like a record.
This is where the game lost me.
Yeah.
100%.
So Torin.
Wait, someone did a recording of something, but on a fucking vinyl record somehow?
Correct.
It's a song because it's Torin Odin who owned the farm.
They're a band.
They're a band.
And they also have on their farm an entire like a big thing because I guess they also
do concerts there.
I'm sorry.
So these two men own a farm.
Yes.
Own a farm together.
Yes.
I mean, they did.
And they're a band.
Yeah.
I mean, it's still theirs sort of.
And so their record.
What is this record?
The record has a song on it.
The record has a song on it that's going to tell you what you need to do in order to defeat
the dark presence.
And so you have to go to the farm.
Is it okay.
To get the record.
Is the payoff that the record is just put the lime in the coconut?
Do you defeat the dark presence with a lime inside of a coconut?
Oh, God, I wish.
We'll get there.
But I like the whole like idea of these like elderly rockers who are married to each other.
By the way, Brian, I like this too, because I'm really glad that you didn't play the rest
of us, because now you can just ask clarifying questions about this plot.
And we have to explain it.
I don't think I can ask enough.
Yeah.
And just like I expected, I had to put a lime in a coconut.
This is just going to be completely inexplicable.
Because of the doctor.
Because he had, because the doctor.
You're such a silly woman.
Call me in the morning.
Like as they're driving in the car on the way to the farm, some boulders fall down in
front of the car.
The car flips into a ditch.
Guess what that means, Brian?
Guess, guess, guess what?
Guess what you have to do next?
You get out of the car and walk the rest of the way.
Through the woods.
That's right, Brian.
And we make our way.
I think there's like a sawmill you have to go through first.
But honestly, who cares?
You get to the farm.
You get to the Anderson farm.
Wait, does.
Wait.
Okay.
I just have to ask one question about the sawmill.
Does someone get tied to something that slowly moves towards the sawmill?
Sadly, no.
God damn it.
That would be cool.
A lot of things get thrown at you.
You have to fight a train.
A little choo-choo.
A little one?
Yeah.
It's actually pretty small for a train.
It's a little baby train.
A little tiny little deal.
It's for the tiniest country boy.
Hops on the choo-choo train.
Here we go to Chattanooga.
Compared to the size of Alan Wake, how big is this train?
It's like guy.
It's two Alums.
It's like guy size.
Yeah, it's like guy size train.
There's also like a bulldozer and there's like an excavator.
There's the bulldozer that comes at you.
I like that part.
Yeah.
That actually made me laugh out loud when the bulldozer came out.
Do you stop these things by shining your flashlight on them until they explode?
You don't even have to shoot them.
Do you shoot them to?
See, that's the thing.
It should just be the flashlight the whole time.
That's correct.
That's correct.
Why is it flashlight and then shoot them?
You should have flares also work.
And then you have to shoot them a lot.
Yeah, but that's okay.
Flares make them explode.
No, but you're exactly right, Brian.
But you can't shoot them before the flashlight.
There should not be guns in this game.
You have to do flashlight and then gun.
Correct.
This should be straight.
You almost had something.
Yes, yes.
You almost had something really creative and then it's just gun.
Yes.
Plus another thing.
This should have been purely light-based combat.
That would be way better because also the rules are inconsistent.
Like the fact that when you shine certain types of lights on them, including...
Spotlights.
Spotlights and shine them on people.
That will disintegrate the table.
That's me in one of those.
Me too.
Losing your ruler.
In the corner.
Wow.
This middle section is really hard to track because they don't give you like big tent pole
events until you get to the farm.
Right.
And the farm is one of the most baffling level designs I've ever seen in a video game because
you could technically, if you could just hop over a wall, get to the end of the level.
Yes.
But instead, you have to do this like serpentine riding like elevators up and down.
These like grain silos in order to get to a farmhouse that you could just walk to.
You could literally walk to it.
There's like places where there's like...
Right.
It's a farm.
It's made to be accessible by human beings.
That's right, Brian.
That's just...
Well, first...
Like homes.
There's another wave of enemy moment where you have to like put on a rock concert.
And I actually found this moment to be fun.
I found it to be almost fun.
With the record?
This is before the record.
So just to frame up, first thing that happens is that we get to a house that is near the
farm.
There's the local drunk is in there looking for moonshine.
This is important because apparently the moonshine also gives you visions.
Whatever.
Who cares?
Because it's made from the water from the lake.
That's kind of basic level Carl Jung.
So I can see that.
So he actually...
No, it is.
He talks about, you know, the classical animism and things like that.
So he actually ends up getting killed by a guy who was his friend but ended up getting
taken.
The drunk does?
Yes, the drunk does.
The drunk gets killed by his friend.
There's a lot of like hidden fun little like subplots in this game that like frustrates
me.
There's like that moment.
There's a couple other ones too there.
I was like, wow, that's a cool, intriguing idea.
Yeah.
Sounds like it's a remnant of the whole day-night cycle open world game where you actually got
to know the characters rather than the linear Naughty Dog type game.
There's always like the world building in that like gameplay aside, whatever.
I just love these little like nuggets of like kind of love notes to the player but like
they don't amount to anything.
Yeah.
And Alan Wake.
Yeah.
And interesting about Control too is that it also focused on the main storyline I think
to the detriment of the game in the way that Alan Wake also does because I think the
main storyline of Control is fine but it's like all those side characters Jack like you
were talking about were the reasons I kept playing because I wanted to find out what
the fuck else was happening in this facility and what happened to all these people.
Yeah.
There's little videos that are very also Lost-esque like kind of like Dharma Initiative kind of
like.
Those were all, I loved all those little pieces and finding those were very cool to me.
So we end up at the farm.
We're on this big stage where I guess they did concerts when they had the farm.
Yeah.
Whatever.
Who cares?
There's some manuscript pages that say that they had like fuck fests here basically.
Everyone would come.
They'd drink the moonshine.
Moonshine.
Okay.
Sure.
From the lakes of the water and like all like trip together basically in the 70s.
So then the music blasts.
Barry is on the ones and twos and this sequence is almost fun.
Because they overpower the shit out of you.
Right.
They give you all the ammo you need.
All like an extremely powerful flashlight that you've never used before.
Yep.
So this rock concert does what?
Nothing.
That's a good question Brian.
It just keeps away the horde because of the lights.
So the record has some supernatural purpose but the concert does not.
The concert is happening because there are so many taken in the area that whole farm
is rigged up with fireworks.
Oh yeah.
So shooting off the fireworks is going to kill all the guys.
That's basically the idea here.
Okay.
So then you get to kill all the guys.
Because that keeps them safe for the rest of the night.
And then there's no more enemies for the rest of the game.
Yeah.
Right.
So then after that we finally get to the record and I'm going to read you the lyrics to this
song.
Are you ready?
Okay.
Are you ready for the lyrics song?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Here we go.
And now to see your love set free, you will need the witch's cabin key.
Find the lady of the light gone mad with the night.
That's how you'll reshape destiny.
I don't know about you guys but I have goosebumps just reading that.
I know.
I'm turgid.
So the Victorian widow.
The lantern lady.
Well, the witch is the Victorian widow and lantern lady is the woman who's gone mad mad
with the lady of the light gone mad with the night.
Right.
Log lady.
You have to find log lady.
You have to find log lady.
And this sets up the rest of the thing.
Honestly, this is the big moment where now you know what it is that you're actually supposed
to be doing and it clarifies a few things but then they keep making it complicated in a
way that it doesn't need to be complicated.
Yeah.
In a way that the game quite frankly can't handle it being this complicated.
And when you find her, does she end up being Wyndham Earl in a costume?
Unfortunately not.
No.
So Alan and Barry get drunk on the magical moonshine and we learn that Alan was forced
by that lady, like the Victorian mourner looking lady, to write a manuscript to save Alice from
being taken by the darkness, I guess.
He has also then written into the story a place where he can get an out from the story
that he is currently within so that he can then shape the ending in a different way.
Yeah.
Because much like Natasha Bedingfield, the rest remains unwritten.
Oh, it's misery.
Yes.
And he is able to escape from her clutches.
It feels like for the first half or like, you know, you have the very, the initial part
of chapter two is like a bunch of stuff happens and then nothing happens.
And then you're in the last third of this game and then it's like, okay, well, here's
the next one.
It's like, it's like Final Fantasy 15.
So there is also an entire subplot with this guy named Thomas Zane, which is actually
amazing, important.
And he is the guy who is the like Bioshock big daddy who's been floating through all
your dreams.
The nozzle man.
It's also never really like explained fully who he is.
They just start throwing the name around a bunch and you're supposed to care about him.
Yeah.
They were like, he was really into diving.
He would go to there and dive and like the image in your head would be like maybe scuba
diving, but no, he's in a full on like fucking 18th century diving bell pressure suit.
Right.
Right.
Yeah.
This is also where the timeline starts to get really confusing.
When Alice, Alan's wife fell into the lake, she got pulled under by the dark presence.
So the tornado is in the lake.
Correct.
Yes.
It's like a Faust deal.
It's a Faust.
Yeah.
It's a Faustian bargain.
Right.
Like he, if he finishes writing a novel that grants the tornado more power, because again,
his words can shape reality.
His wife will be released from the lake.
However, don't his words shape reality because that thing is allowing his words to shape reality.
Symbiotic relationship.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
Sure.
Okay.
It's a feedback.
It is.
Exactly.
I'll accept it.
And this happened once before with Thomas Zane, whose wife in like the fifties or sixties
died.
Right.
And he made a bargain with the dark presence to bring her back to life, but she was possessed
by the dark presence.
And then he was forced to write himself.
He was forced to do that.
Basically the exact same plot as Alan Wake.
But he decided that the best way to do that.
He basically did a Spider-Man no way home and erased himself from all of existence.
So no one's ever heard of Thomas Zane.
Right.
Who was apparently a very famous writer beforehand, because if Thomas Zane doesn't exist, then
the dark presence also doesn't exist.
But it does exist.
But it does exist.
And again, that's why it's like.
I want to die.
I want to die recapping this.
It's actually making me want to die.
And Thomas Zane was the guy in the diving bell.
Yes.
Yes.
But people knew about the guy in the diving bell because he existed.
No.
Well.
Thomas Zane doesn't exist.
Nobody knows about it.
He's like Schrodinger's diver, right?
He exists and doesn't exist at the same time.
So there was another writer.
Yes.
He encountered the darkness.
The darkness took his wife.
He wrote himself out of that situation.
Yes.
Well, first he wrote his wife back to life.
And then he also, realizing.
And she's the Victorian widow.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
And so now, because some time has passed, it's happening again.
Right.
Yes.
It is happening again.
It's to Alan.
I think Alan's presence has reawakened it.
Because he is such an artistic genius.
He's just so talented.
Yes.
It's like a battery being close to, you know.
And so Victorian widow is making him write this other manuscript because that brings her
husband back?
No.
Because the dark presence is making her do it.
Is inside her.
Okay.
Yes.
Victorian widow is not a real person.
It's just the form that the dark presence takes.
Right.
Yeah.
It's like he's wearing a skin suit, basically.
So am I.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Me too.
So then we get to episode five, the clicker.
At this point, Alan's back in jail because Agent Nightingale showed up and called him.
Oh, my God.
I don't know.
James Joyce or something and threw him back in jail.
He keeps landing in jail.
And then and then darkness falls.
Nightingale gets sucked out by a tornado.
He gets sucked off by a tornado, too.
It sucks you off.
And that's the great thing about the dark presence.
It sucks you off.
It sucks you off.
Alan heads then toward town hall with Sarah, the sheriff from before in a sequence that
I think is actually pretty cool.
Like you're battling through the town of Bright Falls.
We then proceed to a church and outside the church.
We have another one of these big moments where there's like 20 guys and you have to fight
off all of the guys and die lots of times.
Well, you do it while we're waiting for her to unlock the door.
That's so scary.
There's nothing scarier than fighting guys.
Well, somebody tries to unlock a door.
I'm so I'm so I'm I'm scared.
Like, fuck.
Oh, no.
We need to get to the chopper from here.
We proceed on.
We need to get to the chopper.
We proceed on to where there's a helicopter.
And once a fucking again, there's another big battle here with another 20 guys.
At this part, you also reach an episode of Night Springs.
It was just like the writers gave up entirely.
It's about two women who go downstairs and find a hole in reality.
And then a writer appears in the hole in reality.
And they're like, what are you doing here?
He's like, well, if you ladies could kindly leave.
I don't know.
I started this story about two women coming downstairs and finding a hole in reality.
And now I really don't know what to do.
And they're like, what?
But we're real.
And he's like, go upstairs and make coffee.
Like, OK.
I can't believe you actually watched all of this.
The episode ends with this line.
It's a fine line between the stupid and the sublime in Night Springs.
Video games are so bad, guys.
Then he has to go to the dam, which really more like a goddamn.
This is where the well-lit room is.
This is a big deal.
There's a well-lit room that the Taken can't get to because of how well-lit it is.
And then there's a fucking fetch quest.
You have to go out to a place and you have to fucking cut the power to the goddamn thing.
You have to solve a dam, like a bridge dam puzzle.
Oh, yeah.
Jesus Christ.
There's a stupid fucking puzzle.
It's the only time.
It's the one time that puzzle was used in the entire game because I think they did.
It was like, ah, fuck it.
We'll never do that again.
Finally, finally, I finished the fucking puzzle.
I can go back.
But then guess what happens?
Barry and Sarah's helicopter fucking crashes.
So you have to go to the helicopter and you have to go find them.
Wait, wait, Josh.
Where is the helicopter?
It's in the woods.
We got to go back to the woods.
So we go back to the fucking woods.
Hey, it's just like Lost.
We have to go back.
So you've got it.
You've got a fetch quest followed by a fetch quest followed by another fucking escort mission.
It's like all of the things that are known for being not fun about games.
And they just take them and they combine them together and they just do it back to back to back to back to back to back all in the context of a story that sucks ass.
That's why this game was so savaged by the critics.
Right?
It got a five out of five from the Independent.
It got a four out of four from the Associated Press.
A nine out of ten from the Daily Telegraph.
A nine out of ten from IGN.
A six out of ten from Wired.
At least Wired knew what they were talking about.
A four out of five from GamePro.
An 8.5 out of ten from GameSpot.
So a B plus from OneUp.com.
A seven out of ten from Eurogamer and an 8.5 out of ten from GameInformer.
So one of the greatest, best reviewed games of all time ends its fifth episode with you finally, finally getting the MacGuffin that will destroy the darkness forever.
Right.
Is that the record or what is it?
No, the MacGuffin is the Clicker, yeah.
Yes.
The Clicker?
Yeah.
It's the thing that Alan Wake's mom gave to him to fight off the darkness when he was a child.
Along with the Clicker, we discover a page that was written by Thomas Zane.
Oh, yeah.
And so I guess also Alan Wake's reality is being created by Thomas Zane?
Because Thomas Zane wrote Alan Wake's reality into his story before he erased himself from existence.
Wait, so is Alan Wake, like, was he not born?
He was just created by Thomas Zane.
He was born, but Thomas Zane wrote an injunction into his life saying that pretty much the whole Clicker thing and Alan's mom giving it,
like, giving him this Clicker was a machination of Thomas Zane.
Yeah, it's like an implanted costume.
Yes, yes.
Yes, it was.
Alan Wake's not 50 years old, is he?
I mean, let's also appreciate, too, that, like, 30 years ago, these two fucking Nordic god guys wrote a song and pressed it on vinyl
specifically to help this dude who they hadn't met find...
Right.
Find the target for their fetch quest, yeah.
They're like, we're just gonna need this.
Let's write a fucking song about this in 1970.
And let's leave it in a barn for 30 years.
But we're gonna make that barn so hard to get to.
Oh, man, you've got to ride so many green elevators.
There's gonna be counterweights and levers, and you're gonna have to fucking...
Here's the thing, you know, some rope guys just get so into rope they forget about the sex, you know?
And so then that's what happened here is they both just started doing suspensions for, like, things in the barn.
You know what?
That's actually the best explanation I think you can possibly come up with for why this happened.
So we're in the woods.
Crashed helicopter.
The woods.
We got the clicker.
No, actually, that's not where we are.
Top of episode six actually has us now in a...
Back in Alan's apartment.
Suck my dick!
Josh, suck it!
Shut up!
Stop writing this video game the way that it's written.
Only the dark presence can suck me off.
That's why I had to go and fight him.
This is a flashback, again, to, like, I guess when Alan went on TV to talk about his book.
And this is really funny because you had the people who recorded the voiceover and you had the people who recorded the live action.
And I don't know if...
Why did they do it live action?
Why didn't they do it just as a fucking, like, motion capture?
Hey, that's a great question, Brian.
But so what you end up getting then is these fucking clearly Scandinavian guys who are absolutely 100% not American.
One of the guys is the live action actor for Alan Wake.
The other guy is...
He's like a talk show host.
It's also, like, if you watch the whole thing, it's like six minutes long.
You can turn it off whenever you want.
I watched the whole thing.
I watched the whole thing, of course.
And...
After first getting Advil and sunglasses and being yelled at by my wife.
Yeah, because you're hungover.
Yeah, because Alan Wake has a drinking problem.
Just like my kind of normal Monday morning, am I right, folks?
Is it interrupted by, like, a Verizon ad, Josh?
Oh, I wish.
Oh, I wish, too.
But they introduced this alcoholism thing for Alan Wake in the final episode.
And at this point, I'm like...
By the way!
Alcoholic.
Sure.
And she's, like, angry that he went out and celebrated being on TV for the first time, which is, like, such an odd hill to die on, I feel like.
Well, I mean, again, like, in a better written version of this, it would be that this is the latest example of alcoholism.
And, like, saying that you're going to do one thing and actually doing something else entirely.
But you're right.
It doesn't actually...
I think I inferred that.
But the reality is the script is written, just said, hey, you went out last night for your book release party.
You said you'd be home at midnight and you weren't.
And then they, like, make up immediately.
And you're hungover, too.
How could you?
Yeah.
How could you?
Okay.
So he did this interview.
He got drunk.
He came home.
Wife mad.
Wife mad.
Yes.
And then they immediately make up.
And then we're back.
We're back in the woods?
Yes.
No, now it's daytime.
No, we're not in the woods.
No?
No.
Now we're on top of the dam and it's become daytime all of a sudden.
Oh, it's...
Yeah, we're at the goddamn now.
Yeah.
Oh, it's...
The sun is shining.
Yeah, because it pushed the clicker.
He clicked it.
He pushed the clicker.
And suddenly night has become day.
Come on.
Come on.
So we gotta go to Cauldron Lake.
We gotta go...
It's 18 miles away.
We gotta get there.
It's the furthest away.
18 naked cowboys.
At Ryan Ranch.
Brian.
Yeah.
How do you think we get there?
Let me say, he considers walking through the woods, but is a little too far, so how else?
Oh, it's too far this time.
It is too far.
This time...
Well, he does walk through the forest for a bit.
Yeah.
Do we drive a car?
We do.
You're fucking dirt, baby.
Pedal to the metal.
There's so much driving on so many roads.
But you only drive halfway there because there's a car pile up and you have to walk the rest.
And then you walk.
And then you walk through the woods.
And then you walk across the stupid fucking bridge.
Why isn't there a McGovern that just brings him there?
Why doesn't he have a magical fucking pencil in this fridge?
We have to plow all of that stuff.
The game at this point...
I love to drive my car.
I love to do a production of Uncle Vanya.
The game at this point has thrown...
Jack is signing his displeasure right now.
So many objects at you, literally.
Yeah, right.
You're like, oh, here's all the fun things that we figured out how to program.
And you get to this fucking bridge.
And this bridge is the bridge of bridge of all bridges.
It spins.
It's a turntable.
No, not that bridge.
I'm talking about the bridge.
There's a different bridge.
This is not the turntable.
You get to this bridge.
Jack, you explain the bridge.
I'm freaking out.
It's pretty much...
It's the bridge I described earlier, but just six times longer.
And more difficult.
Where pretty much every object on the bridge is flying at you.
There's take and left and right.
And then it comes to one moment where you step around a corner.
And suddenly...
A corner of the bridge?
No, there's like a pile up.
So there's like a semi-truck.
And there's all this debris and shit on the bridge.
So you step around a corner.
And suddenly the way back is cut off.
And there's about six feet of space in front of you.
And directly in front of you is like a thresher truck.
Like a street sweeper that comes to life and begins attacking you.
You have zero room to maneuver.
Okay, cool.
Yeah.
And so pretty much the thing just like drives forward six feet and murders you.
Right.
And then you respawn and you do that.
I have to do that over.
Two dozen times until you finally...
Yeah, you might wonder...
Do you...
What?
Do you just dodge roll past it or something?
Well, you try, but you can't.
And here's the thing.
You might be wondering...
Do you show them a flash?
When you respawn, surely you'll be respawning right by where you died.
No!
You respawn at the beginning of the bridge!
It's Dark Souls.
It's Dark Souls.
Yeah, you learn from your mistakes.
So...
My only mistake was playing this fucking game.
But it's daytime, so you're not shining a flash.
No, it is nighttime.
No, no, no.
It's nighttime.
It became nighttime.
It's nighttime.
It's nighttime.
You go through a tunnel and then suddenly it's night again.
Because the Dark Presence is going to try and stop you.
Well, then why don't you flick the switch again?
That's a great question, Brian.
It's a brilliant...
It's in your pocket!
That's a great question.
So, by the way, this is also...
So you have to use your flashlight to stop the street combine?
Yes.
Yes.
That is correct.
But also, just to point up one other thing as well, when you flick the fucking clicker,
that's also the point at which Alan and other Alan, like he splits into two different Alans.
Yes.
And so...
And the other Alan is just like, bye!
God damn it.
But he matters later, I think.
The other personality is named Mr. Scratch.
I'll kill you with a fucking dog.
I'll throw you in a goddamn ditch with a dog and that dog's going to eat you.
Two hours later, he'll fucking kill you.
He's so skinny.
He's thin.
He's thin.
He's hungry.
He's hungry for you.
And I'm going to feed you.
I'm going to feed you to the dog.
You good, Brian?
Yeah.
Cool.
I'm not allowed in Helsinki anymore.
Go ahead, Jack.
I was going to say, two hours later, you somehow finally, through sheer luck alone, there's
no strategy or skill involved.
None.
You get past this stupid-ass fucking thresher, whatever combine.
Good for us.
Good for me.
Good for you.
And then I forget what happened.
Then you go drive some more, I think.
Go into a tornado and you shoot flare guns into the tornado until the tornado dies.
Yes.
Oh, cool.
And then what ends up happening, because earlier the lamp lady said that the whole reason that
Thomas Zane wasn't successful is that you can't write your way around death.
Like, a sacrifice has to be made.
So Alan Wake gives up his life so that Alice might live and throws himself into the dark
presence, the dark world, basically.
Wait, but that's what Billy Zane did.
So the Titanic sinks into the caldera.
No.
Caldera.
Thank you.
So the end of this game, because I'm cutting to the end of this game.
Please do.
That wasn't the end?
No, I mean, the ending is the cutscene that happens after you shoot the tornado.
So the camera pans over Bright Falls and there's terrible narration and it pans over all the
people celebrating.
It turns out that everyone you killed actually isn't dead.
They're back to life and they're all hugging and they're dancing.
It's deer fest.
Well, and again, because Alan sacrificed himself.
Christ-like, right?
You know, he died so these others can live.
Yeah.
So the whole narrative has been erased.
Rose the waitress, she is now the new lamp lady, but she also maybe still be possessed?
Question mark?
So it's like a huge cliffhanger of like, oh, well, the dark presence returned.
And then the game just kind of ends.
It ends with Alan working on his thing and saying, it's not a lake.
It's an ocean.
When you play through the commentary, Sam Lake really emphasizes how much, like how affected
the Alan Wake fans are by the line, it's not a lake, it's an ocean.
It's meaningless.
It's a meaningless line.
It's just that what you thought was like the end is actually there's just so much more.
Like it's so much bigger than you could ever imagine.
And really what Lucy and Edmund had realized that they had not finished the chapter of their
book, but they were merely on the table of contents and the title page.
And the real book was just beginning.
I want to be abundantly clear about something.
It's not an ocean.
It's a lake.
It's literally a lake.
It's literally a lake, you guys.
Yeah.
But underneath that lake is a black void that leads to, I guess, a dark world, which
OK, so I just want to very briefly, briefly mention the DLC because I'm not going to talk
about the plot of it other than Alan Wake's American Nightmare.
That's actually that's the sequel.
That's the sequel.
Alan Wake, the DLC, it's called The Signal and the Writer.
It's all one story.
The basic idea is that it's Alan in the dark place trying to escape the dark place.
And the problem with it is, is that the gameplay is actually infinitely better than the base
game because they finally, finally implement the flashlight in a cool and interesting way.
In the dark place, objects aren't objects, they're words.
So you point the flashlight at a word and then it pops into being.
And that's like, OK, they do that a little bit in the base game.
But in this one, you can use it for like strategic advantages.
There's one that just says bang, that if you shine the flashlight on, it explodes in like
a big group explosion.
And then there's other areas that say things like enemy.
And if you shine your flashlight on that one, it activates.
But since he always has his flashlight on, you have to like figure out how to finagle
it and get through the area without shining your light on a place too long.
Or you'll summon a bunch like a whole horde of enemies.
So it starts getting into like some actually really cool and like trippy territory.
It's very clear that they were like moving towards the design of control a little bit
more.
So the area designs get much better.
It basically takes all the assets from the base game and then just kind of slaps them
together kind of haphazardly.
So it feels like more of a nightmare and it's a lot more interesting.
I actually vaguely made me excited for Alan Wake 2 because the writing got a lot better
in the DLC.
Which, okay, so let's be very clear.
Alan Wake 2 is going to be the third Alan Wake game.
Well, we've done it, guys.
We've fucking recapped Alan Wake.
What have we done?
What did Alan...
It also ends with Space Oddity, by the way.
Yeah.
They licensed Space Oddity.
Yeah.
Why wouldn't it end with Lime and the Coconut?
That's a great question.
I would have done much, much better.
Right.
That has something to do, you know, you...
So what have we...
You played that song earlier at least.
So what have we learned at the end of all this?
What are...
After recapping that whole thing, Jack, where...
What is your final sort of standing on Alan Wake?
What can we take away from it?
What can we learn from it?
What's the overall lesson of this writer's odyssey?
There is an alluring danger to being sucked into, you know, I don't know.
Your own asshole?
Yeah.
That's about it.
Yeah.
It feels like it wants to be a game about the dangers of the creative process.
Yeah.
Right?
About a guy who gets writer's block and then, like, pushes everyone away from him.
Anyone he loves away from him and how dangerous that can be and how all-encompassing that can be.
And what was, I think, very interesting is that when you listen to Sam Lake on the commentary,
it seems like a very personal game to him.
Like, it really is, like, him working his way through the writer's block that came after doing the first two Max Payne games.
And on a level, like, that's not a terrible idea for a game.
Having a writer go through writer's block and actually have to battle, like, the demons that keep him from producing his creative output.
But, like...
Yeah, like a Barton Fink video game.
Yeah.
I mean, that would at least be interesting.
But this game, it just doesn't delve deep enough.
Like, it doesn't get...
You know what it reminds me of is a mixtape.
I feel like it's something that, like, it was crafted with love.
And it shows off, you know, what this guy enjoys and his background and what he thinks is cool and interesting.
But, like, it just, at the end of the day, adds nothing new to the conversation.
Given that this is, in a lot of ways, something personal.
You made the mixtape analogy.
And it's like, yeah, you know, this is clearly somebody talking a little bit about his process.
Was there anything to you, looking through even all of the bullshit and the bad game design, was there anything in it that spoke to you about writing or being a writer in any meaningful way?
I feel like it was superficial, the writing elements of this.
It referenced Alan Wake's writing, but we never saw any kind of showcase, aside from, like, some images of, like, the book covers.
The only writing we saw was the manuscript pages, but those were much more, like, I mean, there's no, like, narrative to them.
They were just telling us what was about to happen in the game that, you know, I feel like if you read them sequentially, they wouldn't have offered any kind of story.
Yeah, it's referencing other writers' stories about dealing with writing.
Yes, it was a collage.
And, you know, because it's like House of Leaves or The Shining or A Little Bit of Misery.
And so it's not any of his own feelings about the writer's block or anything like that.
Yeah, if he had maybe a story that he was trying to, like, grapple with or, like, find a conclusion to or, like, craft around.
And he's such a fucking nothing as a character.
We hear that people are a fan of his writing.
We certainly don't understand why.
It's not as if the pages are well-written.
It's certainly not as if he has any sort of an inner-developed life that would lead to being a good writer.
Why, and this is just for all of you, why did people like this game so much?
I'm genuinely trying to understand that.
I was wondering if it was, like, was this novel at the time, this narrative structure?
This literally came out the same weekend as Red Dead Redemption, the first one.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, so it hurt its business for a little while, but it ended up making a lot of money.
So this year in 2010, we also have Mass Effect 2, God of War 3.
Man, this is even worse.
I was giving this game a pass because I thought it was, like, novel or not.
Right.
I think it was enough of a thing where, like, video game writing was stunted enough still
that people come across something like this or come across something Western like this,
and they're like, oh, whoa, hey, look at this.
Look at this.
Wow.
I mean, look at this amazing story.
I don't know.
I've played a lot of AAA games from the more recent years in the last couple years, and
a lot of them kind of felt like this.
Yeah.
And not just Control, which kind of gets there at the end, and it starts really strong.
But I think there's so many challenges that come to making a game, especially when you're
pacing things.
In terms of, like, when is your production schedule actually putting together the pieces
of the script?
And when does that stuff get frozen, right, as you develop the rest of the game?
Yeah.
And I think that's where a lot of pacing issues and a lot of these weird plotting issues,
because this started as a totally different game, and I wonder how much of it was just,
you know, shredded and restarted versus just like, well, let's take these pages out.
Let's take these pages out.
Let's take these pages out.
And then leave this weird thing in the middle.
When I look at these reviews, it's like, did you play a different game?
I mean, I'm looking at this review from The Escapist, right?
It doesn't look like it at first, but Alan Wake is an incredibly scary game, setting it
stage with familiar, ordinary locations like a cabin in the woods or the local diner and
twisting them into something malicious.
That makes it sound like there's multiple locations, but it's just mostly woods.
I love that they've taken that typically very charming and pleasant experience of being
at a cabin in the woods and turned it scary for the first time in my life.
Bottom line here, it says, bottom line, a brilliantly told story.
Excellent voice acting in an atmosphere so unnerving, you'll sleep with the lights on
for a month.
Excellent voice acting is the one that made me just like snap a pencil I was holding in
half.
The Kotaku review, and of course they don't leave scores, but it said, for the first time
in my life, I have experienced something that plays like a game, but has the impact of a
movie.
Right.
And I think that's really important too, is like a lot of the measuring stick people were
using to say, is this story good?
Is, did it start to feel like a movie at some point in my experience?
Yes.
And I think too, that like this, this points as well to our games, art discourse was like
really hitting a peak, you know?
And because they were so mad at Roger Ebert specifically.
And so they made a game that in many ways does feel like a movie.
To be honest, it's not a movie I would ever want to watch, but it is pointing in that direction.
And I think for a lot of people, that was enough.
My, my experience, like just watching the early parts, I thought, oh, okay.
It's a, it's a horror game.
That's not super hard because I feel like horror games tend to be really hard.
Even resident evil four is pretty fucking hard.
Um, there's a game that you ever play.
It was like criminal intent or criminal origin that came out.
Oh, condemned criminal origins.
Yes.
I feel like that game did everything Alan Wake wants to do, but just so much better, but it
didn't, it didn't want to impersonate a movie.
And it's funny that condemned doesn't really get remembered at this era either because
it was a launch title for the, for the Xbox three 60.
They made a sequel.
Yeah.
Um, what was so successful about it though, Jack?
Well, I think that actually the first person accomplishes quite a bit in, uh, putting you
in the character, which is, you know, something I just gravitate towards more, but it has the
same kind of like you're disempowered.
You're, uh, it's, it's resource scarcity.
Um, but it's, and it's also the same kind of like you have to go to the library.
It's an abandoned condemned library.
You have to go to the airport.
The airport is full of drug addicts and it's been on fire for two years.
Um, because maybe because you're a detective in it, the story just unfolds in a much more
organic way and because you're discovering, and I don't remember the finer points of the
narrative, but it, it, it did feel cinematic to me from what I remember.
Maybe that's just the age I wasn't as playing it or.
I don't feel like condemned is impersonating anything, you know?
And again, we, at this point, a lot of these critics and a lot of, a lot of capital G gamers
wanted games that impersonated things.
They wanted it to impersonate a movie.
And then what kind of movie?
Well, maybe a movie based on a Stephen King novel.
And we hadn't had that.
Like that hadn't been a part of, of video gaming, right?
This wasn't zombies, even though it's pretty much just zombies.
It wasn't resident evil.
It wasn't fixed camera.
It was like, it was trying to be a little bit more accessible.
It's not, it's not super gory, you know, it's not an, it's not, not a super intense
game.
So I can see how maybe if someone wants to try a horror game, but they're not into like
fucked up shit, maybe this was their way in, but like, boy, it's just, uh, yeah, it's
a real slog.
Is there anything that you'd like to plug?
I know that you and I both just wrote for the 24 hour plays.
The, uh, the fled collective.
That's my first time working with them.
Uh, I had a really good time.
Yeah.
It was a really, really fun time.
Um, and we'll obviously include the link to that, uh, in the description of this episode.
So if you can go get it, I have nothing.
I'm, I'm, I'm only just now coming out of the comatose state I've been in for the last
two years with COVID and yeah.
Coming out of your cage and you've been doing just fine.
Someone, someone was like, listen to that song and imagine Jerry Seinfeld is the one singing
it.
Like just hold, just hold, just listen to the song and hold the image of Jerry Seinfeld in
your head and it works.
And now it's going forever.
It makes the woman he's singing about much younger.
So when I think about Alan Wake, my mind just keeps circling back like the feedback loop
of Thomas Zane and the dark presence back to that fucking night Springs episode that ends
with the line.
It's a fine line between the stupid and the sublime in night Springs.
And this game is the former, but I'm truly hopeful that Alan Wake two will be the latter.
I'm the worst of all possible.
AJ's.
I'm the worst of all possible.
Josh's.
And I'm the worst of all possible.
Brian's.
And I'm Jack.
I also just say, if you want a sublime experience, just buy a different game.
It's not any sequel to Alan Wake.
Don't reward the Finns.
That's right.
They've done enough.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
I'm Alan Wake.
And that was another episode of the worst of all possible worlds.
As always, we are brought to you not by the average New Mexican, who is of course me, but
instead brought to you by our many patrons at Patreon, who are you, the ones listening
to this, because this is a patron episode.
Anyway, a special thanks to our newest Grand Inquisitors.
That includes Zee, JD Harper, Matthew Johansson, Franklin Mays, Nancy Carr, Murray McCann, and
Zach Toes.
And of course, a very special thank you to our Pan Gloss patrons.
And they are...
Alexa Valentine.
Ashley Stoneman.
Daris Swisher.
Hannah White.
John John Johnson.
Nikola Donov.
Sam Borman.
SilverBear909.
Timmy Sexton.
And Tony Diddy.
I'm Alan Wake.
And I'm a writer.
