I've been watching Father Ted.
Oh, really?
On Amazon.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, a great show.
It truly is a great show.
And you can tell that they gave up on regular premises by the time they get to series three.
They're like, we're going to make this exceptionally weird now.
They're just going to do speed.
Yeah.
Have you seen the speed episode yet?
No, I haven't.
It's one of my favorites.
I just got two episodes in.
Of course, I finally got to the, I heard you're a racist now, father.
They do speed with a golf cart.
Oh, oh, they do the plot of the movie Speed.
Yes.
Not that they do speed together.
There's been a lot of that going on.
You know?
Yeah.
The Nazi guy just accidentally taking his suicide cyanide.
Unfortunately, I mean, look, Graham Linan is a monstrous person who unfortunately made some of the greatest TV.
Well, and that's what it is.
It's really somebody who changed, who drove himself totally insane.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And in the process alienated his spouse, his family.
There was some guy who was like posting on Twitter like a couple weeks ago.
Like, I've always been like this big fan of Graham Linan.
I remember seeing him at some big show at some point in time.
And now, just what a world it is.
I'm driving him to buy him a Big Mac before he does a show in some basement somewhere.
And it's like, Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
And here's the thing.
You know, for all the people just saying, you know, J.K. Rowling just revealed who she always was.
I genuinely think that she also got worse.
Yeah.
I mean, like you just look at the page counts of her books, right?
They get increasingly unhast.
There's no reason for a fucking mystery novel to be a thousand pages long.
Right.
Right.
And we're talking post-Potter.
Yeah.
Like, look at what she was writing as J.K. Rowling and then what she writes as Robert Galbraith.
And it's all significantly worse, right?
She's got the Ayn Rand situation where she doesn't have to have anyone edit her.
Yeah.
And look, I've seen the Fantastic Beasts films.
I know she has no editor.
She has no one saying, hey, Joe, maybe stop.
Well, she was never a screenwriter either.
No.
So like that's all on her.
Yeah, they are very novelistic, those movies, in a fascinatingly, like, awful way.
They're so torturous to sit through.
Wait, hold on.
Wait, what show is this?
I'm so glad you asked, AJ, because you right now are listening to Fancy Movie Time, the fancy
film podcast for fancy folks.
I'm Fancy Brian.
And I'm Fancy AJ.
And in this episode, we grab our brooms and sweep the streets of Honorine, Texas, as we
cover Peter Bogdanovich's 1971 coming of rage drama, The Last Pitcher Show.
The Last Pitcher Show.
It's all about how there was a show that they'd pull up a little curtain like a peep show, but
it was all pitchers.
Yeah.
And then they'd lower the curtain again.
It's all baseball films all the way down.
It's just nothing but pitchers.
I was thinking, like, for water or Kool-Aid.
Oh, sure.
That's where the Kool-Aid man came from.
He was the original Pitcher Show.
Brian, we are here today to talk about a bummer of a movie.
Yeah.
I'll just come out and say it.
We're going to make, like, my ancestors and dig around the bog for some peat, specifically
Peter Bogdanovich.
There we go.
Yeah.
The man who Robert Eggers' 2016 film is based on, The Vitch.
We're getting really in deep.
A man who you can say so many things about with his actual involvement with movies.
Yes.
And instead, you're talking about Robert Eggers, the Eggers brothers, and their witch movie.
It's a W, but it's just another, you know, it's not the bitch.
Brian, wouldst thou like to live Bogdanovich-ly?
Oh, that didn't work at all.
And here I thought I had your number.
I was like, we're going to talk about The Sopranos for a little bit.
Yeah.
Well, kind of.
We definitely will do that because I think that was my-
Because he's in there.
Yeah.
That was my first exposure to Peter Bogdanovich was 100%.
The Sopranos.
If any of our listeners out there, if your first exposure to Bogdanovich was his involvement
with The Other Side of the Wind, seek help.
But also, like, I did not realize-
I think there were a couple different people from-
I think someone else in this movie was in The Other Side of the Wind, too.
Oh, possibly.
I think it's just very interesting that, like, he is so interwoven with the story of Orson
Wells, particularly, like, later period Orson Wells, that I obviously missed him because
I had not even seen Citizen Kane.
So, to, like, have known about any of that stuff.
But he's also done, like, you know, What's Up, Doc?
Which is-
Yeah, that's my first Bogdanovich.
Yeah, which I have not seen.
Are you a fan of that film?
Are you a fan of Peter Bogdanovich's work in general?
I am a fucking huge fan of What's Up, Doc.
Amazing.
You've got Ryan O'Neill as maybe one of the hottest people who's ever been on screen in
that movie.
Oh, sure.
Madeline Conn.
I mean, it's so funny because at the time it was seen, I know, by Pauline Kael.
I've never been a big fan of Pauline Kael.
Sorry.
I'm putting that hot take out there.
But she made this whole point of, like, is film really old enough that we can start
referencing it in movies.
And I was like, yes, Pauline.
And they were already doing that in the 1910s.
Come on.
Pack up.
Go home.
On a scale of, like, Cary Grant's ass to not Cary Grant's ass, how close is Ryan O'Neill?
What I'm going to say is watch the movie.
Okay.
All right.
I will.
Just watch the movie.
You're going to have a really good time.
We won't even talk about it.
We won't even talk about it on here.
We're just-
No, just watch the movie.
Do it for my own enjoyment.
Yes.
Yes.
Sometimes I can just enjoy things.
I'm working on that.
Yes.
And, you know, sometimes I like to feel very sad about things, which is why we watched
this movie, I guess.
Yeah.
Don't-
I'm sorry.
I'm just going to talk about What's Up Doc again for a second here.
Sure, please.
Do you love it when there's, like, a foreign guy and he has a very simple monosyllabic first
name and then because of his slight accent, people hear his name as a regular word and then
it leads to a sort of Abbott and Costello situation?
I- I- yeah, sure.
Then guess what?
Yeah.
That happens in that movie.
Okay, great.
I mean, I've- I was in a production of The Foreigner, so I feel like I would feel like-
Exactly.
It's also something that you would do.
It's something that you would do.
Not necessarily something that you have done, but it's-
Misunderstand people's accents?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Come up with a gag like that.
Oh, sure, sure.
I- I do enjoy a good racism every now and again.
Okay.
He's white.
First of all.
Okay, then it's-
Oh, you know what?
Then it's fine.
It's regular anti-white racism.
Great.
I'm a huge fan of that.
More, I would say, of that.
So you had not- you had seen What's Up, Doc before.
Yeah.
Had you seen anything else in Bogdanovich's filmography?
You know, I'm looking through- I'm looking through it right now to see if I have- yes,
yes.
Actually, I may have seen this before I saw What's Up, Doc.
I saw Mask a long time ago.
Not the mask.
Not-
No, no, no, no.
Not somebody stopping him.
Mask is about a teenager named Rusty who's been raised by Cher, but he has a facial deformity,
sort of like the elephant man.
Oh, okay.
I think it's a different condition that led to his deformity.
It's Eric Stoltz.
Oh, nice.
Free Back to the Future or during back-
Oh, post-
Back to the Future.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's the 90s.
No, no, no.
It's 85.
So it's like around the same time then.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah.
I thought it was later than that for some reason.
He gets fired from Back to the Future and then throws himself wholly into a Bogdanovich
flick.
Not a bad pivot, honestly.
No.
Pretty good pivot.
Yeah.
He never quite got his star turn, Eric Stoltz.
No.
You know, he's been successful, but he's always come so close.
Like when you look at Tarantino's casting suggestions for Pulp Fiction, Eric Stoltz was in the running
for a lot of the main characters instead of the character that he got.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Lance, he plays in Pulp Fiction.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But he was like, he was originally supposed to, like, well, not originally supposed to,
but he was in the consideration for just about everybody in the main cast.
Except for Mark Stelis Wallace, maybe.
It is incredible looking at Eric Stoltz's whole, like, filmography and being like, he
has consistently worked since then.
Yeah.
It's just in pretty much nothing that I have ever seen.
Yeah.
Incredible.
So, yeah, I'm familiar with the early phase of Bogdanovich and he's really important in
everything.
But no, I hadn't really, I haven't seen Paper Moon or At Long Last Love or any of these
Or the sequel to this film, Texasville.
No, I have not seen Texasville.
It comes on the Criterion disc.
They've done the one where it's in black and white.
Okay.
And in order to, like, make it more, like, in line with the last picture show.
And I watched a little bit of it and it's okay.
You know, it's fine.
It's trying to sort of tackle the same sort of subjects, but from a more, like, middle-aged
crisis kind of way.
And it is interesting.
That doesn't sound interesting to me at all, actually.
Yeah.
No, it's fine.
Because I feel like you're already getting that in this movie with the adult characters.
Yeah, with the older characters.
And I genuinely think that the end of this movie only makes sense in my head if Jeff Bridges'
character dies in the war after he goes off to it.
But no, he's alive and well and married someone else, I guess.
The only Bogdanovich flick that I had seen prior to Last Picture Show was his adaptation
of Noises Off for the film adaptation of Noises Off.
Oh, he did that?
Yeah, he sure did.
That's not a great movie.
It is not a good movie.
Mostly because you...
How?
Like, how do you do...
Yeah, you can't really make it a great movie.
You have to sit there and, like, be in the audience for it.
It's one of the...
It's the best farce, I think, ever written or will ever be written.
Or, I guess, best British farce that has been written or will ever be written.
And to watch it on screen, it just...
It deflates it entirely.
Yeah.
They also had to cut out a couple of the gags to make it a little shorter because I think
Noises Off runs, like, two and a half.
Yeah, it makes full use of its three acts.
I guess probably Act 3 is the one you could cut the most out of if you want to.
But, like, God, it's such a good payoff in a theater to just watch them all.
Like, they have suffered and now they're at the end and they die.
They don't actually die for the listeners, but, like, they might as well.
They might as well.
And it is interesting.
Have you ever done it, Brian?
No.
No, I haven't.
I came very close to the opportunity to do it once and then I moved away from where it
was being done.
Oh, no.
Who were you up for?
What role?
No, it was, like, before the audition rolled around.
Oh, okay.
I played Freddy twice, once in high school and then once professionally.
And it's so interesting learning the lines for that thing because you have to learn three
different versions of the same act.
Yeah.
Because Michael Frayne does this really remarkable thing where the choreography times out with
the show, but he's cut lines out of the show in order to make it match the choreography.
Oh, it's very Beckett.
Yeah.
So, basically, you're doing, like, a reduced version of each one as the plays go along.
And it's lovely.
It's a great time.
Not a great film, but it is also the reason that my good buddy actually got into theater
because he watched Noises Off and the movie and was like, I want to do that on the stage.
Yeah.
Enough of the material was still there that it was, like, yeah, this is cool.
Like, you see the bones of it and you're like, yeah, hell yeah.
But we are here today to talk about a much earlier Bogdanovich picture.
In fact, his second one.
I thought it was his last one.
Oh, no!
It should have been.
I think...
He should have retired at, like, 20.
He was 32 years old when he...
When The Last Picture Show was released in 1971.
Before that, he had directed exactly one film.
One narrative film, which is called Targets.
And I have not seen it, but it looks to be a crime thriller.
Just like a sort of straight down the barrel crime thriller.
It wasn't until Last Picture Show that he really got put on the map.
Because, you know, this thing comes out and then he wins.
It wins so many Academy Awards.
It's nominated for eight of them.
He was living with Orson Welles at the time.
Oh.
Who, like, advised him on a lot of things.
The reason why it's in black and white is because of Orson Welles.
It's just, like, it will make it feel more nostalgic.
Yeah, it feels like 1951.
Should note that Targets was something that Roger Corman produced.
So Bogdanovich is another one of those people who did a B-movie for Roger Corman.
Worked on, you know, it was like a budget of, like, $100,000.
But he also lucked out.
Maybe this was the Welles connection.
I don't know.
Boris Karloff is the star of that movie.
Oh, shit.
Okay.
And he was very old at that point.
Died, like, the next year?
Yeah.
Yeah, it was a year before Karloff died.
Wow.
Got in right under the gun there.
So, you know, just the fucking Bela Lugosi.
Last movies he does are all with Ed Wood.
And then Boris Karloff gets to go out with, like, The Grinch and Peter Bogdanovich.
Not bad.
Yeah.
Not a bad run.
I think what's really funny is that the guy who plays Sam the Lion in this, Ben Johnson, who we'll talk about a little bit later.
He, I had assumed this would be his last performance because it kind of feels that way.
And then he did movies for, like, the next 20 years or so.
Yeah, he's not that old.
Yeah.
No, I know, but there's something that feels so final about this.
You know, it feels so definitive.
It's like, it should be the cap on his long career doing Westerns.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then he does Red Dawn in the 80s instead.
Yeah.
Well, you know, sometimes people do Lear Young.
James Earl Jones was, like, not even 40, I think, when he did Lear.
Man.
And you can watch it.
It's nice to work if you can get it.
Yeah, you sent that to me.
It's tremendous.
And also, since this is fancy movie time and he had such a huge impact, obviously, on cinema.
R.I.P. James Earl Jones.
Holy shit.
I don't know if we're ever going to get another one like you.
Well, thanks to the wonders of AI.
No!
And a Ukrainian company called Respeecher.
We're going to be hearing him for a long, long time.
He's like the test.
I guess he and Peter Cushing were the testing grounds for the horrible future that awaits.
If you want some, like, James Earl Jones stories that you might not have heard before,
I'd really recommend the book Free For All, which is about the founding of the public theater
and mostly about Joe Papp, who founded the public theater.
But James Earl Jones did Shakespeare in the park there for many, many, many, many, many years.
Which is where he did Lear.
Yeah.
Which is where he did Lear.
And there's a lot.
He's interviewed for the book and just tells a lot of stories about what it was like in the very, like,
first couple of festivals where, like, there were just, like, wild animals invading their space.
It's really quite a bit of fun.
But speaking of legends going out to pasture,
The Last Picture Show, a film you have not, you did not watch before.
I had also never seen it before.
The closest thing I can sort of equate it to is, like, Friday Night Lights in terms of, like, vibe and mood.
I'm pretty sure that the town that it takes place in, the fictional town of Annarine, Texas,
it feels like I have driven through that town on my way driving from San Diego to visit my sister in Texas.
Yeah.
I drove through West Texas, and this is supposed to be, like, North Texas.
But I'm, like, I'm pretty sure I drove through this exact town.
Like, that's what it looks like.
It's just a couple of streets, a couple of businesses, but mostly, for the most part, like, abandoned.
Did you ever sojourn out to Texas in your time growing up in New Mexico, Brian?
Not, usually not on purpose.
Oh, just on accident you found yourself.
Well, you've got to drive through it to get to a lot of places.
So I've driven through Texas a number of times, mainly the Panhandle.
Oh, sure.
That's where I-40 runs through.
And it's actually, that's probably the nicest stretch of the drive that you will have on I-40,
is going through the Texas Panhandle.
The roads are very well maintained.
Texans are, across the board, bad people.
Don't do this.
Down to the last.
Don't do this!
You know, the old joke, you know, why is New Mexico so windy is because Texas sucks.
And then you could also do because Arizona blows.
We will have war declared on us, Brian.
We will have absolute war.
Okay, when's the last time Texas won a war?
I don't, I feel like I should be remembering something.
They never really did.
Yeah, I feel like I should be remembering something.
Right.
But that's also a loss?
Yeah.
No, they got their asses fucking ganked down there.
Davy Crockett died.
They fucked up so bad they killed Davy Crockett.
But he's the king of the wild frontier.
Billy Bob Thornton was right there in that movie I saw and no one else did.
Getting run through.
Was it just called The Alamo?
Is that what you're talking about?
Yeah, yeah.
It was just called The Alamo.
If I remember correctly, it was fine.
It was a perfectly fine movie.
Again, though, it has that disease where we have to end it on a triumph like Pearl Harbor.
So we have to get to like the next thing that happened where Texans finally win a battle.
So they go to where?
Mexico?
Like what's the end of it?
Well, yeah.
No, it's still in, I don't know.
It depends on how you want to define it, I guess.
So then, of course, they join the Confederacy and get beaten again.
Right.
So that's 0 for 2.
Alamo and the Civil War.
Okay.
Sorry about your slaves.
Not really, though.
Suck my dick.
Eat my shit.
All of your fucking state.
I mean, look, there are people who, I mean, there are Texans who are trapped under a really draconian system of government.
They deserve it.
They deserve worse.
In fact.
Like, they need to be kept under control.
You should see them change lanes.
They need to be kept under control.
As somebody who has visited Texas a lot of times, there are a lot of wonderful people there, Brian.
I have also, like, I also did a mission trip to Texas.
We were really spreading the gospel to a bunch of fucking people in Texas.
Oh, hello, fellow singer.
Allow me to preach to you.
I remember staying at, like, some horrible little fucking, like, hostile thing in, like, Lubbock.
What was it?
Amarillo?
I don't even remember.
Where is Lubbock?
It's in Texas.
All right.
Fair enough.
Oh, Mr. I have visited Texas so many times.
I've never heard of Lubbock?
Next you're going to tell me you've never heard of Amarillo.
I know Amarillo.
Of course I do.
Oh, do you know?
It was in Red Dead Redemption.
So, uh.
That's not true.
It's Armadillo.
Yeah, there are no real towns in it.
It's fake states.
I know, but it's a rivet.
It's a rivet.
And Amarillo, I'm pretty sure, has been referenced in, like, country songs.
But, yeah, so the author of the book.
Can't rhyme Lubbock with anything.
Yes, you can.
Name one thing you can rhyme it with.
Hubbock.
I'll hub your ick.
Yeah, it's a strange feeling you get in your heart when you see your girl.
Your heart goes all hubbock, hubbock, hubbock.
You go hubbock, hubbock, hubbock, and you ride on down to Lubbock.
See?
See, right there.
Easy to rhyme.
You missed your calling as a country singer.
Yeah.
But then I think the real problem was you'd get up to the mic in Texas and say,
you all suck, and then you'd be shot immediately.
I'd have a Blues Brothers situation that would lead to-
You'd become a target.
Yeah.
Speaking of targets, Peter Bogdanovich.
Yeah.
Well, so what I'm saying is Wichita Falls is what this place is based on.
Yes.
And it's-
Well, Wichita Falls is also in the movie.
Right.
Yes, it's referenced in the movie.
That's a classic way of, like, doing a little misdirection.
No, it's not actually Wichita Falls, but it is Wichita Falls.
But it is adjacent.
Where Larry McMurdy, the guy who wrote the book, the very autobiographical book, is based
on.
That's where he grew up.
He also co-wrote the screenplay-
Yes.
With Bogdanovich.
And also helped out-
Which he just did for all of the screenplays based on his books?
Like, Lonesome Dove?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Very interesting.
Yeah.
And I think he does a very good job with the screenplay for this one.
And it retains, like, I've not read the book, but it retains, I think, enough of the material
without feeling like a novel, J.K. Rowling.
So we get to-
Also, just a more interesting novel than, you know, witches in America or whatever.
Well-
The magic only spins forward.
A not gay fantasia.
So, yeah.
I sit down to watch this movie.
I have no idea what to expect from it.
I'd imagine-
I thought this was going to be about movies.
Yeah, me too.
But it turns out it's about sort of the death of America and how everything that you want
will eventually crumble beneath you.
And the best thing that you can do is kind of just soldier on.
Yeah.
And occasionally sleep with a teenager?
Or be a teenager and sleep with an adult.
Yeah.
Be slept with.
Oh, boy.
Be with slept.
Just deeply strange.
Yeah.
Deeply unsettling.
I think it's really interesting because it's like, this is the-
When we say make America great again is what we're talking about, right?
1951.
Yes.
We're talking about this point where there was so much economic upward mobility.
And this guy is writing about his actual experience in the post-war period in the shittiest
fucking place in the world, which is Texas.
Well, specifically this town of Anarine because-
The whole state.
Well, no.
Specifically this fictional town of Anarine.
Because this movie opens up and it's just like an abandoned ghost town.
Yeah.
My first note is just like, where the hell is anyone?
It's like an oil town that's past the boom days.
It still has people working in oil.
But that's the thing is like an oil job only lasts for a certain amount of time.
And the farther technology advances, the fewer people that you need around.
And so by this point, it's kind of a skeleton crew taking care of this whole thing.
And the main street, all the stores and all the, you know, everything, including the movie
theater by the end.
It's just, it's done.
This town is done.
It is over.
And yet there is a sequel to this movie set in the same town.
So it somehow like finds that way of surviving and coming back around.
But the first thing we, speaking of that movie theater, the first thing we see is in fact
that movie theater.
And it's playing Father of the Bride, which that was a fun way to learn that movie was
a remake.
Oh, you didn't know that?
Yeah.
I'm just like, Steve Martin is eternal.
He has looked 50 since he was 20.
There aren't even any.
It's Father of the Bride.
Yeah.
It's also based on the movie.
Yeah.
Siegfried and wrong, Brian.
Siegfried and wrong.
So the movie opens and we see our protagonist, Sonny, who is driving his beat up shit ass car.
And like everyone in the town of Annarine is just trying to keep this beat up thing still
running.
And he runs into his little buddy, Billy, who is sweeping the streets, who has a learning
disability of some.
Yeah.
He's like nonverbal.
Yes.
He seems very nice and they all keep him around.
But yeah.
Yeah.
Sonny flips his hat around as like a little thing of endearment.
And, you know, Billy really seems to dig when that happens.
But Billy works for the general convenience store.
And we have this wonderful scene where we get to know the two characters by Sonny going
in and like playing pool and everybody in town just giving him shit for being the worst
football player in the history of the town.
Yeah.
No, this is why, again, it's like Oklahoma's like this, too.
They're all these adults who have nothing else going on in their fucking lives and decide
that the only thing that matters is the high school football team.
Like you were saying, like Friday Night Lights.
This is a very real thing.
Yeah.
You know, because I grew up a little tiny bit in Oklahoma.
We lived there for a couple of years when I was a little.
Oh, that's right.
I always forget.
And my brother went through kindergarten while we were in Oklahoma.
And at the end of kindergarten, the teacher came up to my mom and sat her down and was like,
we want to hold your son back for a year.
Not because he wasn't performing well in school, but because they do that to kids who they think
might be good football players so that they're bigger and heavier once they get.
Because it's not, you know, it's not a weight class.
It's an age bracket.
Oh, dear God.
And so in Oklahoma at this point in time, instead of just holding him back and doing
kindergarten twice, which a lot of people do, they had come up with some sort of bizarre
one-half year class between kindergarten and first grade.
So my mom had to like talk the teachers out of holding my brother back for no reason just so he could be like a football player.
My brother never played football.
So that, well, I mean, thank God that sounds like a nightmare.
Also, you know, the head injuries.
Yes.
And other injuries.
All, and all of the other injuries were also introduced to a baby Jeff Bridges.
Yeah.
As fucking Dwayne.
His name isn't fucking Dwayne.
However, he's, he's, he's a, he's a little fuckhead and he is already talks like the dude.
Like he's already got, he's already like has this like bass baritone voice is like a 17 year old and he and Sonny are best friends.
He's not 17.
Well, I know, but like the character is 17.
Yeah, he's like 22.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But he's already talking like, hey there buddy, you missed the tackle there the other day.
It's a comic exaggeration.
It is, it is exactly, I will die on this hill.
It is a perfect impression of him in this film.
But yeah, I mean, yeah, you get tons of, of these young faces of like, holy shit.
Like that's Eileen Brennan.
That's, yeah, that's Cloris Leachman.
That's Ellen Burstyn.
That's Sybil Shepard.
Yeah.
Sybil Shepard's first role.
And then like way later it's like, oh, there's Randy Quaid.
Okay.
So here's, here's a fun story about Randy Quaid.
I watched this with my roommate David.
And when that, when that character came on screen that Randy Quaid plays, David's like, look at this Randy Quaid ass motherfucker.
And then we reached the end of the film and it's actually just Randy Quaid.
Who did he think it was?
We didn't, we don't know.
He's so distinctive.
I know, but he's a baby.
He already looked like Cousin Eddie there.
He does.
He does.
And their teacher, their teacher is Higgins from Magnum P.I.
We did briefly think it was Paul F. Tompkins.
We just referred to the teacher as Paul F. Tompkins.
That is John Hillerman.
I know.
Similar styles though.
Little mustache, little, little suit.
That is John Hillerman.
I'm sorry.
He is Higgins on Magnum P.I.
Okay.
Show respect for Higgins.
I will show my due deference to Higgins.
Oh, also another fun fact is that Sonny and Billy are brothers in real life.
That's Timothy Bottoms and Sam Bottoms.
Yeah, the Bottoms boys.
The Bottoms boys.
And God, Timothy Bottoms is so good in this movie.
The acting pretty much across the board is remarkable in this film.
I think that.
And Timothy Bottoms is like 19.
It feels so lived in.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He really looks like a wee baby.
And so does Cybill Shepherd.
Obviously, this is her first role that she'd ever done.
Bogdanovich discovered her and they would go on to work together in several films over the years.
Yeah.
And Timothy Bottoms hasn't had that kind of star.
career, really.
He really hasn't.
He was in Johnny Got His Gun the same year as this, actually.
Yeah.
And I don't know.
It just didn't leverage out for him.
I don't really know his story.
The last movie that he's in, according to IMDb, is Tar.
And it's no, it's not that one.
Oh, I was going to say, who was he?
It's a movie that came out in 2020 that's called Tar.
And it's a horror movie about a creature that emerges from La Brea.
Oh, no.
Oh, Timothy, no.
I do.
I do like that.
I was in Tar.
But no.
No.
Not Tar.
Tar.
It does.
It kind of feels like the opposite of the Amadeus conundrum, where it's always the Salieri
that wins all the awards, being the main character.
But in this one, it's like, what if the plucky best, what if Mozart went on to have the career?
Well, it's also like Amadeus in that there was that horror movie about the creature that
emerges from the Amadeus tar pits.
It makes a fart sound when it comes out of the tar.
Little bubbly farts.
We meet Sybil Shepard, who plays J.C. Farrow in the movie.
And J.C. is the rich girl in town, right?
She's from the richest family in town.
Her mom is Ellen Burstein in a performance that is so unspeakably good.
In movies like this, you usually see the depressed housewife character.
And they're usually just like kind of a monster or like so deeply repressed they take it out
on their kids.
But Louis Farrow.
It's a very different thing.
This is a very different kind of relationship.
Like she is living her best life.
She is openly cheating on her husband, which is a very open secret in the town.
Yeah.
She dances with their paramour.
Kind of reminds me of like Diana Rigg in Game of Thrones.
Just a woman who says everything the way that it is, right?
And she knows how to kind of use the way things are constructed to benefit herself.
And she tries to advise her daughter in the same way.
It's a very interesting and lovely relationship because her daughter, J.C., might be like one
of the best villains I've seen in a long time.
Like she is just monstrous for so much of this.
And to prove this point in like the first scene we see alone with her and her mom, she just
shoves a cat off the bed so violently that you're like, I hope that cat's okay.
Oh, it's fine.
I know.
Cats always land on their feet.
But still, it is a shocking bit of violence that I was not anticipating.
So J.C. is dating Dwayne and Dwayne is a very, let's say, jealous Texan boy at heart.
And J.C. is trying, like, is being set up with like more rich folks, right?
There's a very bizarre scene where she goes to a nude swimming party where everybody must
be nude in order to swim.
And there's just, I don't know how this keeps happening.
There's just more child nudity.
And I just, we gotta, I wish we would just stop.
I wish we could have like one movie.
There's too much of this in these old movies, yeah.
Yeah, what is going on?
Keep the kids' clothes on, man.
For God's sake.
So everybody gets, it's basically like an eyes wide shut thing, but for like teenagers.
And they all get nude and J.C. just starts like seeing some of the more rich boys in town,
much to the chagrin of Dwayne, who keeps challenging people to fights, but is ultimately cucked at
every turn.
This movie is basically Pride and Prejudice for 50s rednecks.
Oh, that's great.
It's a comedy of manners and everyone is focused really on marriage and children in the future,
right?
And so much of like the conversations around sex, it's as though condoms don't even exist.
Like they don't even know about them.
You know, this is before the pill.
And so everything is all about like, how are you going to like bag someone?
How are you going to sort of nail it down?
And I guess the answer to that most often is to have some of the most upsetting sex I've
ever seen on film.
It is deeply sad.
And everyone in this movie wants a thing, doesn't get it, and then is emotionally devastated
even when they get close to the thing that they want.
I think the closest person to actually like filling that hole in her heart is Clarence
Leachman's character, Ruth Popper, who is the wife of the coach of the football team that
Sonny is on.
And the coach is like, you know what, Sonny?
I need you to go take my wife to the hospital for her checkup.
And it's implied that she has cancer, question mark?
Or like, I wasn't quite sure what exactly her malady was.
I don't think she, that's not what I took away from it at least.
I don't know.
I mean, she lives for a pretty long time, so I guess it's not cancer.
But the way she, I love the way that she describes it.
Sonny asks her, is it something bad?
And she says, no, it's something dreary.
And I, I think that's really lovely.
I think that's a very poetic turn of phrase, particularly when I thought it was describing
cancer.
But maybe it's just that she is infertile.
Ultimately, I don't, I don't know.
Do you have any thoughts on?
I don't, I don't think she, I don't, I think it's just like some chronic thing that she's
seeing to it.
It didn't, didn't really strike me as something that was meant to be thought about a lot
because of how they kind of just avoid it all the time.
Right, right.
It's barely taught.
It's just a thing that gets him to drive her to the hospital so that she can eventually
start having sex with this kid.
Yeah, because she has Dr. Pepper in the fridge.
That's how this whole thing starts.
They, yeah, they, they start, they start in a fair together.
And it's weird that the, the position the movie seems to take on this is that this child
is sort of fully in control of like his faculties in it.
Or like it is a very, it is, it is, it is unorthodox, but ultimately he is entering into
it of his like own full volition.
But I'm just like, he's a child.
This is a child.
This is a bad thing that's happening.
This is, this is a very bad scenario and I would like it to stop, please.
Yeah.
It's a pretty disturbing thing.
That's how I don't, I don't, I don't know if the movies, I don't know how the movie's
playing it then.
I didn't, I didn't find that to be the thing.
I think, I think just because the way it, it ends up shaking out at the end where he's
screamed at so violently by her, it feels like the movie is more on her side than.
I don't agree with that at all.
No, I don't, I don't think the movie's on her side in any way.
I feel like she's just, I think she's not a very good person.
And I think that she's like desperate and alone.
I mean, you never even see her like with her husband at any time.
They're like, don't share any screen time.
She's always just at that house and he's always just, he's got the most important job in town,
which is being a shitty coach.
Yeah.
For a terrible team that instantly improves the minute Sonny leaves it.
It is interesting in all their scenes together that she's, she's very like mothering towards
him.
Like she keeps wanting to like knit him a blanket or something that, that is his favorite color.
And the way that she interacts with them when they're not having sex is very like motherly,
which, you know, is, I think what drove me down the path eventually of deciding that she,
she actually couldn't have kids and that this was sort of her way of enact.
I mean, I think that's, that's definitely possible.
I don't think, I don't know if that's what she's going to the hospital for,
but yeah, it's certainly a chronic thing.
And so Sonny's dealing with that, but there's just a lot of like other things happening in
this town over the course of the year that we spend in it.
The kids try and get Billy laid at one point with the town prostitute.
And it's a deeply upsetting scene because Billy doesn't want to do it.
And they're like, this will make you a man or whatever.
And then they get barred from the store owned by this character named Sam the Lion.
Yeah.
He just owns all the actual businesses that are open.
Yeah.
He's like the last.
He owns the theater and he owns, he owns the bar, the pool.
And he is sort of the last bastion of like this town of, of the old West.
He's basically the old West incarnate.
And he's played by this guy, Ben Johnson, who is,
was sort of a staple of the John Ford films of, of the past.
He helped foil the gunpowder plot.
Oh my God.
On the 5th of November.
Yeah.
You didn't know Ben Johnson did that?
That was the playwright, Ben Johnson.
He was actually like responsible for.
I thought he was like in a, in a film adaptation of like some old time.
He filled out the gunpowder.
He just has the same name.
Oh man.
Playwright, Ben Johnson.
It was, you know, I didn't recognize him without the mask.
The Ben Johnson mask.
Yes.
It's very popular around Halloween.
The Ben Johnson mask.
Oh, you're trying to reference Guy Fawkes?
Yeah.
Yeah.
But it's, but for the guy who, who helped defeat him.
Yeah.
It is always funny wearing, wearing a Ben Johnson mask at Halloween.
And people are like, are you Shakespeare?
It's like, I'm Ben Johnson.
Yeah.
They do look exactly the same.
Exactly the same.
Marlo too.
I think, I think there was just one guy doing all the portraits and he just drew everyone,
painted everyone to look like himself.
Yeah.
With all, all of his face and all the people are like, I don't know, man.
I don't think that looks like me.
He's like, trust me, man.
Are we all going bald?
I don't think so.
I don't even have an earring.
But look, look, people are going to, people are going to assume you did.
So why not just put it in there anyway?
Come on.
We're making you look cool, Billy boy.
Yeah.
The one portrait guy in London, just a real narcissistic.
Like they all just look like you.
Paints Queen Elizabeth, bald mustache.
At least put a wig on me.
Never.
Tiny little goatee.
Then Johnson is, is incredible in this movie.
Yeah.
Much better actor than writer.
Yeah.
Well, he's no Shakespeare or Marlowe, but neither.
Yeah.
Even though he looks exactly the same.
He's a third guy.
Oh, somehow a third Elizabethan playwright.
But yeah, he, he delivers this monologue when he's at his old fishing watering hole.
And, and Bogdanovich has this trick.
He does, he does like a slow zoom in shot.
And he does this a couple of times in the movie when like, we're really like probing into
like the inner lives of these characters.
And he gives this monologue about his past and how he was there with a beautiful young
woman.
And they, they, uh, race their horses, uh, across the Creek and how, you know, if he
had like his one wish, he'd be able to like do it again.
If she asked him, he would do it all over again.
Um, and it's this yearning and pining for an old West.
That's pretty much gone now because he is the last bastion of like, if, if this is 1951,
he would have been born in like the 1900s.
Right.
And like, he would have seen the West die before his eyes and that he is, once he goes and once
he dies, you know, halfway through this movie, you lose a sense of what was entirely.
And the fifties, particularly in these, in these oil towns were in this huge point of
transition between that sort of old West cowboy days and modernization.
Right.
And what it was like to sort of grow up in that limbo, having these pillars of your community
be like, this is how it used to be just endless skies, horses.
We were wild.
We were young.
We were free.
Well, you know, most, you know, if you were white, you were free.
Uh, but like, you know, this sort of romanticized idea of the West and what happens when they
die and you're just left in this state of flux.
And that's what I think this movie captures so beautifully.
And even Sam, the lion is just like, I don't know, like all these guys have is some chick
that they fucked at some point in time.
They don't really have anything else going on for them.
It's like whatever high school kid is doing the football game and whatever high school
kid they're going to have sex with.
And yeah, yep.
They project their entire lives into the, like basically the four year span of these kids
being in their last years of school.
And that is such an incredible amount of pressure to have to operate under as a teenager.
Because they are actively fetishizing your joy.
And if you are living in that time and not feeling that joy, then what the fuck is wrong
with you?
Yeah.
You know, there's this sort of boiling sense of like, we have to amount to something
because I don't want to be the old man sitting by this river remembering a time when I was
that happy.
Yeah.
I want to, I want to do something different, but at every opportunity, it just eludes.
Yeah.
And, and, you know, this is a movie coming out in 1971.
So we're talking about like the dream of the hippies and the dream of the hippies is to
go away, to leave San Diego and go to San Francisco or to leave Ithaca and go to Woodstock or, you
know, you just have to, wherever it is that you are, get somewhere else, do it now.
You've got to get away from your parents, get away from everybody else, which is a consequence
of that mobility.
You have enough money to, to go somewhere else for college and to do something else and to
get away.
And a lot of movies kind of deal with the sadness of not being able to do that, which
is what this movie is.
They don't actually, they, they're trapped here.
The sole exception, of course, being JC, who has the money to get out of town, but instead
chooses to like go through every single one of her options.
Yeah.
Yeah.
In order.
And yeah.
In order.
And then you have the flip side of that, which is stuff like, I don't know, five easy pieces,
which is the sadness of having left and having left it all behind, but you're still tethered
to it in some way.
Right.
And maybe it's like, maybe you're really just abandoning everyone when you do that,
but who knows?
Yeah.
But you know, you do get to play piano on the back of a truck in Oklahoma.
I mean, that's something.
Yeah.
That's what you, your childhood was like in Oklahoma.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's a lot of, a lot, a lot of run-ins with Jack Nicholson saying smarmy things to
waitresses.
I think that was shot in Oklahoma.
I think that's a Tulsa movie.
I hope so.
Five easy pieces.
Oh my God.
Wait, no, I have to look it up now.
I have to waste your time.
No, but it wasn't actually shot in Oklahoma.
It was shot partly in Bakersfield, which is the Oklahoma of California.
Yeah.
Cause it's set in Cal.
It is set in.
And apparently a lot of Canada.
Wow.
Okay.
Yeah.
In Vancouver Island.
Yeah.
Which is the Oklahoma of.
That's not true.
There you go.
No, no, no.
That justifies it.
I think Alberta is the Oklahoma of Canada.
Speaking of Oklahoma.
Mm-hmm.
JC and Sonny decide to make a fucking break for it and make their way up to Oklahoma to
get married.
Mm-hmm.
And they do, much to the chagrin of Cloris Leachman's character who has been abandoned
for somebody Sonny's own age.
And this is kind of like if you got to see what happened after the end of The Graduate,
because they realize halfway through driving, or at least JC does, that this was a horrible
decision that she absolutely does not want to be tied down to Sonny and is very relieved
when a cop pulls them over and makes them go back to Texas and get the marriage annulled.
And then JC's able to go off to college leaving Sonny behind.
It's funny because this is sort of the moment in the film where we see that the reason JC
has kind of felt out of sync with everybody else in town is that she doesn't really belong
here and that she's been trying to fit herself into it.
And that's been sort of her main conflict throughout the whole thing.
But also that nobody really belongs in this town and they should all get the fuck out of there.
Yeah, no, this is a place that just makes you worse.
That's all it does.
It just ruins you.
It gives you no enrichment whatsoever.
Like all you can maybe hope to do is see a movie and then that's gone once Sam dies.
It's funny because at Sam's funeral, Lois, who is Ellen Burstein's character,
everyone else is wearing black and she's wearing all white.
And she's like actually having an emotion.
She's like crying.
She's carrying on.
And it's almost like, okay, so there is a way to survive in this town and still be like a decent person
or at least to be like a full person that isn't completely crushed by it.
But you have to like actively fight at every single turn.
She's so disconnected from the rest of the town, you know, and they have a TV.
You know, that's an expensive thing.
It's a expensive thing to have in 1951.
And so they're always watching TV.
The radio is always on.
It's sort of like MASH.
There's always like or American Graffiti.
There's always music playing.
You know, everybody's always listening to the radio and you always hear the songs or like Northern Exposure.
It's like.
Right, right.
That's the reason why Northern Exposure couldn't be watched for a very long time.
It's because a lot of a lot of that music.
In the version that's on Amazon now, they basically wrote new songs to sound like the songs that they were replacing.
It was a very expensive project to replace music on that.
Oh, wow.
I mean, that's got to be a that's a nice gig if you can get it.
Yeah.
To be some like uncredited, unlicensed stock music.
Sound alike.
Yeah.
I think the thing that that I love about this movie is that like it really draws you in and doesn't let you escape from the misery of it.
Like it doesn't blink ever, which is really refreshing.
Yeah.
The times when anyone leaves town, you don't follow them.
Right.
Sam dies because those two boys go down to Mexico and come back.
And all you see is them leaving and coming back.
But it's like maybe a week has passed.
Something like that.
Right.
It's funny how that feels like mash, too.
It feels like, you know, they go and they get drunk.
They come back sombreros on and everything.
It's a very funny scene.
Actually, when we see them coming back and they're all they're just completely decimated by their time in New Mexico.
In Mexico.
Old Mexico.
In old Mexico.
And they come back.
And I mean, they really foreshadow Sam the Lion's death in a very big way.
I mean, that big speech is like, I'm going to die in the next scene.
I'm going to die in the next scene.
I fuck this 20 year old.
I'm going to die in the next scene.
Enjoy Mexico.
Here's some money for you.
I hope to see you again at some point.
And then it just lingers on for like a second too long.
I'm like, oh, he's not.
He's not going to be in rush hour three.
Yeah.
It's like when Alan Alda and Horace and Pete leaves the bar and you just see his shadow behind the window.
And you're like, oh, OK, that's it.
Alan Alda's dead now.
Farewell.
You feel his absence in the movie.
Yeah.
He was the only one keeping up anything in the town that you could argue was worth anything.
Right.
And not just going to Wichita Falls, which is where, from what I understand, the town of Wichita Falls contains exactly one motel.
And that's where all the teens go to fuck each other.
Yes.
And that's.
Or don't.
Or don't.
In this case.
Yeah, OK.
Because they can't get an erection.
Yeah, OK.
This is a question I had.
And I under.
What did you get some some gay vibes off of Dwayne and Sonny or at least some some bi vibes?
Because.
Not any more than just like two guys are always kind of gay with each other.
Yeah.
I mean, it it is interesting because he I think it is nerves.
Obviously, the first time when he can't get it.
When Jeff Bridges can't get it up for Sybil Shepard.
But then I don't know, like the way they interact.
And like their chum like their chumminess together.
I'm just like this could be a friendship or you could probably argue that there are some romantic feelings there.
And the only way they can express them is to throw a bottle to the face instead of just smooching.
Right.
They express it physically in fighting, which is even played around with in Brokeback Mountain.
Right.
Every time that those guys like see each other, they start by kind of punching each other a little bit before they start kissing.
Also.
Yeah.
Who was one of the co-writers of the Brokeback Mountain screenplay?
Was it Bogdanovich?
It's not Bogdanovich.
Oh, shit.
It was Larry McMurtry?
Yes.
Larry McMurtry.
The writer of The Last Picture Show?
That's so cool.
I said McMurtry earlier.
I thought it was McMurtry.
Oh, I thought I heard you say McMurtry.
Oh, that's because I said something that was very close to that because I misread McMurtry as McMurtry.
So then when you said McMurtry, I just tried to correct you.
And then I was like, wait a second.
Did I?
Was I wrong?
Hang on.
Hang on.
I was wrong.
But yes.
Yeah.
Larry McMurtry was one of the writers.
God, shit.
McMarty McFly.
Larry McMurtry.
McMurtry.
McMurtry.
McMurtry McFlyry.
Flyry.
But yes, he was a co-writer on Brokeback Mountain with Ang Lee.
All right.
Well, then you know what?
It's decided.
These two characters, also a little gay.
I'm sorry.
With Diana Osana.
I'm just wrong about everything today.
Ang Lee is not a credited writer, which I thought he was on Brokeback Mountain.
He usually doesn't actually help with the screenplays.
He mostly does direction.
For some reason, I thought there was a credit there.
That's just because I'm fucking stupid.
No.
Like everyone who lives in Texas.
Don't do this.
Don't do this.
Well, it's where all my exes are.
Okay.
Okay.
I see.
This is a lot of just you working through your country music.
Why did they all move there?
I don't know.
They lived in different places.
Brian, here's the worst part.
They're all friends now.
And all they talk about is you.
In Lubbock.
In Lubbock.
They call you a big Lubbocks.
There we go.
See?
There's so many rhymes.
Lubbocks does not rhyme with Lubbock.
I know.
It's an identity.
And I guess an imperfect one.
Writer chat.
Oh, Jesus.
We love talking about the craft.
But this movie was a huge hit, by the way.
Like, Last Picture Show made like $100 million on like a $10 million budget or something.
Look, never underestimate the power of nostalgia, man.
Yeah.
50s nostalgia, particularly.
I mean, this is 71.
Yeah.
It's nostalgia mixed with counterculture.
It is like a sort of anti-nostalgia.
It is like.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I remember that.
It sucked.
Which I think obviously people were kind of itching for.
It was like both teenagers at this time seeing themselves in this movie.
And then also their parents seeing themselves in this movie.
Seeing the places that they probably left in order to go to college and then get a better job and never come back.
And now a couple generations down, you have a bunch of people who are like, we should go back to this.
And it's like, you are free to.
Those houses cost like $2.
You can go do it right now and you'll find out that it sucks.
Or even that like the people who watch this movie in 1971 feeling that way over the course of 14 years.
Yeah.
Then became nostalgic for it.
Yeah.
Like they're like, oh, God, I'm so glad I'm out of that place to like 14 years later.
But like maybe it's not so bad.
Maybe we should go back there.
Too many years.
Too many.
Using some plutonium.
Too many hours of cable TV.
Too many years spent online.
On Facebook.
And then just pound after pound of COVID brain damage.
I do wonder what it would be like to do a double feature of Back to the Future and Last Picture Show.
Like that is just such an interesting combination because they are diametrically opposed and yet to me rhyme in a very interesting way.
Two different class positions too.
You have rural, mostly poor kids.
And even those kids who have money, you know, I mean, if you're a roughneck, you're typically making good money.
But it's right.
Again, it's going to go away.
Like you're not going to be able to keep that job for a very long time.
And you're going to get fucked.
Yeah.
And, you know, that would have happened to Dwayne had he not joined the army, which he does decide to do.
Yeah.
In this sequel, what has he been doing since then?
He's an oil guy.
Okay.
He just gets into oil in a big way once he gets back from the war.
Again, I did not watch a lot of it, but I just wanted to like make sure.
I just kind of wanted to see because I was interested after this movie ended, like what happened to everybody.
And it was mostly that everybody was just kind of fine, like really sad, but fine.
The person I didn't get to was Cloris Leachman comes back.
And I'm like, I wonder what the fuck her character is up to in the sequel.
Yeah.
I don't want to know.
Like that's such a weird thing to, I didn't, I had no idea that he made a sequel to this thing.
Cause it's like that this is the story.
This is the whole thing.
Yeah.
Like it encapsulates so much.
Like I understand Francois Truffaut making sequels to the 400 blows to let us know what child Francois Truffaut is up to.
It's like, yeah, well, you're still, but like what else is there to tell here?
This is, this, the, you, this is supposed to feel like hell.
Right.
But I think it's more that Bogdanovich talks about that movie a lot about what it feels like to go through a midlife crisis.
And that's sort of what he was dealing with.
And it was very personal to him because he himself was going through that same crisis at the same time.
So it, it, that, that's, that was the territory it was trying to mine.
It's just that this time in the last picture show is just so much more dramatically fulfilling because it's not, it's on we, but it's like the town itself.
It's like the town itself is actively fighting against you.
So there's more of a conflict there.
Even when you are just trying to live your life, it isn't living, it's survival in a way that middle age is just like, it's, it's, it's dealing with a more abstract concept of like legacy and, you know, incoming or like seeing death for the first time on the horizon.
And I can see where Peter Bogdanovich finds like a resonance with this.
He's not a Texan, obviously, but he's from Kingston, New York is the name of the town, which is about the size of Gallup.
Sure.
It's a town of 24,000 people today, probably less, you know, when he was a kid and he must've read this book and been like, oh yeah, I know this shit.
I remember what this was like.
Yeah.
I see myself in that small town and how it meant and what it felt like to try to escape it because, you know, there's a great scene where Sonny just like fully drives out of town trying to abandon it.
And then he can't, right?
He turns around because he has to, because there's this sort of horrible gravitational force of this black hole that is the town that pulls him back in.
It's Vladimir and Estragon on that road.
Truly, truly.
After Sam dies, it turns out that the picture show can't sustain itself.
And it happens, the last picture show, the titular last picture show is happening the night before Dwayne decides to leave, decides to leave.
He's being sent to Korea.
He's being, he's been being shipped out.
And Sam willed that theater to someone who really doesn't know how to run a business and would not like to run a business.
So she's like, I'll keep it going for a few weeks, I guess.
And I just can't, I just can't.
And the last picture show they decide to show is a film called Red River, which is a John Wayne picture that was directed by John Ford.
And it is the old West incarnate, right?
This is, this is like, if, if I wanted to introduce somebody to symbolism, I would have them, I would sit them down and just watch this scene of these characters watching the old West die in front of them.
And this also like speaks to Red River is actually a Howard Hawks movie.
Howard Hawks directed it, not John Ford.
My apologies.
But it's a, it's a, I feel like John Ford is a mood.
John Ford is also like a style.
Right, right.
He is a genre onto himself.
But it's like, it's, it's a well regarded movie, but it's not a historically significant one.
It's not one that people like, oh yeah, Red River.
You know, like you can, you can say, oh yeah, the last picture show.
And people will be like, well, I haven't seen it, but I, I know what you're talking about.
I've heard of it.
Red River does not have that stature.
Right.
It's not how the West was won.
And it's not.
Yeah.
And it speaks to like how the West was won, which no one has watched because it's not very good, but we all know it.
Right.
Fistful of dollars.
That's right.
Fistful of dollars or Fort Apache, Stagecoach, The Searchers, something like that.
They're always watching these kind of minor movies or, you know, I'm seeing it on the screen or whatever.
I'm like, what the hell are they watching?
And I had to go look at, you know, at this point in 1951, Red River is like three years old.
So this also speaks to like how theaters used to work.
You didn't just have the new movie and that was it.
It was just stuff would kind of play through.
You had the one screen and they'd get whatever they could get.
This is, this would be like a secondary market.
So they're not going to see anything when it's brand new.
It's just what, what reels do we have?
Yeah.
What, what, what vibes are we feeling?
Which is really lovely because I actually think that a lot of movie theaters, like local movie theaters here in New York are also starting to do that.
Because I think they're realizing that the actual way to get people out of their houses to stop streaming movies is to like play old 35 millimeter prints of things they watched when they were younger.
Like why stay home and watch, you know, Homeward Bound on Disney Plus when you could watch it in 35 millimeter at the local Nighthawk.
You really don't understand Homeward Bound until you see it at the Nighthawk.
He's crawling up that mud pit.
He's sliding back down.
You have to be with an audience going, come on, Shadow.
That's such a tussle he gets into with the porcupines.
Such a tussle.
I know, I, I, I knew the, the little, the little kid from Homeward Bound.
He went, he went to Calvin.
Let's get him on the show.
His younger brother lived on my floor in the dorms.
Yeah.
He's also, he's like, he didn't grow very, very big at all.
He's like still kind of a short guy, which meant that he was really good up in the lighting grid and just sort of crawl around on top of it.
He, he wasn't going to be held back for football is what you're saying.
No, no.
Well, I mean, I don't know.
My brother was held back for football.
He should not have been.
That boy was so skinny.
It's like this skinny, like freckly redheaded kid who, who loves like reading and speaks clearly.
Like my brother, God, you hear him talk when he's like two years old, probably because my dad has some hearing problems.
He just, everything that he says is always so clear and well enunciated.
I'm like, that's not a kid who's going to play football.
They're like, we see that kid.
We got to give him some CTE.
We got to level him out a little bit.
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
It's also, but every football team needs at least one player who could try to talk the other side out of playing.
Right.
That's a viable strategy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
If every football game worked the way that they like did war in the Bible times where you like you, you draw a line and then you have your biggest guys come up and try to negotiate with each other.
Yeah.
It's a duel.
It's dual logic.
That works really well.
The game wouldn't happen.
It works really well until Tom Brady comes and brings a sling and shoots it across because he's a cheater.
He cheats.
Like David?
Yes.
He's a cheater.
David?
David's not a cheater.
He hits him with a rock.
He's a fucking cheap shot.
Come on.
All right.
All right.
Fair.
Fair.
Take some air out of the rock before he throws it.
So he films all their giants to see if he can learn to become giant like them.
We're going into this episode and we're thinking, hmm, how can we alienate both the South and New England at the same time with one episode?
And Brian, I think we did it.
Yeah.
I think we did it.
So the picture show's closed.
Yeah.
It's gone.
Ripped to a real one.
Dwayne drives off into the sunset, probably not to be killed in Korea.
They sort of like make amends at the end, Sonny and Dwayne.
That whole relationship is patched over.
But oh no, turns out that Billy got run over by a truck.
Yeah.
In a truly harrowing scene that destroyed me emotionally.
And it's like all the guys talking, it seems like they're all out of towners.
And they mostly just want this inconvenience to be out of the way.
Yeah.
The way they talk about Billy is like he's an animal.
He's like roadkill.
Like they just hit a deer or something.
Like I don't even know what he was doing out here.
And he says he was sweeping you sons of bitches.
And he picks him up and we watch Sonny like just move.
And the meditextual knowledge of just knowing that this is his like kid brother that he is picking up and moving to the side.
Like that really got me in a profound way.
He uses his letterman jacket to like to put over Billy's face.
And it's like oh yeah there's also just a wonderful bit of symbolism there of him literally casting off his youth.
And putting it on top of Billy.
It's a heart rending scene.
And I man this was the point where I was just like I needed to pause and take a little walk around the apartment.
It was the end.
I mean it was I mean there's a scene after it right.
Oh sure the scene with Cloris Leachman yeah.
There's a scene with Cloris Leachman where he goes back to her and needs to be taken care of because he's lost everything.
He's basically like he's the last one standing in this town.
Everyone that he's interacted with in the movie is either dead or gone.
Yeah.
And so he goes back to her and she's like fuck you.
You fucking left me.
And she throws the coffee at the wall because she asked if she wants if he wants coffee or whatever.
And then she just throws the kettle at the wall.
And I love the detail of the coffee grounds just like stay on the fridge like the entire scene.
It's just like this this I don't know it's so tactile.
And so I don't know like it wouldn't like really harp on it I think in any other movie but it just feels so lived in and so real.
And she's like I will never take care of you.
I won't help you because fuck you.
You hurt me.
And then he just kind of gives her the puppy dog eyes.
And then she like it like holds his hand and says yeah I guess I guess we'll take care of you after all.
Because he's just so fucking pathetic.
And she's deeply deeply diseased.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She is truly fucked up.
And she I mean the performance that Cora Seachman gives in this movie is so fucking good.
It's it's so heartbreaking and you really feel for this character who does truly monstrous things.
But their union together is the basis of the town right.
It's these two survivors coming together in the face of overwhelming tragedy together holding hands at the end of the picture.
And that's it.
That's the movie.
Oh I should mention there's no score in this movie which I think is really wonderful.
Everything is diegetic in the film and it's all like these this very haunting like Western music.
But it kind of feels like ghosts made it.
It also it also repeats a lot like you're just hearing the same fucking radio station playing the same music over and over and over again.
Like you are stuck with these characters in this town in the same way like the gravitational force has sucked you fully into this thing.
And I think that's the magic trick of the movie.
It is it looks back in anger in a way that a lot of coming of age films don't or refuse to engage with in quite the visceral way that this one does.
So Brian is this movie a fancy feast?
Or a failure to fancy?
Yeah it's a fancy feast.
I think it's a really good movie about America and about one of the most mythologized points in time in American history.
And it spares nothing.
And it really just makes you want to die.
So that's always a sign of a good film right there.
What about you AJ?
What kind of a movie is this feast wise?
Fancy wise?
This is a fancy feast for me man.
I think that it's not a movie I'm going to return to a lot just because it makes you feel a lot of really depressing shit.
I hate feeling.
The performances across the board in this thing are just unparalleled.
And I don't know.
It is such a singular film.
I don't think I've not seen a lot of movies granted but I don't think I've ever seen a coming of age movie that fully engages with how shitty it is to be young in quite the same way.
That comes at it not with kid gloves but with like full eyed clarity.
It is a remarkable film.
So Brian what are we doing next month?
Well so we haven't done we haven't done a Japanese movie on here yet have we?
I don't think so no.
I recommend something earlier and then I changed my mind we did Hoffman instead.
So why don't we take a look at Akira Kurosawa's Ikiru.
Not one of his period movies one of his modern day movies.
It's one that I have neglected to see.
I have seen a lot of Kurosawa movies and I've always kind of been like okay I'll watch this one next I'll watch this one next and I never get to it so this time I'm going to get to it.
Hell yeah.
It's one of Bill Hader's favorite films.
It sure is.
One of his Criterion Collection closet things was Ikiru.
So I'm so stoked.
Oh man what a joy.
Hopefully it's not a downer right?
Right?
I think it's something of a downer.
Yeah.
So from all of us here at Fancy Movie Time.
Oh god I'm Fancy AJ.
And I'm Fancy Brian.
Oh stay fancy friends.
Wait what show is this?
You are arabicus.
You are traveling.
If you have people out there.
