So pretty much all week, I have had the phrase, this is pandering like hell, just fucking lodged in there.
This was your first exposure, right? You hadn't seen this video nor any references to this video before?
No, God no.
Well, you like Dan Olson, so I don't know. You had some folding ideas about you.
Yeah, every single time I've been annoying everybody in my orbit, basically.
By like, if somebody says something, and it genuinely does not.
I'm going to go back to our Slack, and I'm going to read some of the messages we've had going back and forth recently.
Letting us into our cabinet.
Just for a little bit of context here.
The Tuwapu cabinet.
Just for a little bit of context here.
We all went to a show last night together.
Yes, we did.
Because AJ wrote a play for it, and I directed a play for it.
I was there.
You were there to support.
You were there to support.
I was the last collaborator.
If you please, I am also here.
I was the audience.
I was the most important part of it.
And after it, I got this message from AJ saying, well, I've watched that Dan Olson video, and let me tell you, it is pandering like hell.
Brian said it does do that at the end.
AJ said it does do that.
I've honestly now gotten to the point where I have no idea what pandering means.
Brian then wanted to know after the show, how did the vote go?
Yeah.
To which I said-
The vote on the show that you guys did.
Exactly.
Because there's a voting component.
There's a voting component.
Which I did as the final collaborator of the audience.
That's right.
The most important.
And I replied.
I said, the vote?
It was pandering like hell.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
Welcome to the worst of all possible worlds, the first and only podcast that remembers it so you don't have to.
I'm the worst of all possible, Brian.
I'm the worst of all possible, AJ's.
You motherfucker.
I'm the worst of all possible, Josh's.
We are back.
Isn't that a good slogan?
I think we should start doing-
Yeah, I think-
Instead of doing our joke, we should do that real thing every single episode.
Every single time.
And we are the first.
We also got to end with it, though.
That's the thing.
Okay, yeah.
It's a good slogan.
From a very good content creator.
Can you imagine if that was the end of the episode?
What's happening with Doug Walters?
I think we could really expand our brand a little bit here, too.
Like, we could start another podcast, but it's three women talking about pop culture, and we could call it the worst of all possible chicks.
Yes.
Could be big.
I feel like that would really push the discourse forward.
Yeah.
I have inflicted upon these two this week a topic that was very near and dear to a young AJ's heart.
That is-
You weren't that young.
Yeah, how young would Doug?
We're like an adult.
Shut the fuck up.
I was 17.
Yeah.
Shut up.
So, a lot of times on this show, if you are a frequent listener, we do things like our ongoing series called Wits Endless Summer, where both Brian and Josh make me endure stuff from their childhood that they are still working through the trauma of.
Yeah.
And-
I'm not traumatized by it, but yes.
Yes, yes.
That Josh is traumatized by and has only emboldened Brian.
And this week, I decided to turn about fair play and turn the tables on these two gents because we are talking about a web series that has been running since 2007.
It is still running to this day, and that is Doug and Rob Walker's Nostalgia Critic.
Yeah, so AJ, I have some questions just right up front.
Sure.
Hit me, hit me.
So, you said you started watching this when you were like 17.
I was in on the ground floor of the Nostalgia Critic.
So, how did that happen?
How did you get in on that ground floor?
I think I must have just-
You were an early investor.
You got the meme coin.
I got the-
You were the smart money.
I got the hat.
They gave me a free hat.
No, I believe just a friend of mine must have recommended it to me, must have seen, I'm pretty sure, the Batman and Robin video, and then passed that my way.
And then I went back and re-watched everything up until that point.
But yeah, I remember watching these pretty much every week as they came out.
Okay.
As we went along.
That was like me and Yahtzee.
Yes.
Yes.
That was probably it.
It was probably my introduction to Yahtzee, and then he was sort of operating in the same angry-
There's a lot of different guys with hats.
Yes.
Yahtzee, that's zero punctuation.
Zero punctuation, right?
The escapist, yeah.
A.K.A. fully ramblamatic, because he no longer has the trademark for zero punctuation.
Okay.
Interesting.
Yeah, escapist.
He's old to escapist, much like Doug Walker does not own the Nostalgia Critic.
And we'll get into that a little bit as we go along.
But yeah, what about you two?
Had you ever been christened by Santa Christ, or is this all entirely new to you?
Christened by Santa Christ?
Is this a thing you just came up with?
Is that a reference?
Or is this referencing a Doug Walker joke?
That is referencing a Doug Walker bit.
Fuck, dude.
How do you expect me to know that?
No, it's not.
This isn't for you.
Wait, wait.
I can do a reference to a Doug Walker bit.
Here we go.
I'm gonna kill myself.
And then I just have a gun.
Pew, pew, pew, pew, pew.
It is really, there are times, listeners, when it is so sad that we are not a video podcast.
Because Brian just flailed about, it was a perfect impression.
We did every face from the Numa Numa video, which is now 20 years old.
Well, this is the thing, right?
I feel like this is a deep dive into a very specific time in internet media.
Because we talk about all sorts of pop culture on this show, as you know if you've been listening
for a bit.
Everything from a fucking propaganda documentary about World War II to Skibbity Toilet.
We try to cover the full range.
And to answer your question, AJ, I did watch some Nostalgia Critic videos when I was in
college.
Oh.
And yeah, it was like, this is part of that early era.
It's not the original era of internet videos, right?
That goes all the way back to Usenet when people would share like a little tiny file over
like emails and shit.
A real media file they had to buffer for 10 years.
And a little man on a bicycle had to put it in the back of his car and ride it over the
electronic interstate.
There was that old David Sedaris essay from I Think Me Talk Pretty that he talks about
like, oh yeah, I'm just not a very modern person.
I don't really know how to use computers.
But one day my sister Amy showed me an email and it had a file in it of a man just getting
his balls absolutely stomped on.
Hell yeah.
And then I understood what the appeal of the internet was.
That's the internet, yeah.
Colbert probably showed her that first.
Probably is Colbert.
And then there was stuff like Numa Numa, which came from, people might not realize this,
it wasn't on YouTube.
It's before YouTube.
YouTube didn't exist yet.
It was on Newgrounds, which was the original portal.
It was the original like user upload to this one big platform, Web 2.0.
That was the fetus of it.
And I'm sure there are a lot of little games on there about killing fetuses or something.
Did you ever upload anything to Newgrounds, Brian?
No, I never got into that stuff.
Okay.
Because.
I didn't either.
I was just curious.
And you stopped.
They stopped allowing live action video, right?
They were like, oh, we're going to focus on flash based things.
Later on, audio and art and stuff like that.
And it's still going strong.
You know, it's still out there.
There's still probably a lot of people making interesting things.
I haven't been on Newgrounds myself in a very long time.
But Nostalgia Critic was an early YouTube thing specifically.
It started on YouTube.
It didn't make its money on YouTube initially.
And soon left YouTube pretty close.
That's where I watched it.
They always have the little like text of the website that they're on.
Yes.
But the videos that I saw, I didn't go to the website.
I was just watching straight on YouTube.
And I couldn't tell you why I started watching them.
There was this weird period where it was like one summer.
And it was a summer I was doing some summer stock theater in Whitehall, Michigan.
Yeah.
For whatever reason, something popped up on my little, you know, recommendation algorithm.
Yeah.
And I think mostly what I watched was a bunch of his reviews of Disney movies.
Yes.
Which has become a staple of his channel.
He still does like these big Disney reviews.
Not as a Nostalgia Critic, but yes.
Yeah.
And so I think I haven't gone back and watched any of those.
But I do remember like one I did revisit this time around was his Jingle All the Way review,
which for some reason that had stuck in my head at the time.
Yeah.
And so for like a few weeks there, that was like something I do like during lunch.
I'd watch a little Nostalgia Critic review.
And then I just never went back to it.
Okay.
Couldn't tell you I didn't hate it.
I guess I just didn't love it.
I don't know.
I will say for my part, it was interesting, again, being reminded of the old days of portals
and new grounds and stuff like that.
Because if you are a younger listener, you probably like weren't really around for like
the very early days of new media web 2.0.
Because nowadays everything is on YouTube or maybe it's on TikTok.
But back when this was getting started.
Or if you're artsy, Vimeo.
That's right.
Not really anymore.
Not really.
It was the case.
It's a wasteland.
But back when Nostalgia Critic was getting up and running, there were video channels
all over the place.
Yeah.
It wasn't as if YouTube was the one source.
In fact, YouTube was not even a part of Google for a really long time.
Yeah.
There was YouTube.
There was Funny or Die.
There was College Humor.
There was Fark.
Any of y'all remember Fark?
There was E-bombs World.
There was another one that was like, oh, this is the platform for men or something like,
you know, that same way that we did that stuff.
I can't remember the name of it right now.
I think I know what you're talking about.
But that was the one that licensed Off Fuck.
I can't believe you've done this.
Yeah.
Because I remember reading an article from the guy who made that video talking about like,
technically, I don't have ownership of it, but the company doesn't exist anymore.
Right, right, right.
So maybe I should be able to get money from it.
It would refer back to them.
But all my money went to them and they paid me like a flat fee back in the day.
But I guess the point that I'm trying to make here is that at this point in time, new media
was such terranova that everything was an experiment at this point.
Yeah, right.
What will people actually sit down, watch and consume on an ongoing basis?
Yeah.
Early days of YouTube was, of course, uploading old stuff that's still there.
People putting on old TV shows and things that you otherwise can't really find.
But also like, I'm a short filmmaker.
I'm going to make a five minute short film.
Right.
You know, which is an extension of like what people did on Newgrounds.
Here's my original animation from Egoraptor.
It wasn't really a place for like regularly scheduled, fully produced episodic content.
No.
And if you did want that kind of thing, it would more often be stuff like flash animations.
Like I spent a lot of time.
Stick fights.
That's right.
That's right.
I spent a lot of time back in the day on Albino Black Sheep.
That was my stomping grounds.
Oh, God.
But, you know, I never really got into stuff like the Nostalgia Critic because it just
didn't appeal to me.
I thought it kind of sucked.
Yeah.
And I was right for the record.
You wanted to watch narrative stuff.
You didn't want to watch somebody reacting to media.
Right.
And it turns out that was the future.
Yeah.
Yes.
It's how we make our living.
It turns out.
It is.
Yeah.
You can't talk about Doug Walker as every other YouTuber has figured out without starting
to get very weirdly self-reflective.
Yup.
And we'll certainly get into that in this episode because the deepest, darkest secret
in the corner of my heart is that I am the Waluigi to Doug Walker's Luigi.
Well, at least you're not the Wario because that ended weirdly.
Oh, no.
When I watched the Nostalgia Critic, the first thing I thought was I could do this.
Okay.
And the reason I watched him was that I thought he was funny.
I genuinely thought he was funny.
But also, I was just like, he is doing things, but I could probably do it better than him.
Yeah.
Did you ever try?
It's called Quest 64.
No.
Well, no, no, no.
I agree.
No.
When did you try back then?
Yeah.
No.
Because what we did was a very different thing.
That's true.
It was after years of maturity of the medium and of ourselves and of the technology that
you can use to edit something.
Yes.
Far more sophisticated than the 2008 style.
I could not figure out the editing software.
Otherwise, I would.
And then you learned it very, very fast in 2020.
Very fast.
Well, what else was happening in 2020?
You were supposed to vote!
But, you know, he was very popular back in the day, right?
The Nostalgia Critic took up a lot of the air in the conversation when it came to reacting
to things online.
Angry Video Game Nerd, I would argue, is probably more popular back then and remains, maybe not
remains as popular now.
But, like, Angry Video Game Nerd was at the top of the pyramid, right?
Yeah.
What if a guy played video games, but he was angry about it?
Oh, my God.
I used to watch...
This is really dating me.
Someone should, at least.
But, uh...
I used to watch a series that I can't remember the name of, but it was done by OneUp, right?
Oh, I remember OneUp.
Which was Electronic Gaming Monthly.
Sure.
That was back when you'd have a brand that would have a different name on the internet.
Yeah, EGM was the magazine, then OneUp.com was the website.
And OneUp did a series with Sean Baby and two other guys.
No way.
And they would react to bad video games.
They'd play, like, Shaq Fu, and they'd do it, like, Mystery Science Theater 3000 style.
Instead of the silhouettes, you'd see them as a reflection on the screen.
It's very high-minded.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And they would get mad at it.
That was the thing I remember seeing from way, way, way back then.
Wow.
On OneUp.com.
Wow.
As, like...
And I watched every single one of those.
Wow.
Yeah.
And I...
Personally, I have never liked the Angry Video Game Nerd.
I think...
You were more of a JonTron guy.
I...
And then, you know, everything happened.
And you became even more of a JonTron guy.
Yeah, no.
The minute he was like, you know what?
Mexico is trying to retake California.
I was like, yeah, no, this is my guy?
I mean...
What?
What?
San Diego must be protected.
What an insane thing to think.
Anyway, it doesn't matter.
That guy's a piece of shit.
I saw him once...
No, he's normal, I think.
I once saw him grab a bartender by the vest in a bar in Harlem and scream, debate me,
bro.
Like, he's us.
Straight up.
Just a piece of shit.
New York.
Concrete jungle where dreams were made of.
I mean, it's slander for that, because he's not going to remember because he was blackout.
But anyway...
So, I wanted to find other contemporary reviews at the time, but unfortunately, a lot of that
stuff was on forums and was lost to time.
We tried to look it up.
Tears in the rain, yeah.
And, you know, if Josh Borman can't find it, it probably isn't on the internet.
I didn't look that hard.
But still, it's hard to find.
But I did manage to find one piece of contemporary criticism that was written, I think, in 2008
or 2009, and I thought we could read it.
It's at the end of the outline here, and it is a little long, but I would hope that you
would all indulge me in this.
Brian, would you like to read the first screenshot there?
And Josh, if you would like to read the second.
Certainly.
There is a black hole at the center of the interverse.
Like the Whedonverse, only less canceled.
Where only the brave dare go.
Wait, this is from 2000s.
Yes.
So, when he's saying canceled, he means because of the fact that Joss Whedon shows are canceled
frequently.
Yes.
Not because Joss Whedon is canceled.
That is a very important point of context.
But also, it's a different...
Weirdly prophetic.
Yeah, it's a different kind of joke.
Okay, I'm going to start over again because that's really funny.
Yeah, yeah, please.
There is a black hole at the center of the interverse.
Like the Whedonverse, only less canceled.
Where only the brave dare go.
Whoa.
I mean this in the best way possible.
Black holes get a bad rap for, you know, instantly killing you, but they also lead to alternate
worlds of amazing clarity and wonder, you know, after first killing you.
Ahem.
Oh, this is so fucking Reddit.
This is so Reddit.
This is a forum.
I know.
This is free Reddit.
This is forum.
This is forum, baby.
This is what all nerd humor was basically from the point Ain't It Cool News was founded.
Mm-hmm.
This particular black hole leads to the magically twisted but amazingly satisfying mind of Doug
Walker, who is, in my opinion, the Roger Ebert of our generation.
Oh my God.
Whoa.
Now.
The thing about his mind is that it's not just satisfying, it's amazingly satisfying.
It's amazingly satisfying.
Now, I am one of those bizarre people who actually check the New York Times daily for new reviews
of movies.
That's not where Ebert writes.
He's famously a Chicago reviewer.
The Tribune, right?
Or was it the Sun Times?
It's the Sun Times.
It's the fucking Sun.
For new reviews of movies, television, and theater, mostly because my girlfriend is in
London, and it's either that or drink copious amounts of Fanta.
What?
I don't know what that means.
What does that mean?
Either I have girlfriend or I have so much Fanta.
That was the dynamic, yeah.
And while those reviews are intellectually stimulating and all, I have not once seen A.O.
Scott summon Chuck Norris from the ether to smite down all those non-believers and go
party with Mako in heaven.
Because Mako had just died, I guess.
The fucking Chuck Norris thing.
AJ, where did you find this?
No, no, no.
I'll tell you.
Okay.
And the fucking, like, remember when we were talking about the Blair Witch parodies and
how there was like the Mr. T parody universe?
Yeah.
In the 90s, it was all, on the internet, it was all Mr. T jokes.
And then it became Chuck Norris jokes.
In the 2000s, yeah.
Chuck Norris and Bacon.
Like, that was like the big thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now that is good reviewing.
Now this is pod racing.
Is it?
Anyway, it continues.
One of the many things I admire about Mr. Walker.
Ooh.
Many things.
And why he just barely edges out Hop on this list.
What is Hop?
What is Hop?
I looked it up.
It's Hey Ash, Whatcha Plan?
Oh, okay.
What is that?
So that was Ashley Birch and Anthony Birch's web series that they did way back in the day.
The voice actor?
Yes, yes.
They did a web series back in the day.
That's how they got into sort of, um, uh, into the mainstream was, was, was through this
little web show that they did with their dad.
Before they did voice acting?
Uh, yes.
Yes, it was.
Yeah.
And then Anthony Birch has a video in that where he talks about writing Borderlands 2 that
is, uh, deeply dark.
Okay.
Um, okay.
So that barely edges out Hop.
This was like a top five list of like the top five web series.
That's where I was able to find it.
So this host was originally like 10 times longer and we cut it down for length.
Yes, I sure did.
Oh boy, did I ever, Josh.
So this bet, this edges out Hop, uh, the way that it does so is the way that he manages
to handle the long form web review because these are up to 20 minutes.
Um, where Hop is amazing for its brevity.
Take a note.
The Nostalgia Critic is brilliant for its sheer epicness.
Ooh.
Each episode averages about 20 to 25 minutes.
It's a long time.
It actually is maybe at this point worth noting.
Yeah.
That on YouTube at this point, unless you had like special access, you could not upload
anything longer than 15 minutes.
Yeah.
This was a, or 10 minutes actually.
Was it 10?
So this was a grandfathered in thing.
So the very first like year and a half of, of YouTube.
Right.
But at this point they're on blip there.
This is on blip TV at this point.
Oh, so none of the 20 minute ones are on YouTube.
I don't think so until they're re-uploaded to later.
Okay.
Cause I didn't remember them being that long.
But either way, it's worth noting with this sort of quote unquote long form format.
Yeah.
In the very earliest days of YouTube, you could sign up for different kinds of accounts.
There was no charge associated with this.
So like one was the director account or the actor account.
And depending on those, there were different lengths that you could upload to up to, I think
20 minutes at the most.
Yeah.
And then they changed it.
So it was 10 minutes across the board, except for people with those old accounts.
And then, you know, they opened the gates of hell later on.
So granted to cover an hour and a half worth of movie.
Wait.
Okay.
Granted, this is weirdly written.
Granted to cover an hour and a half worth of movie.
This seems like a reasonable proposition, but most of that 20 to 25 minute runtime is
spent on the critic capital C segments, which are fully scripted.
And one of these are made a week.
In addition to the exhaustive editing process.
One of these are made.
Yeah.
Sorry.
In addition to the exhaustive editing process.
Take the note.
I know far too much about exhaustive editing processes.
This writer doesn't.
I sure know.
As well as the four other shows Mr. Walker stars in personally.
So this sentence has just gone out the window.
Yeah.
The fact that the shows are even funny seems like a minor miracle.
Oh, no.
Not a major miracle though.
No.
The fact that they are as gut bustingly hilarious as they are seems absolutely impossible.
But as is often the case with Mr. Walker.
Hmm.
The impossible seems.
Wait a minute.
Completely effortless.
Hold on.
Just getting a really weird feeling about who might have written this.
Yeah.
And that brings me to another aspect that personally draws me to the work done on that guy with the glasses dot com.
Namely that the main commodity being sold is that of nostalgia.
Be it Brad Jones doing his cinema snob routine or Spoonie being Spoonie.
Oh, that's Spoonie.
Yeah.
Nothing wrong with either of those two men.
The members.
I'll take your word for it.
I'm literally not going to look into it.
The members of Channel Awesome to which they are all contributing members tap into that very primal element that seems to appeal most to my generation.
That idea of nostalgia literally consuming our lives.
The reason for his popularity apart from being a great screen presence.
I think I know who wrote this is the fact that the nostalgia critic reexamines everything that supposedly defined our childhoods and shows us that it wasn't the television or the movies or even the commercials that made us who we are.
But it's ultimately us that made television movies and commercials what they were.
What?
What they were.
And there's something comforting in the fact and there's no one I would rather see tear down my childhood institutions than institutions than the caring hands of the nostalgia critic and his merry band of mischief makers.
Because when they are torn down, what we are left with is nothing but ourselves.
There's something truly revolutionary in that.
The best.
Quest for Camelot made me laugh so hard I literally couldn't breathe.
I'm also partial to Theodore Rex, which I've never actually seen, but the comedy shines through nevertheless.
Seriously, you won't be able to stop after those, so just enjoy the ride.
The worst.
Some of the reviewers on the website aren't as polished as the nostalgia critic, but I won't name names.
I leave it to you to figure it out for yourself.
The link, thatguywiththeglasses.com.
So Josh, when did you figure out it was me?
Wait, this was you?
This was my review of the nostalgia critic.
I was...
You didn't?
Who were you thinking it was?
Who did you think it was?
I was thinking it was Doug's brother.
No.
I was thinking...
Oh, AJ.
That's me.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
You've never seen a Joss Whedon show.
I have.
What?
I saw Firefly and Dollhouse.
I haven't seen...
Oh.
I have not seen Bob Buffy.
We've never talked about this.
No, we haven't.
You've never discussed this with me.
I'm sorry.
I'm hurt.
Oh, yeah.
Wait, what did you guess, Brian?
I didn't get...
Well, Josh just said, oh, I think I know who wrote this.
And then when he said that, I was like, oh, God, is it AJ?
Yeah, it was me.
Josh didn't realize I was...
I went in a completely different direction.
Yeah.
I thought that this was somebody connected to Channel Awesome.
Maybe even Doug himself.
I was thinking if this isn't AJ by the end, it must be someone who is currently, like,
in media who we like.
Yes.
Which I guess is true.
That would be very mean.
Yeah.
Frankly.
Can you imagine?
What did you write this for?
Like a class?
My Facebook.
Your...
Notes app.
Facebook.
That's right.
Okay.
Yep.
This wasn't a Reddit post.
This was a Facebook post of my top five favorite web series of all time.
Uh, well, um...
Getting on my computer now and doing a search.
You did a good little deflection where you were like, oh, I looked it up and Hop actually
is referencing this thing.
Yeah.
You like that?
You like that, did you?
Not particularly, no.
No, I like...
Give him...
Give him...
He's worked so hard today.
Look at this outline I made for you.
AJ, I have so many notes about this.
You became much better with, um, sentences?
Yes.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And how they work?
Yeah.
Tenses?
That's that NY...
Here's the worst part.
I was a junior in college.
That's okay.
I was getting very good grades at NYU.
Yeah.
This is an indictment of the whole system.
It really is.
To be fair, I was so depressed.
I was in Ireland studying abroad.
I had nothing else to watch.
Oh, yeah.
Which broad?
For God's sake.
You couldn't watch Netflix overseas at the time.
So all I had to watch was Nostalgia Critic.
That guy with the glasses was not limited to America.
Right.
Right?
So I mostly just watched that guy with the glasses my whole time over there.
So that guy with the glasses, .com, which shows up in the bottom...
Because, like, the earliest monetization was, like, a banner ad for Zwinky would show up,
like, at the beginning of your video.
Yeah.
And it wouldn't interrupt it.
It wouldn't do anything like that.
And I guess there might have been some people doing, like, a sponsorship where they'd stop
their video.
I can't remember anything that old doing it.
No.
So what Doug Walker did was put the name of the website just on the screen.
Yeah, permanent watermark.
And so you'd be like, okay, let's go to that guy with the glasses.
So I guess then it would monetize its banner ads on that website?
It would.
It would.
And in any sort of the ad sense, yeah.
That's the old, like, Flash model.
Was, like, you'd make a Flash game, you'd host it on your site, and then those banner ads
would get you money.
But then anyone could just grab your Flash game and throw it on their website.
Which they did.
Yeah.
And I will say that I'm not 100% sure it was Doug Walker's choice to put that guy with
the glasses on every video.
I think that was actually more a call from the higher-ups at Channel Awesome.
And I think this is as good a time as any to, like, sort of transfer into the history
of all this and what the Nostalgia Critic is and where it came from.
You know, based on that review, I think I'm actually rethinking my entire opinion.
Really?
Doug Walker.
Oh, wow.
I think he's maybe the most impressive.
The Roger Ebert of our generation.
I think maybe.
I think he might just be.
We'll get into the reasons why that's not true as we go on with this.
I love 21-year-old AJ.
He's in Ireland.
He's very drunk.
He's drinking a lot.
And he's like, you know, this may surprise you, but I read the New York Times.
I know.
What's so funny is that at the same time that you were in Ireland watching Nostalgia Critic,
I think that I was in the UK watching Moral Oral.
Wow.
You had a much better education than I did.
And you were hanging out with Sleazy Michael.
True.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Josh met a guy named Sleazy Michael.
He was really nice.
Yeah.
He was a sex worker who specialized in helping out people with disabilities.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's not so sleazy at all.
No.
No, no.
That's a very wholesome Michael.
I mean, he was sleazy.
He got nude every time.
Yeah, no, I remember you and Anne coming back from London and you both were showing me,
you know, ancient now cell phone videos of Sleazy Michael completely naked dancing at
whatever gay club he dragged you to.
Yeah, I think we were at like the Royal Vauxhall Tavern or something like that.
But a very, very sweet guy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Loved poppers.
Yeah.
Well, once you pop.
So the year is 2007 and Doug Walker is working as a janitor.
He had graduated a few years earlier from Northern Illinois University where he majored in mass
communications.
Don't you get me wrong with a minor in visual art.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
He was also an editor and a cartoonist for the school paper and his cartoons are actually
pretty well drawn.
I think he is not a terrible cartoonist.
So when drawings show up on these videos, are those all his?
They're all his.
Like the one of him crying in bed because he can't conceive a child?
I believe is his.
Okay.
Credit where credit is due.
The guy can draw.
Yeah.
He really can.
Because yeah.
And in the wall, of course, there are those little sequences where they're referencing
the animation.
They can't use any moving footage from the movie, the wall.
So they're just like these animatics that are really like deliberately crudely drawn.
Yes.
With like a bird that just says ego.
Oh, we will certainly get to that.
Oh, I think it was great.
It's very expressive.
The cloud that says my problem.
I mean that unironically.
It's just like the sloppiness of it is so pure.
Yes.
It is charming.
There is something very charming.
There's something about janitors in Chicago.
They end up being very prolific artists.
We've got Doug Walker.
Yes.
We've got Henry Darger.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
So around this time, three other gentlemen, Mike Michaud, Mike Ellis, and Bhargav Dronamaju,
who was actually Doug Walker's college roommate, were all working at Circuit City, and were
all laid off at the same time because the recession hit.
Right.
And Circuit City closed forever.
Yeah.
I remember when the Circuit City in Albuquerque closed because I was doing, I was in Allstate
Choir at the time.
I was in the New Mexico Allstate Choir.
I had made it in for the-
Okay.
You want a fucking cookie?
Well, I did it all four years of high school.
It's not a big deal.
Do you have cookies?
All four years of high school.
I see.
All four.
Yeah.
Sang at Pope Joy Hall.
No big deal.
No big deal.
I got my varsity letter in forensics.
No, it's okay, guys.
It's okay, guys.
You really don't have to give me all of these flowers.
They smell great.
But I remember because we were like, oh, Circuit City's closing.
Let's go fuck around and buy some electronics for cheap.
But they didn't sell them for cheap.
They marked everything up and then gave them fake discounts.
I remember this.
Oh, that's right.
They did the same thing at the one in Grand Rapids because they were trying to get as much
cash together as they could to pay back the creditors to whatever extent was possible.
Here's an HDTV that costs like $1,000.35 or something.
And it was like 50% off.
Now it's $1,500.
So we're like, this is all bullshit.
Let's just go back to the hotel and get ready for Allstate Choir, the concert that we have
in Pope Joy Hall tomorrow.
Brian is literally like flying his hair right now.
Listeners, please throw a cookie at Brian in the comments.
He really needs his cookies.
Hey, Brian, take this.
So these three gentlemen also thought that was bullshit because they were losing their
jobs.
It was the Great Recession.
And they were like, we are going to pivot to new media.
We would like to do something with this new fangled Internet thing.
And, you know, obviously, Bargov had gone to college with Doug Walker, shares his videos
with his two other collaborators.
And this is around the time that the first Nostalgia Critic videos are hitting the Internet.
And we actually watched the first one of these, which was about Transformers.
Yeah.
The Michael Bay Transformers.
Yes.
Which was brand new at the time.
It was the style at the time.
Yeah.
And the first thing you'll notice about this clip that we're going to play from it is that
it doesn't sound like any other Nostalgia Critic episode that exists.
No, not even the second one.
This is the shit.
So it starts off like that copter was taken down years ago.
And then they're like, get out of the copter or we'll shoot.
And then he's like, wow.
That's a Transformer, you know, it's just so cool.
And he's just like, everyone's like, and there's this kid, you know, he's trying to
get laid.
And so he buys this car.
And it's like the coolest car in the world.
It like knows how to pick up chicks.
How can a car know how to pick up chicks?
So he's driving around, he picks up this hot chick and stuff.
The car's doing like all the work.
I don't know how it does it.
And then there's this lame line, you know, there's more to you than meets the eye.
And everyone, you know, okay.
But then the car is like, wow.
And that's a Transformer too.
So this sucks.
Yeah.
But yeah, this is a grown man.
But what I'm going to say that I found really interesting about this is that it sucks in
a different way from the rest of his output.
And in its weird way, I actually found this a lot more endearing than the body of work
that he would come to be known for.
So the thing is, is that this is actually not the character of the Nostalgia Critic.
Not really.
What it is, is the character of Chester A.
Bum, a character that he would play where the conceit of it is.
Is a bum with the same name as President Chester A.
Arthur?
Correct.
Okay.
It is an unhoused person who is given a certain amount of money to go see a movie.
And every movie that this person sees is, it's the greatest movie he's ever seen in
his life.
And then by just explaining the plot of it in very earnest terms, it reveals how bad
the movie is.
But the thing is, the earnestness of it, like I said, I find it winning in a weird, again,
I don't like this.
I don't like listening to this.
I don't like watching this.
It's a nightmare.
But, but, it is like, this is somebody who I could imagine having an enjoyable conversation
with.
Let me put it that way.
This seems like it's a genuinely positive review.
Yes.
Because he doesn't come around to, it doesn't explain that the movie is bad.
This feels like classic, like, Gen X cusp, pop culture nerd guy being like, they did my
Transformers justice.
Yeah, this guy sounds like he's a fellow at the Child Mind Institute.
Yeah.
Well, and that's the thing is that as Nostalgia Critic goes along, Doug sort of has a, like,
a parallel track to it where he starts doing things out of character.
And for the most part, it follows this sort of very similar earnestness in a way that I
similarly find a lot more winning.
Yeah.
Than Nostalgia Critic, because what Nostalgia Critic ultimately is, as we see over the course
of the next few episodes, is the heel.
Yeah.
He's a wrestling character.
Because that's how he got his start.
He got his start challenging the angry video game nerd to competitions.
Oh, okay.
And, like, live.
They were in, like, events together.
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
Yes.
He would show up to events and go, nerd!
And the nerd would be like, critic!
And it would literally be like a wrestling match.
Sure.
And I would go nuts for that.
Like, it's 2008.
I'm like, I know who those guys are.
Wait, they're gonna fight.
It's like, I'm here to see my favorite guy from the internet, and holy shit, it's another
guy from the internet.
Oh, my God.
It's the Roger Ebert of our generation.
So, throughout these first couple videos, he's just experimenting.
He's trying to find the thing that the critic will eventually be, right?
He tries a top ten list at one point.
Yeah, this first episode feels more like a character than the critic does.
Yes.
I get that the critic has, like, certain hallmarks and things that he's doing, and he dresses
a certain way that's not necessarily Doug himself.
Yeah, again, it was the stuff that Brian was doing earlier.
The hooting, the hollering, the threatening to shoot himself with a gun.
But this first video is such a disciplined thing.
It's like, okay, yeah, this is obviously not a real person with totally real opinions.
This is just, like, an idea that he's putting forth, and it's kind of fictional.
But yeah, like, he had, like, the ten scariest moments in nostalgia, kind of predating the top
ten list.
The golden age of the listicle, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like, it's right around the time that Cracked is doing it, but it's in video form.
Yeah, it sort of separates it out.
It's like pre-Buzzfeed.
Yes.
And it's well before the pivot to video.
But the second video, the one that's, the cartoons all come together to keep you from
spanking weed.
Cartoon All-Stars, yeah.
Yeah, Cartoon All-Stars is very funny, because it's like, here's this thing you might remember
from your young childhood, or you might not be familiar with it, but it connects to things
you know.
And he's like, let's pop this in.
George H.W.
Bush is talking for some reason.
And then he just grabs a single clip of Theodore Chipmunk saying marijuana and plays it over
and over and over again.
And then he pulls out a gun and points it to his own head.
And you're like, yep, this is internet humor in 2008.
But he doesn't actually stick with that format either, right?
He at one point goes to a Harry Potter release book thing and just like bothers people.
He asks them joke questions.
Oh, he's doing like man on the street interview shit?
Yes.
He did it for one video.
Yeah, and never again.
Well, he asks the joke question and then cuts away.
So the question was the entire bit.
And he doesn't care about whatever answer he gets from whoever he talked to.
Because he's very bad at follow-up questions is sort of the vibe I get from it.
But he's very bad at the first question too.
Let's give credit where credit is due.
I think everyone is just like, I don't know.
I don't know what you want from me right now.
I will say this again.
I mean, you know, this is not to hand it to him, but I will say after having, you know,
done quite a few interviews and stuff for the podcast, asking good questions is not easy.
No, absolutely not.
But I mean, it's one of those things that like he went out on the street and kind of,
you can tell this from the video.
He assumed he would be fine.
Sure.
He was going to be funny enough to like carry this stuff through.
And the whole bit was that he was in character.
He was doing a Colbert thing.
Right.
Right.
And instead, everyone's just like, who is this weird guy?
Yeah, because he wasn't really anybody.
Right.
This is like his fourth video.
Yeah, it was very, very early on.
Well, shades of like Mr. Beast and his early stuff being like walking up to homeless people
and being like, here's $20,000.
Who the fuck are you?
Yeah.
Right.
Right.
But Channel Awesome sees this, right?
Sees the potential in Doug Walker and decide to go all in on him.
So Channel Awesome is not him.
It's separate people at this point.
It is.
It is those three.
It is those three founding members that I mentioned.
The Circuit City guys.
The Circuit City guys.
So these three guys acquire the Nostalgia Critic as a character.
As a property.
As a property.
It is their first IP.
And it would remain their most successful IP to date.
Okay.
This is a pretty common practice amongst most entertainment companies.
It is why when Conan went his separate ways from NBC, there had to be arbitration about
who owned the masturbating bear.
Right.
And why Conan then used the self-pleasuring panda after that.
Curse the Cowardly Dog.
Curse the Cowardly Dog.
Triumph the Insult Comic Dog.
Yes.
And so this is not an uncommon thing, but I would argue that it's pretty uncommon for
a brand new new media company run by three guys from Circuit City to have the foresight
to buy into a character IP in this way.
Well, something interesting happens when you do that also, because now you're not just
trying to like support the work of Doug as a person.
You are trying to bring the character of the Nostalgia Critic into the public eye as a
potentially franchisable IP in much the same way.
Like we talked about with Skibbity Toilet, how like Michael Bay isn't really coming on
board for the purpose of making the Skibbity Toilet videos good.
But he's in it to try to build the brand so that he'll be able to profit once it blows
up.
These are guys who are, I'm assuming the job that they're going to do, these Circuit
City guys, is going to be publicity and figuring out how to make money off of it.
Absolutely.
Particularly Mike Michaud.
There's an ongoing joke in the Not So Awesome document, which we'll cover in the second
part of this episode, where nobody knows what he does at the company.
He has no discernible job other than to give people notes and to fire people arbitrarily.
That's sort of that.
Those are the allegations inside the document itself.
Deny, defend, oppose.
Yeah, exactly.
Good Lord.
But these three Circuit City guys and the Walkers had a problem, right?
Because they kept uploading the videos to YouTube and they kept getting fucking blighted off the
face of the earth from copyright.
Yeah.
Copyright struck pretty much immediately.
So what they decided to do was make a new website.
That guy with the glasses dot com.
And again, I mentioned this earlier.
Back at this point, there wasn't just one centralized source for web video.
It was not at all uncommon that you would watch some videos over on albino black sheep and
then you'd pop over to crack for a little bit and then you'd go over to a fark foobies
where you would masturbate.
Fark foobies?
Yeah.
What is a foobie do?
Wait.
Where are you?
No, no, no.
We've got some goo foobies now.
There's so much ground left to cover.
But what is a foobie?
Yeah.
It's a...
Is it like a quibi but you fuck it?
It's...
It was the...
Like, because Fark was a portal, right?
Yeah.
But it was sort of like dig or Reddit, right?
Yeah.
But foobies was the not safe for work part of Fark.
What is...
What's a foobie?
It's a boobie that's on Fark.
Wait, like F-O-O-B-I-E?
Yes.
Fuck.
Wow.
I...
Wow.
Do you remember...
There was a...
I was actually really curious.
I was like, is it still around?
It turns out that the foobies.com domain is currently for sale.
Wow.
Oh, shit.
You're going...
We're going in on it.
We are going to be renaming our show Fubies.
It's like I remember there used to be a company that was like, oh, we're Google but just for
porn.
And it was called Booble.
Oh, yeah.
And the O's in Booble worked.
That's fine.
Now I'm going on the archive just to see if I can pull up any of that Fubies shit.
It is really funny that when you pull up the archive for Fubies, it just says, hi, Josh
Borman.
We've been waiting for you.
You are the one man alive who remembers this.
If you remember Fubies, sound off in the comments.
Oh, Josh.
I'm the only one.
I don't want to hear from you if you know what Fubies are.
Can I read some of the headlines from Fubies real quick?
Well, I don't think it matters what my answer is.
I think we're going to hear some Fubies.
Rachel is all smiles because she got to spend the day naked and in bed.
Me too.
Yeah, me too.
An all natural dark haired hottie gets naked by the sea.
Oh, well, you're going to get sand in there.
This brunette's Fubies are so big.
Other Fubies revolve around.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You cannot call them Fubies.
The Fubies is just the media.
You can't.
Oh, my God.
This is a nightmare.
This is my nightmare.
This was supposed to be your nightmare and you've made it mine.
That's what I do best.
You have no idea the things that Josh has shown me over the years, AJ.
You just don't know.
Kids in a sandbox?
No, actually.
I wouldn't say worse, but more obscure.
I know.
I know.
No, I'm talking about people with their own homemade cardboard sex dolls and shit like
that.
Yeah.
It's not good, AJ.
It's not good.
The windows and the soul.
Brian, Brian.
I wrote the Fubies on those cardboard sex dolls.
Well, they're not Fubies.
They're Kroobies.
Haven't they?
They're just me hanging with my Kroobies.
Can we move on?
Guys, I am asking.
I am asking nicely.
Can we please move on?
So they start to got to qua, which is the name of it.
Who would have such a ridiculous initialism?
Absurd.
Absolutely absurd.
And there's a lot of experiments, as I said, between that first video and what I would call
the first big poppin' hit of the Nostalgia Critic.
Some argue Street Fighter, but I think it's not quite the length yet.
He hasn't quite understood the form.
And he references Street Fighter in this video.
He sure does.
There is a callback to that one in this video.
Rello Julius saying, of course, which is a thing he still calls back to to this day.
And that would be his coverage of the film Batman and Robin, where we get his now signature
introduction.
Hello, I'm the Nostalgia Critic.
I remember it so you don't have to.
Well, guys, this is it.
The big one.
The shit stopper.
The constipation of American cinema.
A bowel blockage from which nothing of any value can possibly be removed.
What is said to be one of the worst films of all time.
I am, of course, talking about the indescribable terror that is Joel Schumacher's Batman and Robin.
Yeah, I'm glad you grabbed that because that's my one main note from this video was, quote,
the shit stopper.
I have a question for you, AJ.
Hit me.
And I have no way to ask this without sounding incredibly mean.
Okay.
Why did you like this?
I think it was...
He wasn't the only one.
I liked it, too.
Okay.
I'm asking both of you motherfuckers.
What was wrong with you?
He stuck it to him.
He stuck it to him, Josh.
Batman was supposed to be grim and dark, and that movie was so silly.
No, but seriously.
He took what we were feeling on the web forums, and he made it into media.
He gave a voice to the voiceless.
He was incredibly silly and incredibly full of energy.
I liked his energy.
I liked that he was able to carry it through.
It's actually not very apparent in Batman and Robin.
I think it's a lot more apparent as he goes on.
Yeah.
He doesn't quite have the thing yet.
He hasn't quite figured it out, but this is the first stab where he actually, I think,
gets the shape of it pretty close.
And he's still aping the angry video game nerd because the shit stopper.
Yes.
All that stuff.
All that profanity.
You fuck nugget.
You shit.
Oh, you shitty asshole coming in here with your greasy butt.
Yeah.
Rubbing it all over my nose.
Like, it's...
Is that how he talks?
I have no idea.
Do people...
AVGN sounds like that for sure.
Aren't you a guy who likes AVGN, Josh?
God, no.
Oh, okay.
Where did you get that idea?
Well, just the way you present yourself.
Wow.
I am going to kill you.
That might be the meanest thing you've ever said to Josh.
I'm bigger than you.
That is true.
He is.
But I'm scrappy.
The tallest boy.
And so that's still very much part of it because at this time he is trying to bait the angry video game nerd into fighting him.
And it's a gambit that works because, right, people then...
Do they...
I mean, because they do a number of these things together.
Yes.
Do they hate each other?
Yeah.
What's their relationship?
Or do they actually...
No, I think they're fine.
I mean, he...
The critic gets...
Is this like just a begrudging thing that they did is what I mean?
I think that Doug Walker was relentless in the bullying and AVGN was just like, I think his videos are funny.
And then Doug Walker's like, oh, I know what the secret message is in here.
And then he did a bit where it implied that the nerd insulted him.
And then it like the nerd finally like got that it was like a bit and then committed to it.
And then they became each other's like face versus heel.
Okay.
So they both sort of mutually bought into the cave fave because it was mutually beneficial.
It was.
It was.
I think it was more beneficial to Doug Walker.
But I think AVGN just really loved the nostalgia critic.
Well, it also...
Genuinely.
It also helps that they are...
They really have separate domains, right?
Yes.
Like their remit is...
Games and movies, yeah.
Different.
Yes.
But playing to the same nerd culture.
Absolutely.
Yes.
And I think, you know, just the knowledge that the internet was big at the time.
And like, there could be more than one of us that exists in the space, which would go on to be the ethos of Channel Awesome, right?
Let's just bring everybody under one roof and then take all their ad money and then pay them out less than they're worth.
So we get a sense of how Walker, the Walker brothers sort of introduced context here.
And I pulled this clip because I just want you all to hear how they talk about movies.
Sure.
The first Batman film was released in 1989 under the direction of then newcomer Tim Burton.
It was edgy, dark, and made just as much for adults as it was for children.
In fact, it was made more for adults and continues to be the highest grossing Batman movie to date.
The second film, Batman Returns, was also very edgy and dark, but maybe a little too dark.
A lot of people didn't gravitate towards the often disgusting Penguin or the exceptionally depressing storyline.
While the first Batman ended on a triumphant note, Batman Returns ending was more bittersweet and left a lot of people feeling kind of empty.
This is an odd note because Batman Returns is a more like silly movie than the first Batman.
Yes.
I guess I see what he's coming at with.
It's more grotesque and like there's a lot of like ooze and shit in it.
And the Penguin's death is pretty like the Penguin's carrying him off.
But it's so silly.
They're like wind up toys basically.
Like Dragon that to sea.
Also, you don't cast Danny DeVito in a movie that's like fully grim, dark, serious.
You know what I'm saying?
He's great.
I think he's great in that movie too.
But it's one of those things that like you start to see the generalities, right?
It left a lot of people feeling empty.
Right.
And it's like, what people?
Right.
What are you talking about?
Like it's you, right?
It is you that felt this way.
Which is weird.
I don't think he did.
I think what he's actually saying about Batman Returns is other people.
The people who don't like me or my kind.
But either way you need to clarify that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because otherwise what are you doing?
These are the exact same kind of hand waving generalities that are used in, and this is
a completely different context, but like in the news media, when you're trying to like
editorialize in a news article.
Yeah.
Some say that Donald Trump is becoming more receptive to the needs of Americans and also
more nude.
This Donald Trump lay in bed and is all smiles because he was naked all day.
Truebies?
Truebies?
Truebies?
Oh no!
Oh no!
But the thing that most people remember from this video isn't the analysis, right?
It's the bit about the bat credit card.
Meanwhile, the Batman who used to hide from the limelight and steal any hidden photographs
taken of him is now making public appearances at a sexist auction where men bid on good-looking
women to take out on a date.
It is sexist.
While there, they come across the seductive Poison Ivy, who blows a hypnotizing perfume
that makes men bow to her every will.
And as you sadly might have guessed, Batman and Robin actually start bidding on her.
One million dollars.
Two million.
Three million.
Four million.
Seven million.
Never leave the cave without him.
A bat credit card?
They gave him a bat credit card?
They had the balls to give one of the greatest superheroes of all time a bat credit card?
No!
No!
Does not compute!
Does not compute!
Does not compute!
I can't die!
A doctor comes in.
I apologize for that outrage.
It was childish and immature.
Outburst.
I just get a little peeved when I see one of my childhood icons carrying a bat credit card,
you bastards!
I'll kill you!
I'll kill all of you!
All of you will die!
You'll get the gas!
Doctor comes in again.
Rape my childhood, will you?
Don't hold die!
You'll do it!
I'll die!
Get over it!
They targeted gamers.
Gamers!
We're a group of people who will sit for hours, days, even weeks on end performing some of
the hardest, most mentally demanding tasks.
Over and over and over.
All for nothing more than a little digital token saying we did.
One.
Okay, so he said, sorry for that little outrage.
Men outburst.
And he also refers to Poison Ivy's poison as getting men to submit to her every will.
Not to submit to her will or to her every whim.
Right.
But her every will.
I just needed to talk about it.
They make me insane.
Yeah, no one.
Her every will?
Rape my childhood, will you?
What are we doing?
Yeah, no one here ever confuses words.
No one who was a big fan of Doug.
Big fan of Doug Walker.
Like, him saying rape my childhood.
Yes.
Wouldn't have even gotten a blink back then.
Absolutely not.
Because that was the phrase.
That was how you talked.
That was the term you used.
That's right.
It was like, oh yeah.
That's right.
Yeah, this Transformers movie, because, you know, they had one of the Transformers make
pee pee on John Turturro.
That raped my childhood.
It's really, I'm glad that this is, at least for the time being, not the way that people
talk, but I'm also.
Yeah, give it three months and then it's back.
That's the thing.
I'm worried that we're going back there because this was rough.
This was a rough time.
Yeah.
Yes, it really was.
It was for comedy and for everything.
But, you know, it is interesting that, like, what I remembered about it was the back credit
card.
Getting mad at the back credit card.
And that's, I mean, I hadn't seen this video.
People do all kinds of things with that audio.
I have seen and heard the back credit card thing over and over and over again by people
making fun of it because it's a perfect example of this style of thing.
Yeah.
I didn't know until I spent, so I used to spend a lot of time on the IMDB message boards,
which don't exist anymore.
You've mentioned this, yes.
And one of the things I found out, because this was around the time that The Dark Knight
was coming out.
One of the things I found out was, like, the sort of mainstream online nerd opinion was
that the worst Batman, aside from the Joel Schumacher movies, was the thing that the
Joel Schumacher movies were trying to impersonate, which was the TV show.
The TV show?
The TV show?
The Batman.
Yeah, the TV show.
And that's the best Batman.
It's never been better.
Some days you just can't get rid of a bomb.
Yeah.
It's very funny.
Yeah, like, people want Batman, especially in the 90s, you had the Batman cartoon.
You had the Tim Burton movies.
And so it was like, Batman has to be serious because he means so much to me.
And not like, no, no, no, Batman's a big fucking cornball.
And we want, like, Frank Gorshin being the best Riddler that has ever existed.
But what I think is interesting is that I don't buy that this is Doug Walker's own genuine
opinion.
No, and I don't think he does have his own genuine opinion.
What I'm saying.
I was watching one of the most recent Nostalgia Critic videos.
Yes.
And he's making fun of Meet the Spartans.
Meet the Spartans has a gag about Britney Spears shaving her head because it was around that
time.
Right.
Again, it was a cruel, cruel time in American pop culture.
And so he shows that clip and he pauses for a second and he says, I actually don't
know what our opinion on Britney Spears is right now.
So I'm going to leave that one alone, which was actually a funny line.
That's very self-aware of him.
And two, I don't know what our opinion is on Britney Spears.
Yeah.
Right.
It's not.
He doesn't have a take.
Right.
It's all of us.
He's aggregating what the internet people say.
Right.
Yeah.
And also the people that he as a character is representing.
Yeah.
Right.
This is still the back credit card.
As you said, I don't think that's necessarily him.
It's him playing into this guy who would get mad about this.
But the problem is that he also believes a lot of the stuff he's saying.
Yeah.
Just not to that extent.
Or if he doesn't, at least the audience does.
It's this thing of like he's playing the heel, I guess.
Yeah.
But he's also an audience stand in at the same time.
Because he doesn't have the courage to be the full heel.
Yeah.
He has to also be beloved.
Right.
And we see that a lot more as the Nostalgia Critic character develops over time.
Yeah.
It's like this is the first time where you can engage in nerd culture as a community at home.
Right.
You can get online and find out what the other nerds think about each individual Batman movie.
Whereas previously that was like you'd have to go to a convention for that most of the time.
Like maybe.
Or you could go down to the LAN cafe and see what the kids are up to.
Especially if you're like a small town nerd.
If you're in a big city, maybe you can be in a lonely world.
Kevin Smith and hang out with your friends who also have opinions on like how many times Spider-Man has had sex with Aunt May.
Right.
But yeah, if you're from fucking, I don't know, Sioux City, Iowa.
Yeah.
You probably don't even have a LAN cafe.
And so when you, your main windows into this is maybe being able to get onto a forum or see a YouTube video.
Or in my case, it was like watching G4 and being like, oh, wow.
Yeah.
People really don't like the Joel Schumacher Batman movies that I haven't seen.
Okay.
That's a big major like, um, I know culture of nerds.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like, that's my easy joke.
Oh yeah.
It's like the Joel Schumacher Batman.
They put nipples on that thing.
Yeah.
Nip to on that thing.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
That there was no two in there.
There was no awk sound.
There was nothing.
There was nothing there, Josh.
Put some foobies on that thing.
That's right, AJ.
I, I, I got rugged on foobie, by the way.
I lost like $30,000 on foobie coin.
No.
Foobie coin.
No.
You laid in bed nude and you were not all smiles.
All frowns, really.
All frowns.
I was nude because I couldn't afford clothes anymore.
I don't know why I said that like Frasier.
All frowns, nude in bed.
So between.
She was nude in bed.
She was nude in bed, Jerry.
So between the release of Batman and Robin.
But that translates to nude in bed.
Yes.
That's.
What other 90s sitcom can I do?
Debra.
She was nude in bed.
So nude in bed, Debra.
So between the release of Batman and Robin and this next video that we'll be talking about,
the quest for Camelot video, it is reported by the Chicago Tribune that Channel Awesome
has started bringing in $150,000 a year to the point where Mike Ellis, Mushad, and Rocker
could all start taking salaries.
They begin to take other video essayists on to the website in order to increase their ad
traffic and sales.
But the main draw remains the nostalgia critic.
And I chose this episode, Quest for Camelot, that comes out on March 2nd, 2010, which is
two years after the Batman and Robin video, because this to me is the nostalgia critic
pumping on all cylinders.
God.
Hello, I'm the nostalgia critic.
I remember it so you don't have to.
Say.
Have you ever wanted to see Carrie Elwais, Gary Oldman, Urkel, Gabriel Byrne, Pierce Brosnan,
Balki from Perfect Strangers, Jane Seymour, that chick from Heroes, Don Rickles, and Eric
Eidel in the movie together?
Yeah.
No, nobody wants to see that.
They did.
In this fucking piece of shit called Quest for Camelot.
So you can already hear in this intro just how more confident he is in the delivery and
also how much more confident he is in the editing of it too, right?
The big burst for Quest for Camelot comes right when it needs to at the end of his delivery.
It is the nostalgia critic as a finished product.
Well, it's interesting too.
I mean, again, we will be spending, I think, quite a bit of this episode, especially in
the second half, talking about how this kind of thing relates to what it is that we do with
our show.
Yes.
But I have a very similar, like going back and watching those earlier nostalgia critic videos
for me feels somewhat like going back and listening to our early episodes.
Because those first like 10 or 20 episodes, we hadn't really figured out the show yet.
No.
Like we were, we were definitely, we knew what we wanted to do.
And the thing is there, but there was something about like having to have a process through
which we refine the thing to get to the point that it's at now.
And this is not to say that I think that our show is as good as his show.
No.
How could it?
No, no, nothing good.
He's the Roger Ebert.
Exactly.
Of our generation.
He's still doing, you talked about, this is 2010.
Yeah.
Yes.
It looks exactly the same as a video from 2008.
Yeah.
Yes.
Like it's still not properly white balanced or even just lit with anything elaborate.
No.
It's all on board sound.
He doesn't have like a lavalier or like a shotgun mic or anything.
Nothing.
You can get like the, you can hear the tape rolling through the camera.
Yeah.
You can hear the room.
Like it's so interesting.
And it stays like this.
It stays like this for years after.
It feels like it's frozen in amber.
Yeah.
Yes.
Because it kind of looks like it's frozen in amber.
You've got to use the white balance button.
Well, yeah, because he learned how to do a thing.
It succeeded.
And he has to do it every single week.
Right.
He has to do it every single week.
And also he tried to do something else and it failed and he got scared.
We'll get there.
Okay.
But for now, let's, let's just do a couple of quick things from this quest for Camelot
video that because a lot of people talk about nostalgia critics, the wall as if it's some
anomaly that came out of nothing.
And I'm here to tell you that everything that is in that video, Doug Walker's magnum opus
is present in his earlier stuff.
And Quest for Camelot shows one of those stepping stones, which is, um, well, Doug introduces
a running bit in this movie about how it refuses to explain what's happening in any given number.
And this is where a musical number happens in an enchanted forest where the plants magically
come to life.
I'm sorry.
This just really irritates me.
Why do the plants fucking move?
You're not writing Lord of the Rings.
You can't just make up your own theology.
This one already exists.
Theology?
If you're going to have plants move, you have to have a reason for it.
Explain, movie.
Explain.
No, you don't.
No, you don't.
I watched Quest for Camelot for the first time for this episode.
It's a perfectly serviceable film.
There's not, there's not much that makes it amazing.
Some of the songs are wretched.
That opening song, unfortunately slaps.
It's really hard.
It's really good.
Because I'm a sucker for that Celtic shit.
Yeah.
But I like the villain song, which is just like, we've all just had it too good for too
long.
What if everything was bad?
What if we just all were unhappy?
I'm like, that's not a moment.
What if a chicken was also an axe?
I throw them in a pit and it goes poof.
The other thing is that, you know, looking at this, because you're not seeing what's
going on here, obviously, listener.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The, I don't know, plants moving around.
That's not the things that look weird about the sequence.
No.
It kind of, it's the whole thing is a fantasy world.
We've seen fantasy things happen and stuff.
So it's like, okay, yeah.
So here there's, there's creatures, there's ghoulies, there's a griffin.
But there are things that do jump out, even in the clipped bit as weird with the animation,
with the way that they just kind of start singing and not in a motivated way.
Like there are real issues with this movie.
Because the songs aren't really book songs so much as like pop songs.
And there's a ton of them.
They hadn't gotten Flaherty and Aaron's yet to write their music over at Fox.
Yeah, no, they sure hadn't.
And here's the thing.
The nostalgia critic agrees with you.
And has this to say, after a number involving a two-headed dragon doing like a Robin Williams
genie-esque number?
You don't need him, honey.
So what?
We're just going to move forward like nothing happened?
Those two dragons just sung a three-minute song and you're not even going to acknowledge it?
These songs have no purpose.
They're like drive-by musicals.
If you want to have singing, fine.
But make sure they have a point.
Or are, you know, fucking entertaining.
Yeah, Doug.
Musical numbers should be fucking entertaining, huh, bud?
I mean, ideally, yeah.
Again, Quest for Camelot just isn't worth getting this worked up about.
I mean, he's making money off of getting worked up about it.
Right, right, right.
That's worth it.
But that's the thing is that that actually is the sweet spot for me of Nostalgia Critic.
That is the, like, I feel.
Taking something that's perfectly middle of the road and saying this is the worst thing
ever.
I'm going to kill myself.
Yes, that's the fucking bit.
The other thing.
That's the bit that works for me.
The thing about it, too, though, was I was talking when I was at the show last night.
I was talking with a friend of the show, Ben Schrager.
Yes.
Hi, Ben.
Hi, Ben.
I know you're listening to this right now.
Who made, I think, the really good point that, like, the reality of the situation is
that you're only going to have maybe 10, like, movies or even things that you really feel
this amount of passionate hatred for.
Right.
And after that, you just kind of have to milk it.
Yeah.
And so it's you kind of get diminishing returns if you're just sort of being performatively
angry about stuff that you don't actually have the hate for, you know?
Right.
Right.
He's good at performing the hate, at least in his early days.
There is still a passion for it.
Which I think is like, I feel like the videos that I watch, the ones about Disney movies are
ones that he's not super negative about.
Maybe he'll have a moment that he's mad at.
Again, I didn't rewatch those, you know, so I'm talking from like 15 years or 14 years
removed.
Yeah, mostly they're celebratory, the Disney-cember ones.
Yeah.
And so for the most part, like, what is the critic when he's enthusiastic?
And it's not what he did for the Transformers videos.
He put that into a different character.
Yeah.
So he has to be mad.
He has to get mad at things.
He has to want to kill himself.
He wants to look at things that are, that are like really shitty.
And it's something that we, we've dabbled in, like the idea of how are we going to
go into this thing that we talk about?
And mostly we talk for three hours about it.
You don't have a choice but to just try to be honest about the way that you portray
something.
Yes.
But every once in a while, yeah, I'm not necessarily as mad at the property as I pretend to be.
Yeah.
People are always surprised that I'm mad at the Minions movie thing.
But the thing is, they were very disrespectful to the victims of the Challengers.
No, they weren't!
I was totally on board with that movie until that point.
And then it soured the entire experience.
Yeah, no, I mean, they...
Well, I have some good news for you, Brian.
They weren't.
They weren't disrespectful because it wasn't the Challenger!
Once again, AJ is a revisionist.
And it's fine.
I mean, we'll allow it this time.
Thank you.
It is my episode.
But like, you know, like this is, this is a good point.
Like, this is an example of how you lean into a bit.
We're doing it right now.
We talked about it with Skippity Toilet.
We were like, are we going to come in?
We were like, AJ is just screaming the whole time.
And I had an idea of like, just sometimes being extremely pro-Skippity Toilet and sometimes
being extremely anti-Skippity Toilet.
But then the conversation just ended up being about not our feelings about it, but about
what it is.
Right, right.
Which is, I think...
And then it just became a different thing.
But that's also what criticism is, right?
Like, if you want to be an honest-to-goodness critic, at some point, it has to move away from
what are, you know, the performative aspects of the emotional reaction and toward what
is the thing and how does that thing strike you given the broader context that it finds
itself in.
That, of course, is if you care.
But I think my opinion, and I don't know if you'll agree with me on this one, AJ, but
it's just my big take.
I don't think he cares.
I don't think he actually cares about the media he reviews.
I don't think he has room to care.
With limited exceptions.
Yes.
And that's what I'm going to say, is that, and I think that also lends itself very much
into the wall.
Yeah.
Right?
And is built another brick in the Doug Walker wall.
In the Doug Walker.
Oh!
Let's go!
Is that I don't, I think this was a persona he put on.
Yeah.
To sort of channel a lot of the weird rage he was feeling, but then didn't commit to it
or just ran out of stuff.
Yeah.
I mean, I think he's just a nice boy from the Midwest who does his job.
And it was very easy to hand this thing over to producers who were like, okay, here's
what you're going to do.
Here are the rules.
Just keep doing that.
And he's like, okay, I'm going to hit the things.
There's still the frustrated filmmaker in there.
There's the guy who wants to go on and make bigger things.
And so then he, just like James Rolfe, he attempts to.
Yes.
He succeeds.
They get made.
Yes.
They are made.
And then you watch it and you're like, oh, well.
It doesn't succeed artistically.
But yes.
It's a little bit of an opposite trajectory than like what we had where we were making
stuff first and then coming into criticism after our immense failures.
Actually, after our fantastic successes, which just don't make you any money because they're
in theater.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's right.
That's the thing.
Right.
Yeah.
So at this point.
Yes.
Before he's like making the movies and everything or on the way to making those movies, there's
now just an army of people working for Channel Awesome.
Correct.
Correct.
And what they would do with this army of people is mostly not promote them and promote mostly
the Doug stuff and leave them to sort of wallow.
I know of now who I didn't know a existed back then, but I especially didn't know were
part of that network like Todd in the shadows.
Yes.
Or Kyle Caldrin.
I had no idea.
But something that I find interesting about it is that ultimately it seems to me that
with Channel Awesome, like, yes, there were these side projects and other people working
for the network to the extent that it can be described as that.
Yes.
Which I would say it kind of can't.
It was just like a link was put up and the video was hosted on the website.
Yeah.
It was all back to the Nostalgia Critic and the fandom.
I think the design of the thing was to roll everybody back to Doug eventually.
He was literally on the masthead.
It was his face and like the Looney Tunes cartoon.
He's the guy with the glasses.
Yeah.
The titular one.
And I mean, lots of fans were really into it.
I mean, I'm just seeing here a post from July 4, 2011 by AJ Diddy.
Yes.
Who says in Naperville, this is on Facebook, by the way, in Naperville, on the lookout
for the Nostalgia Critic.
You fucking asshole.
If I find him, I cannot be held responsible for the tongue tied babbling that will no doubt
ensue.
I was such a little shit.
Uh, yeah.
No.
Because then you did meet a bunch of people from Channel Awesome.
But not Doug.
And you did not have a positive experience with them.
Weird.
Not quite as bad as John Jafari.
No, no, no.
It was not.
I want to be very clear.
They were all very kind.
It was just everyone was very drunk.
One.
One was perhaps too kind.
I'll cut it.
Cut it.
AJ got bit.
Fuck you.
I lay in bed all smiles.
So they have all of these critics, right?
They have this massive army of critics.
So what to do with those?
Well, back in the day, the thing that would get your numbers up, a guaranteed boost to your
numbers was to do collaborations.
And Doug Walker was not a creator because he was constantly making his stuff that would
do a lot of collaborations outside of Nostalgia Critic videos.
He would bring other people into his.
But him guesting on yours was a more rare thing.
Okay.
So to counteract this, what they decided to do was year anniversary specials.
The first one.
Okay.
Okay.
They were going to do it every single year that there was going to be that guy with
the glasses, theoretically.
And the first one was a big brawl where they all just got together and fisticuffed each
other.
And it was one of those super smash brothers.
Pretty much brawl, but like in the fight in Anchorman.
Yes, exactly.
That is exactly what it is.
Okay.
A lot, a rumble where they all just punch each other.
It gets increasingly whatever.
It's a short video, but it's like, it's like, Oh, like you said, all of my internet people
are together in one place.
And these are people living in different places.
They would have to fly them in.
I wonder, I wonder if those expenses were covered or not.
The flights apparently were.
Okay.
Maybe not for the first year, but certainly every subsequent year.
I mean, for the first year I could understand everyone just being like, hell yeah, I'm going
to buy a ticket and hang out with everybody.
I think they were at a con specifically.
So that was also an added incentive that like you could go there and get signatures.
Yeah.
That way.
I really liked the idea of doing this for the podcast because it's so much harder to
tell people apart just by voice.
It's like, yeah, you know, we're all hooting and hollering.
It's like, wait, was that, was that Josh?
Was that Riley Quinn?
Was that Joe Kasabian?
Was that Nate Mathia?
Yeah.
I'm not sure.
Yeah.
Because you do have a vaguely Canadian accent sometimes, Josh.
That's the fucking Michigan promise.
I don't know what to tell you.
It's not like I talk about things that often, but sometimes I do.
Meanwhile, I have no coherent accent whatsoever.
I have a very thick San Diego accent is what I'll say.
Like the most San Diego you could ever say.
But like I just pick different little sounds up from everywhere else and then they just incorporate
into my speech.
Basically what they did for that first year.
They did this big rumble, big brouhaha.
Second year, they decide to make a feature film called Kickassia.
Okay.
Kickassia is the first one.
That is the second anniversary, but the first film in the trilogy.
And it's not just feature length.
This is like long, right?
It is 90 minutes long.
Okay.
But it is done in increments of like 10 minutes.
Do you have any sense of like what the budget was for this or anything?
Probably negative $4.
Okay.
Basically, they flew everybody out.
Yeah, that's what it looks like.
They flew everybody out to a micronation in Nevada.
Oh, they actually went to a micronation.
I know it was about a micronation.
I didn't know they, I know what place you're talking about too.
Okay.
The ruler of the micronation plays himself.
Hmm.
And Doug Walker, as the nostalgia critic, takes over this micronation along with all the critics
and then establishes a government within it.
That's sort of the loose plot of it.
He's dressed as M. Bison from Street Fighter.
Of course.
Street Fighter.
That's what that poster, okay, I understand.
Yes, yes, yes.
This sounds really bad.
It's very bad.
And you have to know the lore.
Sure.
Right?
This is all fan service.
And you have to know the Lord too.
In the not so awesome.
Yeah, it's very Christian.
He says the Lord's Prayer at the end.
In the not so awesome document, they talk about how the filmmakers themselves, the Walker
brothers, had to be told that there needed to be water on set.
Right.
Because they're in the middle of Nevada.
In the middle of the goddamn desert.
Oh, yeah.
In latex, running and doing battles in the desert.
Yeah, water's going to be a lot of your budget.
One, you want to, as someone who has done a lot of film shoots out in the desert, you
need to have a truck that sprays water on the dirt so it doesn't get into everybody's eyeballs.
Because the dust is too much.
Yeah.
NBC fucking MacGruber streaming series.
Because you didn't do that when you had us at the prison.
You got all that money.
You had the truck.
You got all that money from the masturbating bear.
And you wasted it, NBC.
You wasted it.
So.
Will Forte was very nice.
Very nice.
He seems like a nice guy.
Yeah, class act.
So, Kickassia is a success.
Yeah.
It brings in.
So, what does success mean in this capacity?
Genuine questions.
It brought in a lot of eyeballs.
Okay.
So, you said 10 minute increments.
Is this.
Does that mean it's uploading in 10 minute increments?
Yes.
I think it was weekly.
People are watching it episodically on Channel Awesome.
Yes.
On YouTube.
Yes.
And this is basically converting.
Like, new people are coming in.
And this is converting them to be paid subscribers or whatever.
It is not new people coming in.
Just ad revenue.
It is just the people who had been watching it before.
Yeah.
All coming back at once because it's all of their people hanging out in one spot.
Their monetization model was mostly ad based, but they also had a Patreon, right?
No.
They had an Indiegogo and we'll get to that in a little bit.
That comes post all the movies.
And of course, Indiegogo is not a subscription platform.
Right.
It's a one time donation.
It is a one time.
It's like Kickstarter.
Yeah.
So, that was Kickassia.
Then we move on to Suburban Nights, which was their like fantasy riff that is shot just
around Naperville in like parks and things.
That makes a lot more sense.
Yes.
Than going to Nevada.
I mean, again, for people who are not familiar with the various deserts and desert-esque climates
of the United States.
Sure.
Nevada, you might as well be in the Sahara.
Yeah.
Like, that is the driest, most desolate place in this entire continent.
That's why they did all the fucking like nuclear tests and shit there.
Yeah.
That in New Mexico.
Yeah.
But I think that because they shot it there, that's why Suburban Nights is in Naperville
because they're like, at least we know the area.
Right.
The problem is Naperville rains all the fucking time.
Oh, yeah.
If you're shooting outdoors in the spring, things get flooded.
They didn't have permits.
They were just kind of shooting in parks.
But how do you not know about the lake effect when you're fucking from there?
That's insane.
Because I don't know.
You don't necessarily think about that.
Like, the rigors of a shooting schedule are so nuts.
Yeah.
Even though they've shot before.
Yeah.
But like, you know, you think, you know, New York doesn't rain all that much these days
and everything sets on fire now because of it.
Right.
And then you're like, well, yeah, but how many days in a row can you consistently assume
it's not going to rain?
Yeah.
Or like, what time of year does it rain the least and things like, like, it becomes very
complicated.
Yes.
And yeah.
But that was not the mentality.
These are not professionals putting something together.
Yeah, no.
The mentality was, we'll go in and we'll fix it later.
Yeah.
We're just going to like throw our whole, our whole walk-a season.
I'm sorry.
Doug Woobies?
Yes.
Yeah.
They put their whole Doug Woobies into it.
Doug Woobie?
Doug Woobie?
Doug Woobie loves those Woobies.
I need you both to stop.
Oh, no.
So, Suburban Nights happens and turns out it actually has some character development for
the critic.
I guess he loses his best friend Mati, who is played by Bargov, who is one of the three
founders of Channel Awesome itself.
Bargov would then slowly make his way away from the company and distance himself after
this.
And so Mati is, I'm assuming, a recurring character that was appearing in Nostalgia Critic videos
before this.
Okay.
Because Mati is the name of the Indian character in Captain Planet.
He is Heart.
Right.
Okay.
And so that was sort of his character that he played on it.
They killed off Mati so he could leave the company.
Anyway.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
We move on to their third anniversary to boldly flee a three and a half hour movie that
might be the worst film ever made.
Yeah.
Is it a Star Trek parody?
It is.
The title is Star Trek.
It is a sci-fi parody full stop.
It's like the disaster movie kind of mentality.
So he doesn't like disaster movie.
I know.
I know, but he made one.
He sure made one because Spoonie plays like the John Travolta's character in Battlefield.
Yeah.
That guy, he's just, he's just Spoonie.
Yeah, he sure is.
That's all I know about him.
That's nothing to unpack about Spoonie.
AJ's just like, oh yeah, Spoonie, all the dark secrets.
And Josh and I are like, okay.
Don't look into it.
Again, a very, a very unwell person who then like worked on himself and I'm sure is fine
now and it's gone from the internet.
Were these also, these other films where they also released in this like 10 minute
increment cycle?
Because this is a time where you could just upload full length things onto YouTube at
this point.
Yes.
Yes.
I think they were released in a little bit longer implement increments, but they were
okay.
They were more than 10 minutes because this was again, a three and a half hour film.
But they're basically, it's basically a series that also kind of then Voltrons together
at the end.
In the worst way you could imagine.
No, no.
It would just kind of arbitrarily end every once.
Like it seems, and then that would just be the end of the part and you'd go on to the
next part.
Sure.
I watched all of these in real time.
I watched as to boldly flee was released in increments and just went the whole time
being like, no, no, no, no, no, no.
We have to stop.
Like just end this, just end this.
And to boldly flee turns out it ends with the death of the nostalgia critic.
The problem is they didn't tell any of the other critics that this was happening.
What do you mean?
So the entire revenue of the website.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
Was based around the nostalgia critic.
Right.
People went to the website to watch nostalgia critic.
And while they were there, they would watch other critics and get invested that way.
Right.
Doug Walker decides after four years of doing this that he's done.
And doesn't tell anybody and tells none of the critics ahead of time.
They had to find out while they were shooting that he was ending it.
And the end of to boldly flee implies that they are all also quitting to that.
Why would you do that?
Sloppy.
Genuinely.
Why would you know?
I think Josh, you put it best when there's just a solipsism about it.
And I think it was just them not thinking about the ramifications of their actions.
I think that there was a lot of burnout because they were putting out so many videos so frequently.
I don't think that there was much thought put into any of this.
A lot of the stuff in the not so awesome document.
There are some allegations in there that are very purposeful and very malicious.
A lot of this just seems to be gross incompetence on every single level.
So like, is this a bad time for me to raise the fact that at the end of this episode, I will be killing both of you and then myself?
That's pretty good.
I'll get a little bit of preparation.
Okay, cool.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
Well, because now we know.
We can make peace with it.
Oh, sure, sure.
We haven't.
Oh, God.
Please don't let the last thing that I talk about be nostalgia critics the wall.
You can't fucking do that to me.
We said we were going to get to the second half.
No!
So the nostalgia critic is dead.
I am taking my time because I'm scared Josh will kill me if I wrap up this half.
So the nostalgia critic is dead.
What do we do?
Yeah.
What do we do now?
Dead to begin with.
Deader than a doornail.
Deader than a doornail.
Perhaps three ghosts could come visit him.
Show him the error of his ways.
Many things could potentially happen.
But AJ, ready or not?
Here I come, motherfucker.
No!
Well, hey there, mid-2000s internet hatter.
You know what time it is.
Oh, yeah.
You just got home from school and your parents aren't getting home for another two to three
hours because they have that big case coming up.
You know the one with the litigation.
Litigation, baby.
You sneak into the family computer room where you often look up facts about the Ottoman Empire.
But those aren't the facts you're looking up today.
Oh, no.
Today, you're looking up facts about love.
That mechanical clock was invented in the Ottoman Empire.
You dim the lights and you grab the bottle of your sister's Bath and Body Works Cucumber Melon Hand Lotion
that mysteriously went missing three weeks ago.
Oh, yeah.
You know what it's for.
It's right in the name.
Oh, yeah.
You're gonna melon.
You open your internet browser and hear that siren song of lustful abandon.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
You got male.
Or should I say, you got female.
You log on to foobies.com, ready to take a ride to Boner City and check out your selection.
An embarrassment of riches.
Beautiful blonde Tavia shows off her braids and boobs.
Braids are the sexiest hair.
Or, uh-oh, it looks like some lesbians have gotten into the bear enclosure at the zoo.
It's a safe bet someone's going to be eaten.
What's that bear gonna do to those lesbians?
Or, in the last pick, Masha's feet look like they belong on a frog.
Are they huge?
Or is it perspective?
Not safe for work.
The Ottomans invented the modern pharmacy.
Focus, champ.
There's foobies afoot.
Oh, sorry, bud.
Sounds like your mom got home early.
You better hurry, or someone's going to have a horribly uncomfortable conversation with their dad.
Click out of this tab fast and pull up some more sweet Ottoman facts.
They invented algebra.
But don't you worry.
We'll be here, waiting.
You can't stay away forever.
After all, where else are you going to find all these fresh, flopping foobies?
Y equals MX plus foobies.
That's how you determine the rate of flop to the foobies.
Foobies.com.
Foobie, foobie, foob.
Where are boobs?
Batman was a gigantic bat bomb.
Bat bomb.
Bat bomb.
Why?
Because this film is so terrible, so horrific, and so god awfully bad, that there's only one word that could possibly sum it up.
You want to know what that word is?
I'll tell you.
It's super crap-a-fuck-a-rific, XB-I-L-O bullshit.
A film so bad the censors really ought to go and pull it.
Sadly, there's not many words that only rhyme with bullshit.
Super crap-a-fuck-a-rific, XB-I-L-O bullshit.
There's a lot of words that rhyme with bullshit.
There's so many words that rhyme!
DULL WIT, Doug!
Like what you fucking have!
It's interesting how that kind of language-
This is how David Simon, the creator of The Wire, talks on Twitter.
Yes!
Like this is the way that like the resistance libs chat with each other.
And I know that like resources weren't the same back then, but it is really funny that he just-
No, people couldn't get water, electricity.
If you wanted to go three states over, you had to jump on a mule.
But it is one of those things too where it's like, my god.
You had to keep jumping!
And find the karaoke track!
Why did you use the one that still says supercalifragilisticexpialidocious?
He combines it with the movie and he cuts back and forth from actual clips of the movie, but it's not in the same rhythm.
It's like-
It's maddening.
It hasn't been cut properly.
All of his videos have like, okay, he throws a thing in there.
Now I'm going to respond to it.
But he does the millennial pause.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That is the only way to describe it.
Maggie is very shy about showing her foobies.
Oh, for God's sake!
Which is odd for a girl who doesn't seem to own any panties.
Margaret-
So the nostalgia critic is dead!
He is dead and we have killed him!
So AJ, you were saying-
Yes.
That with the death of the nostalgia critic, things were, I mean, kind of up in the air, right?
Like, everybody's like, what the fuck is going to happen next?
The real people who work for this company are like-
It wasn't just the fans who were wondering what would happen next.
It was-
Is my livelihood in danger?
Do I have a job anymore?
Am I in jeopardy?
And Doug Walker was like, don't worry about it.
I have this foolproof idea.
I'm going to do a Ricky Gervais series.
Okay.
And they said, what do you- you got Ricky Gervais?
He said, no.
I'm going to make a better version of a Ricky Gervais series and it's called Demo Reel.
Right.
Wait.
So I'm just now hearing this for the first time.
I was going to say-
So Demo Reel is his extras.
Yes.
So the episode where Aaron Hansen kind of giggles his way through is supposed to be Patrick Stewart talking about ladies' pants falling off of their bodies.
Pretty much.
Doesn't it-
It all clicks into place the minute you realize he's doing extras.
No, it's not-
Not really.
Okay.
No.
You kind of-
I had to walk through this, but-
How many episodes did you watch, Brian?
I watched-
I watched the one that AJ assigned us.
As did I.
And two and a half-ish others.
I think the cameo that surprised me the most in Demo Reel was Gary Shandling.
That wasn't on extras, though.
I know.
That was an interview series.
It was so fucking good, though.
I think I showed that to you, too.
You might have.
It's harrowing.
It's harrowing.
One of the worst and best pieces of television you will ever see is Ricky Gervais trying to interview Gary Shandling.
And Gary has no respect for him.
No, none.
Not a single iota.
He's actually genuinely trying to make him a better comedian.
Yes.
And in the couple of moments he engages with him, Ricky Gervais fucks it back up.
And it's like, you know what?
It's really, really wild.
The dynamic.
He invented lying, which is a pretty disrespectful thing.
He shouldn't have done that.
He shouldn't have done that.
If you're such a big atheist, why were you the one who convinced everyone that there was such a thing as God?
But he shouldn't have done that.
AJ, what did Doug Walker invent?
Doug Walker invented a show called Demo Reel, which was supposed to replace the Nostalgia Critic and keep everybody's spirits up.
This is a show.
It is a show show.
It is a fully scripted narrative show.
Like a 22 minute sitcom kind of thing?
Pretty much.
Where he played.
It had varying lengths because it was an internet show so they could do whatever they wanted.
And he played the titular.
He played the titular character.
He played the titular demo reel.
He was the demo reel.
Some days you're the demo.
Other days you're the reel.
He played the main character named Donnie Dupre, who is a pretentious indie filmmaker who thought that he could make Hollywood films better than Hollywood directors.
So he would remake them to show them how wrong they were.
And the idea is basically Be Kind Rewind?
Pretty much.
Right?
Yeah.
Which is, the premise of that is a little bit different, but at the end of the day, it's Jack Black and Most Def making remakes of movies on zero budget.
Props made out of tinfoil and things like that.
And they call it Sweeting.
But there's already kind of a weird tension at play here.
Yeah.
Because on some level, it does seem that Doug Walker does think that he can do it better than the filmmakers.
Right.
He can't.
And we will see this very clearly.
But again, it's sort of hedging the bets of the Nostalgia Critic, too, where he is simultaneously playing a thing he is mocking while also fully embodying the thing he is mocking.
Yeah.
Which is, it breaks my mind to fully think about that.
And it's not that it's like charmingly bad, right?
You want to show the things and see how cheesy and fun they are because they have to be backed up by imagination.
They can't be backed up by money.
So you have to throw a lot of imagination into recreating, say, a scene from The Sixth Sense.
Right.
Which is what they start out with.
Yes.
But it doesn't look like it.
Right.
It doesn't, it's not convincing.
It's just in his or his employee's house.
It's just.
Well, they get a studio for this.
It's not white balanced.
It's the sound is, again, just the onboard camera sound.
There's no professional sound being done.
Right.
And like, yes, there's a studio.
So we're mostly looking at blank drywall.
Yes.
It's like an, it's like an office building in an abandoned part of neighborhood.
Very, very narrow hallways in this building.
Yeah.
Because you're looking at the offices of the studio.
You're not looking at the studio part of the studio.
Right.
Right.
They hire on so many more people to fill the halls of this, including Rachel Teets and Malcolm Ray,
who are the two actors playing an aspiring actress and the screenwriter respectively.
Oh, so they're new?
They are new at this point.
They are hired on.
Oh, they are brand new.
They are.
I was just assuming here's two of the characters, you know, and love from the extended nostalgia
critic universe.
And now they're getting to fulfill their role as actors here.
They would eventually become that, particularly Malcolm Ray, who has been on board since demo
reel.
Right.
Ah, weird.
But yes.
So this is already.
There are a few expenses here up top.
Yes.
Hiring new people and all of this.
OK.
Yes.
And in order to raise money for those expenses and a couple of other shows that they want
to pursue outside of the nostalgia critic, including a game show and an interview show,
they run an Indiegogo campaign, which is successful.
They raise a lot of money and then immediately blow all of it on really terrible ideas for
the game show and for the interview show.
Because do these shows ever happen?
I think a couple of the game show ones are produced.
I know at least a few of the interview ones are filmed.
I'm not sure if any of them are ever released.
I know maybe the one with Mara Wilson was eventually released.
So then they did one with Gary Shandling.
And then it all went to shit.
I am looking at the Indiegogo right now.
Yes.
And I'm seeing that they successfully raised eighty nine thousand seven hundred fifty seven
United States dollars.
Yes.
From one thousand three hundred seventy backers.
And I get that ninety thousand in the abstract sounds like quite a bit of money.
And I would not be angry if somebody gave me a lot of money for a person.
Exactly.
Right.
That's exactly the thing is like if you weren't then to really expand your offering, what you
need to do is you need to take that money and put it back into the show.
You need to upgrade your cameras.
You need to upgrade your equipment.
You need to get some actual fucking microphones.
You need to get someone who knows how to use the camera.
And yeah, you need it.
And this is the most valuable person on set.
You need someone who can do sound.
Yes.
Yes.
Which they have yet to figure out.
I've watched a Nostalgia Critic video.
You still hear that house ringing around them.
And you're just.
It's like you're in the middle of a goddamn snowstorm.
Like it's.
Just buy a lavalier.
They're so cheap.
Exactly.
Like, yes, of course, getting an actual sound guy would raise the professionalism by an
order of magnitude.
But simply buying a mic would be like, come on, guys.
What are we doing?
Very basic stuff.
So demo reel premieres on October 30th, 2012, and it ends on January 22nd, 2013.
That's not a very long time.
It sure isn't.
It is three months.
Viewership absolutely plummets into the earth.
Site traffic goes way, way down.
And it becomes very clear that something's got to give.
So people aren't even hate watching this.
They just don't care.
I watched every episode of demo reel as it was coming out.
And you are special.
Did you hate it?
Did you hate it?
Were you a hate watcher at this point?
I really hated it.
So tell me more about that.
So what bothered me most about it was when Doug was doing reviews, it was comedy, like
just sort of straight through.
Right.
There was no attempt.
It's just being storytelling.
Yeah.
It was just being silly.
I remember the exact moment I turned on demo reel and it was when the actress and the
screenwriter characters were talking to each other about their lives.
And it was the most overwritten, horrible monologues you could ever anticipate in your life.
Like that was the moment that you turned it on or the moment you turn it off.
No, that was the moment I turned on it.
I watched.
Oh, I see.
I watched every episode, but that was the moment where like, this is bad and I don't
know what they're going to do with it.
The future was incredibly unclear for this thing.
Right.
They did not announce it was canceled.
Instead, what they did was episode six came out.
Yes.
The review must go on.
It was not called that at the time.
Oh, it was just called demo reel number six.
Not the way that you want to do it.
If you want to get people to start watching the videos again, because they're just going to
see another fucking demo reel.
Yes.
Click something else.
Yes.
I'm going to go back over to my fooby tab.
And if I remember correctly, it was changed pretty quickly to the review must go on.
But I remember clicking on it and not understanding what was happening.
I maintain this is the one piece of Doug Walker media that still kind of works.
Yeah.
I disagree, but I'm interested to hear more.
Yes.
There are large parts of it that I agree with.
You absolutely do not work anymore.
Yeah.
But there is something that is so truthful about it and because it is something that
Doug Walker is actually asking a question about that he does not know the answer to
and is working through something in real time.
And there is something particularly about their portrayal of the nostalgia critic in this
because surprise, this is not an episode of demo reel.
It is the return of the nostalgia critic from the dead.
And to be clear, of course, the nostalgia critic is a Doug Walker character, kind of.
And in demo reel, he's also playing another kind of character.
And so it's this other character finding out his world is like fake.
Yes.
Cutting to Doug Walker sitting at Doug Walker, not in character, as himself, as the writer.
He's on the computer.
He has no hats on.
He's no hats.
What's he going to do with none of these hats on his head?
His head is fully nude.
Yeah.
Him then being confronted by a demon, by the Harry Osborn Green Goblin mask, which is
the nostalgia critic saying, bring me back or whatever.
By the way, the plot inside of the demo reel parts is a plot from Star Trek The Next Generation.
Because that's what I figured.
That is 100% what I thought.
Where Beverly Crusher, for some reason, people start disappearing from the Enterprise.
And she eventually starts asking people how many people are on this ship.
And they keep giving smaller and smaller numbers because those people never existed at all in the history until it's just her.
And so she's talking to the computer and she's like, how many people are aboard the Enterprise?
And the computer is just like, one, you.
Right.
And then she's like, how big is the universe?
And it gives dimensions that are just slightly larger than the ship itself.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
And so I thought this was all coming whole cloth from their heads.
And I'm like, this is very clever.
The fact that the cup is then turns into like a Dixie cup or whatever.
And there was actually like surreal stuff happening in the show that I cannot stress enough is so boring.
The demo reel people who make these short films, which again, all of the short film parodies are in character as short film parodies.
They're not the actual short film parodies being made by Doug Walker and friends.
They're being made by their characters.
Anyway, they're working on a Carmen Sandiego parody.
And they're talking about how critics will love it because it plays to nostalgia.
First things first, all our hopes rest on the nostalgia critic.
People will love that.
What did you say?
I said all our hopes rest on nostalgia.
Critics love that.
People will too.
Nostalgia?
Critics?
And it's interesting to think about the area that we are inhabiting pop culturally at this time, both at the time that this video is being made and at the time that we are recording this podcast.
Yes.
Everything is reboots.
Right.
We're about to see the prequel to the live action animated Lion King movie.
That is based on the Lion King movie.
Youth, I guess.
Spoilers.
He survives that movie.
And one of the big things kicking it off, of course, is Michael Bay's Transformers showing, okay, yeah, the nerd shit doesn't just have to be for all the gay wads anymore.
It can be for the normal people.
And all of it is like rehashing old nerd stuff and old nostalgia stuff.
And in the 2010s, this is when it's like the most optimistic for this sort of thing.
Right.
And so it's like, yeah, of course, we'll do a big Carmen Sandiego movie.
Doug Walker in the real world.
Yeah.
He's chasing down a mystery of his own.
Oh, boy.
He watches this film, The Odd Life of Timothy Green.
Yeah.
And it inspires something in him.
This film has just come to his house for no reason.
Yeah.
He ordered the odd couple.
The D case.
And there's this weird thing where, like, they do, like, the Nostalgia Critic then reviews The Review Must Go On, which is its own, like, oh, Jesus, you had it and you fucked it up.
But, like, it's just, like, there's all this, like, unnecessary, like, he comments on.
He's trying to do, like, a Christopher Nolan, like, thing within a thing type deal.
Oh, no, no, no.
What he says is, like, the filmmaking is actually Sam Raimi.
So there's a bunch of, like, very short shots of, like, him signing for the package and then the car driving away and the door shutting or whatever, right?
And he's, like, oh.
Oh, that's what he thinks it is.
Yeah.
And he's just, like, oh, some unnecessary Raimi stuff.
And they're, like, but at least you're doing something with the filmmaking.
Yeah.
Yeah.
After watching all your shit before, this is at least creative.
You're trying to do things.
Yeah.
It's also, it must be said, white balanced.
Yeah.
Right?
Okay.
Not all of the shots.
Not all of them.
But more than you think.
And it's mostly in focus except for a couple of those mirror shots.
Yeah.
Yes.
He watches The Odd Life of Timothy Green and it awakens something in him.
Okay, so this is supposed to be a feel-good family film about a couple that plants a child in the backyard.
No!
First of all, before you grow your tomato child, didn't you think, like, an orphanage?
Hello, you could go to an orphanage.
There's lots of children there.
You can pick them, like, from a garden.
Except you don't have to grow them.
Everybody should get a Jesus kit.
That's what it is.
A kid that popped up with no sex.
Jesus, kid.
So he starts, like, yeah, he's, like, screaming and going into conniptions on this bed that
I can only describe as it's 2009 and I just got to the dorm.
Yep.
It's worth noting as well, and you kind of heard it here, this is not Doug as the nostalgia
critic.
This is Doug as Doug.
Oh, yeah.
I can really tell the difference.
You can't tell it maybe so much from the audio.
But from the audio, but from when you're watching it and you don't see him, like, go fully,
yeah.
I'm just not on board with you.
There's no character.
I don't think there's a character either.
For me, it's just that he's not wearing the fucking costume.
Sure.
I'm holding both of them in my head.
I'm holding space.
We're holding space.
For the nostalgia critic and Doug Walker.
I'm rotating two Dugs in my mind.
Doug Walker is holding the nostalgia critic's finger with his hand.
And he calls his best buddy, Linkara, from atop the fourth wall to ask him if he's made
a mistake.
Yeah.
I have a bunch of notes in here that are just like, who's this guy?
Yeah.
Ask AJ who this guy is.
Who's this lady here?
It's a lot of that.
I will say we're not going to talk about a lot of it because a lot of it is just him
sort of stacking the deck and him actually doing the nostalgia critic again.
He's doing a series of dialogues.
This is a Socratic dialogue.
Should I bring him back?
Yeah.
And to his credit, not everyone is on board with it.
They're all just kind of like, yeah, man, if you want to, who cares?
But he's like actually like going through the process of kind of reckoning with this.
And as he is doing so, he goes back and starts rewatching old nostalgia critic videos when
he comes across one that starts talking back to him.
So what are you waiting for?
You know, it's just a matter of time.
You're not real.
You're just a fragment of my now very concernable imagination.
Maybe.
Or maybe it's like what you said before.
Considerable.
It's also what he meant.
Not concernable.
And what did I say before?
How a character can become so real that they cease being a character.
They become ingrained in your mind and you can't get rid of them no matter how hard you try.
Even to a point where they take on a life of their own.
No.
You are the buried remains of some nostalgia that I have left behind.
Oh, isn't that cute?
You're nostalgic for the nostalgia critic.
I made a choice.
I said I'm not going back and I'm going to do exactly that.
Why?
What's stopping you?
What am I supposed to go back to anyway?
Quoting memes and running jokes?
It isn't always about memes and running jokes.
It's about that passion for film and that love of making people laugh.
Ugh.
And I know you still got a hunger for both.
It ran its course.
Listen to yourself.
You got so sick and tired of it that you actually forgot that you enjoyed it.
Remember?
Every single time you thought you were done with it, you came up with something better.
When you had time to think, time to focus, time to put that extra effort in.
But you had anniversary movies, conventions, other shows, your own life to live.
All of trying to write, act, and edit a 20-minute video every single week.
Face it, buddy.
You weren't done yet.
You just hit burnout.
I'm not going back.
Yeah?
Then why don't you just make me go away?
It is, I think, masquerading as self-awareness.
But I think it actually strikes me personally as being...
It's a contrivance, I think.
Well, here's the thing.
He's not being honest here.
Right.
He's decided this would be a fun way to tell the story, to make it about my own creativity
and the fragments of my not very considerable imagination.
Right.
Which I think, if he had actually gotten the words correct, would have been really good.
And he sort of blows it off.
He has a conversation earlier where someone's like, well, you know, the fans, they really
want you back.
He's like, yeah, I get the hate mail.
And it's like, whatever.
Blah, blah, blah.
Yeah.
But that's the whole thing.
That is actually the thing.
No one is watching Demo Reel.
They have spent extra money to make this and it's making less money in return.
And the big reason why he stopped doing Nostalgia Critic, maybe there was a creative element
to it, but there was also the fact that he didn't want to do something each week.
He wanted to get just a little bit of fucking time because 20 minutes of video every week
is a lot.
It's a lot.
Yes.
There's also this thing where he like looks at all of the posters on the wall.
That's a big piece of this moment.
Right.
And Nostalgia for Kick-Ass-E-A and for Suburban Night.
But the thing is, these posters look like ass.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Like.
Yeah.
It's Nostalgia for stuff that happened a few months ago.
Right.
Like a year or two years ago.
It doesn't ring true.
I don't believe that he's genuinely proud of this stuff.
I just don't.
I do.
Really?
I really do.
You think he's still proud of Kick-Ass-E-A?
In the modern day?
Yeah.
I have no idea.
Okay.
But I think at this point, I, yes, 100%.
Interesting.
I think that he thinks that the wall even was still a success.
Oh, I'm sure he thinks that of the wall.
Yeah.
But that's more recent.
I put a lot of importance on things that I've done in the past that I know that if someone
were to show me a video of them, it would not be as great as I remember.
Sure.
Right?
Yeah.
But it sustains me because it's my brain saying, you did something good, which means
you can do something good again.
And I think that's the only thing that keeps a creative mind going, particularly a creative
mind like Doug Walker's, that has made stuff that is mostly just kind of fine.
The ramifications of it spread out to so many other video essayists, right?
And in this one, it is the first time that it's like an artist like reckoning with himself
in a way that I think a lot of other video essayists would go on to copy later on.
Exactly.
Like Dan Olson.
Yes.
Dan Olson does a video taking down Doug Walker.
That's all it really is, is a takedown of this guy.
Then he comes along to do his takedown AVGN video, which is a self takedown.
Yeah.
It's like, oh shit, this guy is just me.
I don't find this to be genuinely insightful to the self.
I once again find it solipsistic.
I don't think this is self critique.
I think this is self aggrandizement.
Well, in the part where he's talking about, yeah, I've done a video every week, every single
week for how many years at this point?
He's talking to the audience.
Right.
Not himself.
He's saying.
Oh, absolutely.
Yeah.
Okay.
You want this thing back?
I'll bring it back, but I'm only going to do it once every two weeks.
And I would agree with both of you fully on this.
But the fact that the nostalgia critic is a monster that he is presented as a like, is
he evil figure?
Is he though?
I mean, I genuinely don't.
I don't know if I agree with that.
I think that you're supposed to kind of like him.
I think you're supposed to be like, he's a bit of a dick, but he's like, oh, he really
says it like it is.
Like later on in this, in this episode, he like fully breaks Doug down and it's just
like, hey, look, man, I'll go away.
I'll go away for fucking ever.
You just got to say that you don't want me back.
If you answer this, honestly, I'll go away forever.
Tell me right now without any hint of distrust.
What?
Do you want to do this again?
Do you have that same passion you had before?
That passion for comedy, film and reviewing?
Do you honestly want me to come back?
Yes.
And what are you waiting for?
And the nostalgia critic appears in the kitchen and they work out the terms of his return.
Which, again, I don't find this to be a meaningful like this is to set expectations to the audience
for what the new thing is going to be.
Yes.
The dinner table scene, I 100 percent as opposed to him setting for himself what he wants it
to be.
Right.
This is more.
It feels more like a thing of like appeasing shareholders.
I will.
I will agree with you on that on that table scene.
It's everything leading up to it is the fact that this was sort of coerced out of him
by a bullying ghost from his past.
Again, if the nostalgia critic had appeared here as a benevolent figure being like, hey,
I know you're in trouble, man.
Just let me take over.
We had so much fun together.
Right.
But it's not that what it actually is, is you motherfucker.
You can't survive without me.
And the way that the rest of Doug Walker's career plays out from here on out, all I can
see is the specter of the nostalgia critic saying you tried to get away from me and you
fucked up.
You're never getting away from me again.
So he restarts the nostalgia critic by.
Could you explain what?
Yeah.
What?
What?
I mean, look, here's the thing.
It's not really worth getting into because it's a lot of lore about demo reel, but essentially
at the end of to boldly flee.
Well, he so he goes back to this piece of paper.
Right.
Or the theoretical piece, the computer screen that he would he hit writer's block, something
that probably has never happened to Doug Walker because of the fact that he has to write something
every fucking day.
Yeah.
And there's no second draft.
Right.
And so he's sitting there and is like, OK, he looks at the bright light.
That's where we left off with Donnie.
Is that his name?
Donnie Dupre.
Sure.
And Donnie is looking at a bright light.
And what he sees is and he types in the plot hole.
Yes.
The plot hole.
OK.
So at the end of the old boy, the big the big bad into the fleet is that there is a plot
hole at the center of the universe, which is so great because that's what his analysis
is.
Yes.
That's the only thing.
Someone makes a stylistic choice and he's he's aggrieved by that plot holes happen.
He's aggrieved.
Doesn't really think about themes or or or any larger ideas of how movies are obviously
no sense of craft.
Well, and he's like, he's the old objective style of criticism.
This is before Cinema Sins, but it's where Cinema Sins comes from.
Yeah.
He sees creative choices as plot holes.
I think it's it's epitomized by that fucking clip where he's like, what do you mean the
vines are coming to life?
Yeah.
You have to explain this.
I'm assuming a plot hole in the to boldly flee sense is a giant universe destroying paradox.
Yes.
It's a giant.
It's a giant.
Like the warp bubble that has trapped Dr. Beverly Crusher.
Yes.
There you go.
And so it's just Star Trek.
So basically the way the nostalgia critic dies is that he absorbs the plot hole.
He takes on the sins of all films and he dies.
And in this one, it's revealed that when he was absorbed into the plot hole, he was made
to be the thing he feared most, which was an indie filmmaker who thought he knew better
than everybody else.
Because it turns out that there is no Donnie.
There's just the critic or because it's all Doug Walker barely playing a character.
There is no Donnie.
There is only Zool.
Yes.
Yes.
And so all of these characters in demo reel are killed off one by one because they never
really existed.
This was a purgatory made for the nostalgia critic to humble him.
A warp bubble, if you will.
A warp bubble.
To teach him a lesson.
And that lesson is that you have now been on the other side.
So you will be kinder in future reviews.
Because of the failure of demo reel.
You are now a fail, a true failed filmmaker.
You have made a shitty thing.
Yes.
And because you know what goes into making something that is shitty.
Yes.
You will not be as cruel to the movies going forward.
Which is another way of him being like, this is how I get out of doing the exact same joke
over and over and over again.
Yes.
This is how I incorporate more of myself into the heel character.
He keeps making the joke.
Yeah.
He sure fucking does.
It's really...
Because this is the thing.
For about a few years afterwards, I watched 400 Nostalgia Critic videos for this episode,
by the way, over the course of the last three or four months.
You didn't...
It was because he was trying to figure out how to do this without talking about the wall.
Because I was like, we're going to talk about the wall, right?
And you're like, no, we're not going to talk about the wall.
I wanted to figure out how to not to.
Two weeks ago, you were like, guys, I'm sorry.
We're going to have to talk about the wall.
I was like, I never had a problem with this.
Yeah, it's like, okay.
You didn't want to do it.
I didn't.
I didn't.
I didn't.
AJ is experiencing the horrifying ordeal of being known right now.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
But I hold Dan Olsen's essay in such high regard.
I was just like, I don't know what we can add to it.
And we will.
We have figured out an angle.
Well, I am projecting Doug Walker's face on top of your face right now.
Yes.
I am building a maquette of his blank wall and chair.
No!
But it is true.
In my darkest moments, I just think that I am him.
And that's my own neurosis.
No, no, no.
It has nothing to do with any of this.
Would you like to talk about that?
Well, it has everything to do with this.
This is why we're doing this today.
This is why we're doing this.
Yeah, it's true.
And I can talk about this now or later, but I do have thoughts about that, AJ.
Yeah, yeah.
And I think we will cover that once we get to the wall.
Okay, good.
We have to get to the wall.
When he comes back as the Nostalgia Critic, the one thing I have to say about this first Nostalgia Critic
video that he makes when he's back.
Yes.
Well, he cuts to a commercial in the middle of it.
Yeah.
It's not a commercial, though.
It is a skit starring two of the actors that he had hired to make demo reel.
Yes.
And then it cuts away from the skit.
Back to the review.
What kind of a show would do something like that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right at the halfway point.
Interesting that.
To be fair, we used to do it on thirds.
We sure did.
I don't know.
Do I have no idea why?
It's a three-act structure.
Look, we were epic.
We wanted to be.
Yeah.
And now that's epic.
But yeah, no.
They keep these actors on, right?
Yeah.
Because of the failure of demo reel, they don't make that sort of failure pass on to the actors,
right?
Yeah.
They do not fire them.
They keep them on staff for a while.
Rachel then leaves to go off to LA to pursue a career, and they bring on a couple more people.
Okay.
But basically, they want to find a way to do both demo reel and the Nostalgia Critic as
the same show.
Kind of kills two birds with one stone, right?
Yeah.
You don't have to worry about copyright law if you are doing full-scale recreations of
the scenes you're talking about.
Well, also, I wouldn't even call them partial scale.
I don't even know if scale even becomes the matter at this point.
They are certainly wearing Party City costumes standing out against the green screen.
Also, to be very clear, that's also not how fair use works.
It's just not.
But Josh, where's the fair use?
Well, to be fair, actually, to Channel Awesome, fair use is a secondary consideration when you're
talking about copyright on YouTube.
Right.
Sure.
You can use something that is perfectly within the bounds of fair use, and it will be taken
down.
Because it's all automated.
Automated processes, and you have no recourse for it unless you get a lawyer.
And a lawyer costs money, which kind of fucks you over.
This is their strategy for a very long time.
Yeah.
Right?
They do an entire Mad Max Fury Road one where they're just fully reviewing it with no footage
from the film, just recreating it.
This is a real problem.
I just want to say that.
Like, structurally, I mean.
Yes.
This creates so many problems that are self-imposed because it's not going to work
as parody in any meaningful way.
All of this stuff looks like ass, and it also just doesn't cohere as a complete piece.
But there is.
Yeah, there is some of this stylistic restlessness.
That's like, I still want to be a filmmaker.
I still want to be doing something.
And it comes in the form also of musical reviews, by which I mean reviews of musicals that are
musicals themselves.
Right.
Yes.
Like he does with Moulin Rouge.
Yes.
Yes.
So that is before he initially kills off the critic.
But yes, that is.
Right.
Right.
Well, he's already done these things.
Yes.
But it's like the wall wasn't the first time that they did that.
Not at all.
They came back to the rodeo.
This is what I think is interesting to me about Doug Walker is that this is somebody
who fundamentally wants to be something more than a critic.
Yes.
And simply doesn't know how.
That's my assessment.
Yeah.
I don't.
I don't even know.
I think he knows how.
I don't think he can do it.
That's the part that that eats at me.
That is the part that I always feel like that's when imposter syndrome creeps in for me as well.
But the thing is that I don't know if Doug Walker ever knows that he's an imposter.
If he does it, he certainly does not let it on.
I mean, here's the thing.
You got to keep making that thing every week.
Right.
Yeah.
You just got it.
We're three Spider-Men all pointing at each other right now.
But also, yes, like I would be willing to buy that he has a higher degree of self-awareness
were that final episode of demo reel seemingly more self-aware.
You know what I mean?
Like if it was really a more trenchant, deeply felt piece.
Yeah.
If he was actually talking about the real barriers, like the finances and everything that
are going into it.
It's just a setup to get the audience back in.
And that's what we see time and time and time again.
Now, all of this stuff, barring the wall, all of this was before the cancellation document,
right?
Yes, it was.
OK.
So the cancellation document is called the Not So Awesome Document.
We will link it below.
Straight up a Google Doc.
It's very long.
It is just straight up a Google Doc.
It's released on April 2nd, 2018, and then a revised version is released either a week or
two weeks later.
It is a document that I feel is mostly inscrutable to those who are not directly following a lot
of the channel awesome stuff back in the day.
Yeah.
Some of the allegations are incredibly serious and incredibly harrowing to read.
And then some of them just read like lists of grievances.
Many of them are, in my opinion, bullshit.
Just things that happened.
It's like, yeah, they didn't like your video.
Sorry.
You know, but the ones that do stand out are ones of that.
They're really, I think, represent from what the fuck is that guy's name?
The really Mike Michaud, Mike Michaud.
What seems to be a consistent pattern of behavior of intimidation and cruelty and just generally
being a really nasty guy.
Also, of course, allegations against Mike Ellis, who left the company pretty early on for sexual
harassment.
There's he left the company because of sexual harassment.
They let him go.
Basically, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
So it wasn't he left the company unrelated.
By the way, it turns out, big sex pervert.
No, no.
So like it was a direct result.
They took care of it.
And they did actually address the problem.
Yes, they did.
Okay.
This document is released online.
It is shared by everyone who signed it, who wrote stories.
And yeah, it should be noted.
This is because it's April 2018.
Right.
Yes.
The Harvey Weinstein article was in November 2017.
Yes.
Right.
So it's directly it's the Me Too movement, as we refer to it.
For video essayists.
Yeah.
Basically.
They release it to their followers.
It starts trending on Twitter with hashtag change the channel.
And a bunch of people at this point have left Channel Awesome, right?
Like Lindsay Ellis is gone.
Todd in the Shadows is gone.
Yes.
Kyle Kallgren is gone.
Dan Olsen is gone at this point as well.
Which I had no idea that Dan Olsen was also part of Channel Awesome.
Very brief, very brief amount of time.
Yes.
Dan is not in the document, by the way.
No, he is not.
No.
Well, and again, like a lot of these people are not.
He is mentioned a few times.
He's up in Canada.
You know, you've got people just in New York, in California, in Illinois.
Like a lot of people who are not necessarily connected to anything going on.
Right.
And most of it has revolves around the filming of To Boldly Fleet.
Okay.
And how horribly that was mismanaged.
And I'm sure, yeah, people were not getting paid well to be part of that.
At all.
You know, people not being paid in any way.
They were flown out and then they were expected to make collab videos while filming to Boldly
Fleet.
And my big takeaway from the document is that, like, it's hard to say how much of it is,
like, willful attempts at creating a hostile work environment versus just, like, being so
incompetent that you end up doing it anyway.
But at the end of the day, it doesn't really matter.
No, it doesn't because their effects are the same.
Yeah.
It's a bunch of people who went into this as amateurs.
This was the dream of the internet, right?
The totally democratized art form is you have a bunch of people going into full scale production
who have absolutely no idea how to do anything.
Right.
Right.
Now they're making a three hour movie.
That's all location shoots where you're bringing people in from other states and, you know,
you have to house them.
You have to fly them.
You have to bring water out into the Nevada desert.
Ideally.
They need craft services.
They didn't know that was a thing you needed to just feed your actors.
Here's the thing.
You get the big bag of Twizzlers or you get the big bucket of red vines.
There you go.
That makes everybody happy.
There you go.
I love it.
Channel Awesome releases a rebuttal.
Yeah.
To the not so awesome document.
And it is terrible.
It is mostly a lot of no, we didn't.
Yeah.
And also mistakes were made.
And so if I understand correctly, right, there's not a whole lot that says Doug Walker
did this thing.
No.
But Doug Walker is this is an Illinois based thing.
This is all built around him and the Circuit City guys.
They're all in the same place.
Him and the people in charge.
Yes.
And so he and his brother are there at the heart of all of this and not doing anything
one way or the other.
Well, Rob, I feel like has a little bit more culpability because he had a little bit more
of a senior position and was dealing with a lot of more day to day stuff.
Doug was just filming his things.
He was very much the talent.
And he's the Walt Disney and Rob is the Roy Disney.
And it also sounds like from the document that Doug just really unsurprisingly doesn't
know very much about the craft of filmmaking.
And so when he is put into these situations where he's supposed to be like supervising or
whatever, he just straight up can't do it.
Yeah.
We point the camera, we get through the lines on the script.
And once we've done that, it's it's done.
Any sort of continuity that would be messed up.
Rob Walker would just scream plot hole and move on.
So it would be explained by the presence of the plot hole in this universe, which is
why the movie is almost unwatchable.
It is unwatchable.
Tough.
That's like I remember doing a short film in college once that was like it was supposed
to be a dream.
And whenever there was stuff like basic stuff missing, like a prop that was like, I need
to be drinking something.
They'd be like, well, just hold your hand up as though you're holding something because
it's a dream.
And I was like that.
That's not what happens in dreams.
No.
And that's not what anyone wants to film.
That's not what someone wants to see.
No.
In a fake dream.
I mean, maybe that would work on stage.
Maybe.
You could do some fun things where you're miming something and then the sound is all there
or something.
But that's not what happens.
Right.
And so this whole thing happens, right?
Yeah.
The final few vestiges of Channel Awesome start peeling off.
Even Angry Joe is gone at this point.
It's pretty much just the Doug Walker show now full time.
Yes.
Brad Jones does stay on.
Okay.
And I actually, I do want to play this clip from the review must go on, which is Brad
Jones.
He calls up Brad Jones to be like, should I bring the nostalgia critic back?
And I think it's pretty perfect.
Hello.
Hey, Brad.
I'm having a debate on whether or not to bring the nostalgia critic back.
Oh, well, I don't care.
That's it.
Well, great performance from Brad Jones, who did some other thing.
That's a guy I know a lot about.
He's just a cinema snob and he's a real bad person.
The cinema snob.
Another thing that I know a lot about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He comes up again because he is also in the wall.
Okay.
And we will talk about that.
Yeah.
We might as well.
Let's get there.
We might as well get into it.
I will say that in between the not so awesome documents release and the release of the wall,
the nostalgia critics channel is doing pretty good.
He's still getting videos in the millions of views occasionally if the topic really hits.
Yeah.
And a lot of these are re-uploaded because they were on the website before and then they
were brought over later.
And these re-uploads are themselves topping a million views.
Right.
Which means the overall count is even higher.
And that's generating decent ad rev because, you know.
Yeah.
That's a lot of minutes.
And so Corey Taylor, the lead singer of Slipknot, turns out his son is a huge fan of the nostalgia
critic.
And his son reaches out to Doug Walker, says, hey, I'm a fan.
And Doug's like, hey, would your dad ever want to do a video?
And what we get in a very, I think, sweet attempt to bond with his son is one of the
worst pieces of art I've ever seen.
Friends, Romans, countrymen, welcome to Nostalgia Critics.
It's the wall.
Hello, I'm the Nostalgia Critic.
I remember it so you don't have to.
Pink Floyd, the wall, or is it Pink Floyd's the wall?
I never know where to put the S there.
It's an abstract musical that musician Roger Waters described as a separation between a
rock star and his audience.
But it's so much more than that, I think.
When it came out in 1982, it got mixed reviews and did only okay at the box office.
Many saw it as too pretentious and full of itself, saying it's way...
It was just before dusk, one dark weekend evening while on your way home.
When all the critics told you Pink Floyd's wall was shite.
When you thought that it was kind of alright.
And the masses gave thanks as the movie tanned.
Oh my god, just speed up the top of the...
Bading into a state for a while.
The arthouse ego trip had fallen and slipped to the bargain bin for $3.93.
Okay, so yeah, there's a guy sitting in a chair, just like you frequently see in Pink Floyd's
The Wall, and that guy in Pink Floyd's The Wall is Bob Geldof, musician, promoter, right?
He was the guy who was behind Band Aid.
So this Corey Feldman, whatever his name is.
Corey Taylor, the lead singer of Slipknot.
Okay, well, I couldn't recognize his face because usually I don't see it.
Right, you just hear it.
Okay, so Corey Taylor is the Bob Geldof of this.
But he's not playing...
It's Corey.
It's like they're using his name.
Right, and they're telling Corey's story, question mark?
And so is that Corey's son then playing young Corey?
Playing young Corey, yes.
Okay, young Giles Corey.
And this whole review starts with the premise that The Wall is okay.
Yes, it's fine.
He's like, I said, right from the start.
Yeah.
It is fine.
He's like, I think I understood it.
And I was like, you have to take a position, Doug.
I saw my fair lady.
I sort of enjoyed it.
You might wonder, so if the thing is fine, how do you create a 40 minute long video that
is also a pastiche of Pink Floyd's The Wall?
Yes.
That's also highly critical of it.
Right.
How do you do all these things?
Well, here's the thing.
You just make shit up.
Yeah, you make shit up.
And here's the other thing, Josh.
Maybe you burst out of the TV and scream, sing it, Corey, directly.
You might.
Tell me when you were a fan of the band, Corey.
Is this quite what you expected to see?
If you want to find out what's behind this weird shit, you'll first have to figure if
it's lame or legit.
They have a sound guy now.
Yeah.
The critic sounded a little funny in the previous clip, but that's because you're watching him
on a TV in the video.
Everything here has a competent sheen to it.
Yes.
Yes.
Everything is in focus.
Everything is white balanced, except for one scene that is deliberately not white balanced,
the one where they go outside.
It's too bright and it's all like daylight.
Washed out.
Too blue.
Yeah.
Like that's on purpose.
I don't understand why, but sure.
It's a choice was made.
A choice was made.
A choice maybe.
She was just like a choice to me.
Okay.
And like the camera even moves around like they're doing some slightly complicated stuff.
They're incorporating CGI.
Yeah.
They're not just doing the very cheap, like easiest to use after effects effects like
they were doing in demo reel.
Oh, no.
And really what I will say too is, I mean, I would not say that Doug Walker is a good
singer, but he's not a terrible singer either.
He's actually a pretty good impressionist is what I will say.
Like, I don't know.
Somebody else we know.
So we get to this point where what are we going to talk about with this thing?
Right.
What is the main critique that's going to drive us through the whole thing?
And that critique is that it's really whiny.
That the wall is the pink foids.
The wall is incredibly annoying because it's one guy being woe is me for an hour and a half.
And it's unsubtle.
Yes.
Yes.
And it is about somebody who is a solipsist, which I think is very interesting considering
what Doug Walker's whole deal is.
I understand why they wanted to use Corey Taylor from Slipknot here.
But the biggest artistic misfire in this thing that is littered with artistic misfires is
the fact that Doug Walker is not pink in this.
Doug, it would just make sense.
Yeah.
Because he becomes him anyway, right?
Yeah.
Midway through, he becomes pink.
So why not actually just part?
Yeah.
So why not just make this into the interrogation of the self that review must go on didn't
quite hit, but tried to, but tried to.
Why not try again?
A lot of real better.
The criticism goes, of course, we go to school and we go to, you know, how, how school is
portrayed as just as fascist as like the Nazis that Roger Waters, his father died fighting.
And Doug Walker is basically doing a criticism of this concept by criticizing the audience
for it.
Right.
By saying you're an edgy teenager who loves rock and roll.
You saw this movie and you're like, yeah, school really is fucking like that.
Even though school for you was probably fine.
Yes.
And really ignoring the fact that like the context in the film matters.
Did you go to a British school in like the forties and fifties because it was not fine?
Well, let's just hear what Doug has to say.
Let's hear him.
Let's, let's hear him out.
Welcome to high school where all the teachers are monsters.
Why is he Dracula?
You can do the Dracula for a cider romance.
They just want to eat you up because we're evil blood sucking vampire things.
We need more victimization.
There are no good teachers.
Not one.
Not even by accident.
We need more stuff to about.
We don't want to help you.
We just want to eat your blood and suck your brains.
No, our education systems broke.
Well, it means the other way around.
I don't know.
I got a high school education.
This is pandering like hell.
It's a lot happening there.
One is the one.
I had to write this down phonetically though.
Our education systems broke.
I feel like.
That's like I'm trying to give a code to my son Jason to find me in the Holy Land.
I can't, I can't prove it, but I think this might've been what killed Sondheim.
He saw that scansion.
It took three years, but it finally did it.
Well, no, he was shown it.
His final Thanksgiving dinner.
He watched Dan Olsen's video.
Everyone was like, everyone wanted to talk about their favorite YouTube videos.
Sondheim is like, well, you got to watch Randy Rainbow.
Of course.
Of course.
Of course.
Of course.
I found out Flavor Flav is a huge fan of Randy Rainbow.
No.
I don't know what to do with that.
Honestly, it is kind of endearing.
He is just like an old lib grandpa.
Old guys are cringe, you know?
But he's such, he's a much better musician than Randy Rainbow is, right?
Like he's such a talented, anyway.
Flavor Flav, come on the worst of all possible worlds.
Yeah.
One of Sondheim's dinner buddies, his very young husband was like, well, I really like the
nostalgia critic.
And he made this parody of The Wall.
And Sondheim was like, I'm going to check out now.
I don't want to be around anymore.
I have a question about this, right?
Because I think that this, and all of the criticism that I've seen of this, this is
the scene that people talk about the most.
And for good reason.
Yes.
This is fucking bonkers.
I mean, first of all, I don't know if he actually believes what he's saying here.
It seems too inane to be something he could actually believe.
No, it seems like he's like, I'm going to write a song that is a criticism of The Wall
and it's done to this tune.
Right.
I have to figure out what that is.
But this is rather than his honest opinion of what this song is, because this is grasping
at straws.
Yeah.
Again, just to like talk about what happened.
We're not going to talk about The Wall, the original Pink Floyd's The Wall too much.
But the entire point of this sequence is to show the way that the violence that is inflicted
upon you by fascism is then turned back outward on others.
And it shows this in a number of different contexts.
Yes.
The context of school, the context of interpersonal relationships and dating.
The context of war.
Yes.
Is he really this, like, stupid?
Stupid?
This is a genuine question.
I don't know.
That's what makes this so baffling.
Stupid, but approaching it, I think.
You think so?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think he's, yeah.
Not to be exceptionally cruel, but, you know, I am a cunt.
And I think he's, yeah, not the brightest bulb.
He's very proud of this thing that he and his team made.
He calls it a love letter to Pink Floyd, which, here's the thing, having listened to the album
on Spotify, I understand what he means there, which is the music is very well produced.
It is.
And feels.
Yeah, I think he's talking about his producer there when he says the love letter thing,
not the video necessarily.
Or the lyrics, because the lyrics are intentionally very cruel.
Yeah.
And the lyrics also do this awful thing where they kind of stop in the middle of the phrase
at the end of each musical phrase, which is something that the lyrics in Quest for Camelot
do all the time.
He can't escape it.
He can't.
Okay, Brian, Brian, you know what I think about that commentary?
You know what I think?
This is pandering like hell.
That's what I think.
Yeah.
This is pandering like hell.
Like pandering like hell?
Yes.
Like hell.
You got to give it to him.
That phrase has not left your mind since you heard it.
No, it's haunted.
You had not seen the criticism of this video.
You watched this for the very first time all on your own.
And the first thing you did was go on to bluesky.app.
That's right.
And type, this is pandering like hell.
And immediately there were like five replies from people who knew exactly what I was talking
about.
And I hope I haven't disappointed those people because I've seen some comments that are
like, I can't wait to see Brian just lose his shit on this.
And I'm like, eh.
Yeah.
Like, yeah.
I mean, yeah.
Well, he hasn't been disrespectful to the victims of the Challenger explosion.
You know what?
Here's the thing, listeners.
You get to hear Josh freak out.
You don't get that all that often.
That is very true.
I don't know.
We get a fair amount.
I don't know.
So he also goes into this thing.
I can hear you rattling in your wooden shoes.
It's because he's Dutch.
So we get this parody of Goodbye Blue Sky called So Long Weird Song.
Yes.
Where we get the animation.
Brian just died.
All right.
I got him.
I didn't know it was called.
I wasn't paying attention.
That's fun.
You weren't paying attention to this compelling film?
I thought I was.
But there's layers to the wall.
There's so many bricks.
We need to tear it down.
We sure do.
This is the section where you get all of the animation.
Yes.
So you get the giant black eagle that says ego on it.
Yeah.
That swoops in on an unsuspecting homunculus.
A little pink guy.
Yeah.
It's the dummy from the main film.
Yeah.
That says self-content on it.
Not self-contentment.
Self-content?
Self-content.
Self-content.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, that's kind of like, I don't know why that's the word you chose.
Sure.
Like most of Doug Walker's script choices.
I don't know why you chose that.
It's this really like janky 2003 ass flash animation.
Oh, it's great.
Yeah.
It's like, it's very MS Paint.
The fucking.
This feels like, because they have to use stills from the movie.
I think I mentioned that before.
I think maybe they were, they had altered some of the animation and drew ego on the bird at some point.
And then they were like, this isn't going to get past the filter.
So we're just doing this cutout.
So this is almost certainly not what was intended, but I just had this thought.
Sure.
It is a black bird of prey with the word ego on it.
You might think of it as an ego raptor.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, shit.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't.
Well, here.
I mean, kind of.
I don't.
There's no like reported beef between the two of them.
Probably not.
There are so many other people that have beef.
I mean, ego raptor was in demo reel.
He was.
As a guy that not dug fucked.
Yeah.
He's lost love.
Yeah.
There you go.
And there's also, there's a sequence where there's just a cloud that says my problems that
rains down and like blossoms sunflowers that say pity.
And then other, a cloud that says other people's problems that come in.
And then my problem strikes it and makes it explode with lightning.
That's right.
The lightning bolt from the my problems cloud obliterates the other people's problems cloud.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's not how clouds work.
Do you think that the problems clown was rained out of the problems cloud?
Yes.
So what this guy really needs is wife.
Yeah.
So like we get it, right?
Like the idea is that this guy is moping too much and he's complaining about it.
Which is what the movie is saying too.
Do you know what he's doing?
He's in his chair too much.
What?
I'll tell you what he's doing.
What is he doing?
I'm doing like hell.
I'm losing my mind.
But this is so funny because it's going after, right?
Specifically Roger Waters for doing this behavior.
And Doug, spoilers, is going to just do that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
A couple scenes from now.
Right.
Because after so long weird song where he says that, I guess, goodbye blue sky is Oscar bait.
Yeah.
It's an Oscar bait song.
None of the songs were original though.
So they couldn't have qualified.
But it's not a song for an Oscar.
And you see this with every musical that gets adapted into a movie is that they write a new song so that it can get nominated for the Oscar.
So it's not an Oscar bait song.
And nor was it nominated for any Oscars.
This film was not nominated for a single Oscar in any category.
It got a couple BAFTAs.
What I do think is interesting, and actually this was the moment where I sat up in my chair full.
It was like, no.
Yes.
Fucking way.
Sure.
There is a point in the wall where Pink spins out and basically has this massive, massive breakdown.
Yes.
And the way that he comes out on the other side of that breakdown is to become the leader of a new fascist order that may, it might only exist in his head.
Yeah.
It might be that he's been getting real world acolytes to join.
It's not really clear and it doesn't really matter.
We've seen this sort of odd skeletal fascist leader before.
Right.
And now Bob Geldof has shaved all of the hair off of his body, including his eyebrows.
Yes.
Hmm.
And then comes out as that skeletal fascist leader.
And this is, other than the animated stuff, I think the most powerful scene in the wall.
It might even be more powerful than the animated stuff, really.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I put them at equal footing because.
This was my.
This was also having just seen the wall this week.
This was the scene that got me the most out of the entire film.
I love the animation.
I love it.
Right.
But this scene in particular, the fact that he singles people out in the audience and the camera never gets close enough to them so that you can even make them out.
Yes.
You just see the crowd swarming and then generally moving.
There's someone in there, but you can't see them.
And to be clear, there is nothing ambiguous about this at all.
No, it's very unsubtle.
He and whiny.
He looks like Hitler.
There's a crest that's like a couple of hammers and it kind of looks like a swastika.
These people are violently dragged away and then put up against the wall, presumably to be executed.
Right.
And he says, put them up.
So the wall has been present this whole time.
And now it becomes the wall that you get shot against.
It's not just his emotional barrier anymore.
No, no.
The symbolism here is very clear.
Right.
We as Brits destroyed the wall of fascism with these hammers.
Yeah.
And it is by those same hammers that we ourselves are now becoming fascist.
Here's what Doug Walker thinks this song is about.
Oh, yeah.
I'm the person you all think you know.
That sucks up your angst and confusion.
I'm that nameless foe.
I got some weird news for you, sunshine.
This was dissing Thatcher's administration.
But it's vague enough to put anyone you fear, politician, showman, just put their face here.
Are there any authority figures in the crowd tonight?
Oh, yes.
That's me after all.
There are people at their laptops.
Yeah.
The audience is all people at their computer.
Right.
That one's looking stressed.
He wants to feel impressed.
Put him in the wall!
Post his phone!
And that one looks sheltered like she never leaves a room!
Oh, that's me, me!
I'll be that friend you can blame for all your gloom!
Oh, really?
That one looks like he really wants to be outraged!
Now with social media!
Come on, man!
You have the stakes!
So, this is about how the, I guess, the new fascism of the 2010s is people...
Being mean to Doug Walker on Twitter?
Well, more specific.
I mean, it's more specific than that.
Sure, yes.
It's people laundering an aggrieved status.
Yeah.
Right?
That can be a status of marginalization by race or gender.
It can also...
You know, people talk about this with, like, the soy right.
You have all these people who are like, well, they, you know, or they went after gamers!
Right?
You can use...
The gamers were nerds.
The gamer as the aggrieved class.
We're weaponized autists.
Yeah.
We're people who are aggrieved in this way, who are margin...
Male loneliness.
Right.
Yes.
And you use that as your first sympathy point and also your gathering point.
Right.
Other people, well, I'm a male.
I feel lonely.
You know, I'm also black and I have seen this marginalization.
I am gay.
I...
I'm turning into Andrew Cuomo.
I am gay!
As governor of New York, I am gay!
I am transgender!
But, like, this becomes a real thing and it becomes...
And it's because it's online.
This is what happens online.
Y'all get angry.
Y'all get mad at things.
He has the symbol...
You know, the walking hammers earlier was walking smartphones.
Yeah, I forgot about that.
Yes.
And here, it's the hammers again, but they're in the shape of a hashtag.
And when they chant...
Yeah, what are they chanting?
I can't tell what they're saying.
Hashtag.
Hashtag.
Hashtag.
Oh, sorry.
I knew that.
It was the...
Instead of saying build,
The...
Or...
The wall.
What are they singing?
Bust their balls.
Bust their balls.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's...
Some of the images in this don't even have a corollary in the wall.
Like, there's a part where it cuts to Doug Walker stomping over a CGI city like Godzilla.
And then he's giant for a while for some reason.
Yeah.
What's funny is, like, they did this in their studio at their little green screen, the cyclorama set thing.
Right.
He's in his socks?
He's not wearing his shoes while stomping on the city.
Oh, wow.
Because I'm sure he didn't want to make the green screen dirty.
But, like...
You can see the socks.
Why are you wearing your socks?
Put shoes on.
Yeah.
And, of course, this is a year...
Yeah.
After hashtag change the channel, a huge Twitter movement...
Well, huge, quote unquote.
It was huge for AJ.
Yeah.
Went after him.
He felt aggrieved and then decided to make The Wall, a film about the rise of fascism, be about a actual reckoning for his channel.
Yeah.
And that is unconscionable to me.
And, you know, because what Waters is doing with The Wall is he's saying, this is me.
I have become part of this commodified entertainment source for all the children who are currently being ground up into meat, like I was.
Yes.
To create The Wall, to be bound by The Wall, to be killed against The Wall, to be put outside The Wall, to be put inside The Wall, right?
The Wall is whatever you need it to be in a given moment.
And fascism is so flexible.
And how am I any different from any of the rest of this sort of thing?
I'm going out there.
It's like the Black Mirror episode.
The guy puts the glass to his throat and talks about society.
And then he's able to get a really nice house by pretending he's going to do it every single day afterwards.
But that's why in The Wall, there is such ambiguity in that moment about...
I said it wasn't ambiguous.
It's not thematically ambiguous.
No.
But the actual, like, what is actually going on here is.
Yeah.
And that's intentional, right?
Like, it could just be that he's singing at a concert and this is what he's seeing in his mind.
Yeah.
Right.
It could be that this is like a, I don't know, a fever dream.
It could be that he is actually out there and leading a fascist counterrevolution in the streets of London.
We don't know.
Right.
And that's what makes it so interesting.
Right.
Yeah.
Is he actually that same guy or is it?
Yeah.
Is it a reflection?
Like, this can go in a lot of different directions because it has so much abstract imagery in it.
But fucking Doug Walker does not understand abstract imagery.
He cannot parse it.
No.
And he admits that at the beginning of the film.
Right.
Film.
Oh, boy.
He admits that at the beginning of the video.
AJ is submitting his Letterboxd review.
This film.
No.
This is a cinema.
I think it is on Letterboxd.
I bet it better be.
This one is.
But he he he couches it with, I think.
Yeah.
Right.
He doesn't fully grasp what's going on.
But here's the thing, Doug.
Doug.
Hi.
I know you've listened to this point.
Hello.
He's not listening.
He doesn't care.
He doesn't care.
You don't you don't have to fully understand something to grapple with it.
Yeah.
Dismissing it out of hand because you call it pretentious is to quote something a little later in this video.
Lazy.
Yeah.
This whole thing feels so intellectually lazy while being so rigorously made.
And I don't understand it.
Constantly as you're speaking lazy.
It's hard to tell, but they are singing the word lazy.
There's a lot of H's being thrown in there.
It's lazy, but it's lazy.
And this is the big conclusion of this is the trial.
Yeah.
This is when it becomes.
This is so weird.
A porno.
But like one of those weird pornos where it's like where your dad pops up midway through.
This guy is like, that's not what I was talking about.
Oh, no.
We've all had that attitude.
Dad, I'm so sorry.
I know you're listening.
It's like if you've ever like watched a CPR video on YouTube and then you're like, wait a second.
This isn't exactly instructional now, is it?
And no one takes off their clothes.
Right.
But you know that there's something.
You're supposed to be beating on.
This is fetish content somehow.
Right?
Absolutely.
It feels it.
I'm so, so confused because.
So this.
So this is the part in the wall where everything.
Everything is animated.
Right.
You get this big, long sequence where like this is Pink's trial.
A screaming ass with balls for a chin.
Right.
Is hanging out over Pink and talking about all of the crimes that he has committed.
And then a snake with like a massive vagina for a mouth tries to devour him.
And like this is the cartoon representation of everything we have seen up until this point.
This is very clearly a representation purely of his own mental state.
Yeah.
Yes.
And it's this sort of Kafka trial.
Yeah.
Yes.
And in Doug, Doug Walker's wall in the nostalgia critics, the wall.
What we get instead is a bunch of animated characters talking about the animated characters
in the wall being lazy because there's no depth to them because they don't have pages
and pages of lore on a wiki about them.
There's a complaint that not enough of the movie is animated.
Yes.
And then like not the animated characters are not appealing enough.
It's like, yeah, because they're supposed to be hideous.
It's like, yeah, I remember seeing once I'll use a couple of examples.
There is an old guy on the Internet who's like, I have this damaged picture of my long
deceased wife.
I'd love to see if someone could restore it.
And a guy's like, here you go.
I've restored it for you.
And he's like, well, thank you.
And he's like, and now I've enhanced it.
And he like, not only Yassaf's her, but the guy who edits the picture is like clearly
from like the Arabian Peninsula.
And he like turns this guy's wife Arab as well.
Or like, I remember someone like talking about a cartoon character from something and they're
like, this is how you would make it better.
And then they just immediately turn it into furry art.
Well, and that's like, well, that wasn't designed to be furry.
And that's right.
Some people have artistic intentions that are about things that are not just I want everyone
to feel good looking at this, nor do I want everyone to feel hard slash wet looking at
this.
At one point.
And this animator wants everyone to be hard and wet all the time.
There is a dragon that shows up.
Yes.
A large, large dragon who's staring down Doug Walker to sing about how, you know, they weren't
really trying to tell a story here, so we can't judge it on those merits.
And it's like, what are you talking about?
He was very clearly trying to tell a story.
I don't even know if Doug Walker's writing the lyrics at this point or if this animator
guy and his league of introvert voice actors are all coming together to make this thing
and writing their opinions because it's like league of introverted voice actors assemble.
Is this something that Doug Walker beats off to?
Or is this like when you have your friend who's in burlesque and you see their show and
you're like, oh, actually, I'm not really that into putting needles in your vulva, but
you're my friend and you're very talented.
Yes.
I'm like, here's my talented friend making his animated sequence.
Here's what I'm going to say.
If you look in the background of a lot of Nostalgia Critic videos, current ones in his
office, there is a lot of fan.
There's a lot of art on the wall and some of it kind of steers towards this.
The horny.
The horny.
Yeah.
But I don't know.
Like the whole thing about the Fennick collaboration on this project is that who cares?
But also it's so hard to parse.
I'm so fascinated because it comes out of nowhere.
It's fascinating.
These animated characters do not resemble the Pink Floyd stuff at all.
Not even a little bit.
They are present earlier in Nostalgia Critic's The Wall.
They appear as shadows and they appear in doorways.
I miss that.
They're not the things from The Wall.
No.
They're just this one guy's things.
That's all they are.
Yeah.
I mean, Dan Olsen derails the whole video.
And this animator, I don't even understand who he is or what his source of revenue is
because all of his YouTube videos are like 15 second long animation tests.
It's unbelievably strange.
The most he's ever done is like The Wall.
And then he wrote a book, but that was like last year.
It's a self-published book that's all about the lore of his animated things that you fuck.
I don't even think he has a Patreon.
I don't know who he is, but he apparently has fans.
You know what he's doing?
You know what he's doing with these animations.
You know what he's doing?
Well, he's jacking off.
Well, he's doing that, but you know what else he's doing?
What's he doing?
Pandering like hell.
I guess he is pandering like hell.
Yeah.
Dan Olsen in his video, which again, we've talked about a bit.
You should just go watch it.
He theorizes that this entire thing based on how it shows up in the credits,
that this was basically produced completely separately from the rest of the thing
and written separately by this animator mostly.
Which is also why it's Doug Walker as Pink, the Pink character here.
Yes.
As opposed to Corey Taylor.
Corey Taylor.
Corey Taylor of Slipknot.
Yes.
I can pretty much guarantee you that it is not Doug writing the lyrics to this.
And the way I can prove that is something that I've been weaving throughout every clip
that we listened to thus far.
What have you done?
I can't believe you've fucking done this.
Ah, fuck.
There is a word that Doug Walker uses with alarming regularity.
Okay.
Lame.
Oh.
Hmm.
He says it in every one of the videos that we've covered and with such alarming regularity
that it appears in his lyrics.
Sure.
He can rhyme it with so many things.
The word lame does not show up at all in this sequence?
Not once.
Huh.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I think that's pretty strong evidence.
Or if it is, it's in such a strong British accent, I did not guess it.
Well, because also, rhetorically, this is so strangely different, too.
It makes sense that somebody who spends all of their time drawing weird 3D rat cat ladies
with big honkers you want to fuck.
And two different colored eyes.
Ooh.
Would then be very concerned about, like, oh, no, the characters in the wall didn't have
rich backstories.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It doesn't appear well.
The animated characters in the wall.
And they all have British accents, which no one else does in the rest of the wall.
And again, I just have, it's from the army of introverts.
This is what I call the fetish British accent.
I think that's all I really need to, I have more things I can say, but I won't.
You nailed it.
Yeah.
I think you got it in one.
Well, anyway, the trial is wrapped up, so let's wrap this thing up.
We're finally going to get the hot take from the Nostalgia Critic about the wall.
But that's it?
We're stopping there?
Well, yeah, the movie did.
I didn't even get a line.
Hell, I didn't even sing a song.
What'd you even think of the movie?
Well, the movie ended on such an open vagueness that it only makes sense that the review end
on such an open vagueness.
An open vagueness.
Yeah.
It's a review.
That's literally the opposite of what that is.
That's how I'm feeling, of course.
I liked it fine.
Yeah, me too.
A little full of itself, but good music and imagination.
Fair enough.
Yeah, Pink Floyd's The Wall concludes with children who are like playing in a bombed out
street.
And one of the children picks up a Molotov cocktail, takes the rag out and pours it out
on the ground.
Now, that might not be the most like.
That sounds like Anne Vagueness to me.
It's not Anne Vagueness.
Anne Vagueness is the new line coming out this fall.
Say it again, Josh.
That's not Anne Vagueness.
Anne what?
Vagueness.
Yeah, here we go.
Fuck you.
Anne Vagueness is the new line coming out this fall.
Vague.
Vague.
Vague.
Because you say bagel at this point.
You don't say bagel like other Bishikanders.
No, but it is vag.
Oh, God.
Oh, no.
I'm not giving you that pass, Josh.
You know what, Brian?
You know what you're doing?
You know what you're doing to me right now?
Am I, am I, am I, am I?
That's what you're doing.
Yeah.
People are going to be so mad at us that it's going to be in their heads forever.
Here's the thing.
I can't help it.
I can't help all the pandering.
Why is that?
Because I'm...
You're constantly at it being lazy.
After making the review must go on, you have the audacity to call the wall full of itself?
Well, it's pure projection.
This is what I was saying.
He identifies Roger Waters as first, foremost, and fundamentally a solipsist.
Yeah.
I believe in my core, after having watched all of this shit, that that's because he is afraid of himself on some level.
There is something about him and his inability to grow, change, or do anything meaningful because all he can do is pander to his audience.
Yeah.
He hasn't matured at all, like analytically or artistically.
Like...
No.
It's the same language.
Some of the style has gotten better because there's other people doing the job.
And the equipment has finally changed over the years.
But, like, he does the same thing.
So I watched, you know, his most recent Nostalgia Critic reviews.
I watched his most, most recent, you know, just Doug Walker talking about some things.
And his only way of analyzing stuff is, yeah, pretty much the old plot hole way of looking at things.
Right.
Sometimes he kind of brings up politics, but that's actually not his bag.
And I give him a lot of credit for that.
He's what you would establish as just being kind of center or whatever.
He wants the story to appeal to him.
And he wants everything to be about what the plot does more than style or anything else.
Right.
He wants to understand it.
Yeah.
I keep going back to that explain movie, explain, because The Wall refuses to explain anything to you.
And his main critique is that it's pretentious.
Exactly.
Like, it's not a movie.
There is one thing that he says, which I do agree with, that at the very beginning, that The Wall is a film that does not contain the least bit of subtlety.
That's absolutely true.
Yep.
Yeah.
Because it's opera.
But...
Like, that's what it does.
That's on purpose.
But it is, at times, ambiguous.
Yeah.
He cannot tolerate that ambiguity.
He absolutely refuses to.
It needs to be explained.
Why are the flowers moving?
Yes.
Why are the flowers having sex with each other?
Ironically, I have so many questions about his version of The Wall.
I am seeing that fucking hot rat cat lady with the eyes, and I'm like, what is this?
Explain this to me.
Yeah.
And he refuses.
So I guess, in that way, he did it.
He did The Wall.
So it ends with the SpongeBob SquarePants theme song.
Toward the beginning of the episode, and also throughout, one of the things that you have been saying is that you fear on some level that, like, Doug Walker is just you in some way, or you are just Doug Walker.
Yes.
And to be perfectly honest, after having watched all of this shit...
Yeah.
I don't understand that.
I don't understand how you could think that.
Sure.
I think that there are...
Well, you read my blog post.
What?
Oh, yeah.
Sure.
At some point, it's not even your blog post, though.
It's our blog post.
No, no, no, no, no.
But, like, it was such a long time ago.
That's not the person who's sitting here that we're talking to today.
Right.
Which, weirdly, the Doug Walker of 2008 is kind of the same guy.
Maybe not as a person.
I don't know how he lives his life.
I don't want to pass that kind of judgment on him.
No.
Right.
But the person on screen, the way that he...
Not just the persona that he puts forth, but the things that he writes, the way that he makes things...
Doug Walker as a creative, shall we say.
Is the same.
Yeah.
After all of these years...
Yes.
After a Trump presidency, after COVID-19, after Barack Obama took all of our freedoms...
That's right.
Like, he has come out of all of that roughly indistinguishable from who he was before.
Maybe fewer rape jokes.
And less hair.
Like, that's about it.
Which, that happens to all of us.
Been fucking there.
Sometimes we lose all the hair on top.
Sometimes we just lose hair on one side of our head.
From shingles.
I've been there, Doug.
I get what's going on there.
Yeah.
I mean, that's the thing about the most recent Nostalgia Critic stuff, right?
Is that he got shingles in 2023, and he's suffered from fatigue ever since.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And a lot of the appeal of the Nostalgia Critic, unfortunately, is his energy.
Was the amount that he was able to put into every single film.
Even when he was phoning it in, he could at least do sort of the Daffy Duck big stuff.
But it's just...
He just looks so tired.
These days.
And he had a cameo on Smiling Friends this last season.
Yeah.
Where he played Daniel the Demon Slayer.
Because, to the creators of Smiling Friends, the Nostalgia Critic is nostalgic.
Everything that happened in the review that must go on.
Everything that happened in the review must go on has come to pass.
Not only is Doug Walker nostalgic for the Nostalgia Critic, but we are nostalgic for the Nostalgia Critic.
And he's still got an audience.
And it's not hate watchers.
It's people who are...
No.
You know, he puts...
The numbers are down.
I want to be very clear.
Oh, no.
He's the wall.
He's not getting millions of views.
And the wall comments are very negative.
Yes.
Yes.
But, like, every week, puts out a Nostalgia Critic video.
That video gets over 100,000 views.
Yes.
Which is pretty good.
Right?
Like, that's still money that you're making.
The videos that he puts out daily get around 30,000 to 60,000 views.
Yes.
And he only does that for, like, one month, one or two months a year.
And so you think, like...
Oh, yeah.
Right.
But he does put out more than just the one video a week as Doug Walker.
And you add all those minutes up.
Like, that's still revenue.
That's still something that you can do.
And so, to his credit, he hasn't pivoted to being some, like, reactionary.
Yeah.
No.
He doesn't really give into that stuff, really.
He is firmly a both sides are bad and silly kind of...
Yeah.
Like, it doesn't quite go there as much as it's like, I just care about story.
Yeah.
And I don't really like getting involved in internet arguments.
Right.
People are tweeting, you know.
Yeah.
Like, it's something that he mostly likes to stay out of the fray of.
It is fascinating because the most recent Disneycember episode that was released where he just recaps things in the Disney catalog,
it's like 10 to 11 minutes of just talking about a movie.
Yeah.
The Acolyte and other stuff.
Yeah.
He just did Tom and Jerry the movie, a film that he did, God, I want to say in, like, 2009, 2010.
Yeah.
That is one I have seen.
Yeah.
It is one of, like, one of his original ones.
And it's a lot of him sort of waxing nostalgic on reviewing it for the first time.
And it was the first time where I went, oh, I think he might be done.
I think the fatigue has just gotten too much.
And I think he might actually fully retire this time.
I have no idea.
Yeah, we'll see.
In three years, it'll be the 20-year anniversary of him starting his very first video.
So, I just, I don't know if he's going to make it to 20.
I don't.
I just don't think the energy is left there.
But also, if that's the case, it's time.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let the Nostalgia Critic become nostalgic.
Well, look, we've got a lot of nostalgia for you, our listeners.
Not nostalgia.
I don't know what we have.
Well, no, you're all in the past.
Yeah.
We're the future.
You were our listeners.
Yeah.
We're recording this in the future, perpetually.
And in the future, no one eats pasta.
It's all rice.
Wow.
Really?
Yeah.
What other grain-based details can you give me?
Well, we also feel various fabrics as we eat for a sensory experience.
Those are my two facts about the Italian futurists.
Okay.
But in the future, we also use Patreon as our source of revenue.
Which is why you're listening to this episode right now, and we appreciate you for it.
If you just subscribed for the first time to listen to this episode, thank you for doing so.
We really appreciate it.
It is your support that allows us to keep doing this shit.
And if you would like to check out our back catalog, we got actually a lot more premium episodes that are to do with, like, web culture and, I don't know, the new media economy.
The one about apology videos I think is quite a bit of fun.
You might want to go check that one out.
I love that one, yeah.
Because it turns out a lot of apologies are...
And you know what?
Meanwhile, another apology video might have you go...
That's true.
That's so true, Brian.
Level one, good teacher.
Level one.
I wonder how that would sound on ukulele.
Only one way to find out.
But yes, thank you so much for supporting us.
And hey, it's editing Brian cutting in right now with something we forgot to mention at the end of this episode.
Which is that, of course, the year is ending.
And every year, we do a year in review episode.
That is one that is focused on you, our listeners.
You can call a phone number, which will go to a Google Voice account that we have.
And send us the messages that you want to send us.
And we will also be playing clips from previous episodes.
Over the course of this year, we had some great ones.
So that number is 1-347-857-9523.
Call that number.
I think it lets you leave like a two-minute message.
But the shorter, the better, honestly.
We have a lot to go through.
We do really love hearing from you in this direct way.
And if you are not a resident of the United States, and we have a lot of you who aren't,
you can just send a little voice memo to our email, worstofallpossibleworlds at gmail.com.
So again, that Google voice number is 1-347-857-9523.
Or you can send a voice memo to worstofallpossibleworlds at gmail.com.
And now I'm cutting back to the episode.
He what?
So Josh, you asked me before why I see myself in the Nostalgia Critic.
It's mostly because I have always feared that I won't know that the things that I make are bad.
Doug Walker very famously in an interview once said,
I might be making real shit stuff and I just don't know it.
And that has stuck with me and it has haunted me ever since.
I try my best not to get angry on this show.
Because I am afraid that I will sound like Doug Walker.
I have trouble finding the right words a lot of the time to make coherent sentences or to make sentences that make any sense whatsoever, just like Doug Walker.
And I work as hard as I do because I know that it would be so, so easy to just be lazy like his writing is.
And I could do it.
And that kid.
That kid that wrote that review way back in the day, you see the path he could have gone down.
You see the kid who would have made a Nostalgia Critic knockoff.
He could have been on that guy with the glasses even and embroiled in all of this.
He could have been in to boldly flee and been in the not so awesome document.
I see that whole life for myself.
And I'm so glad I didn't take it.
And I'm so glad I could be here with the two of you and become the critic I always wanted to be.
I've been thinking a lot about what it means to be a critic.
And how I approach criticism and how it can be different from bullying and going for the plot holes.
And I see Doug Walker do that when he's not the Nostalgia Critic.
I see him actively trying to like things and fall in love with things.
He doesn't have to make fucking content about it.
And I'm reminded of this quote.
I've been rewatching Lost.
Lost and 400 episodes of the Nostalgia Critic.
It's been a very weird time.
But there is a book that recently came out.
It's called Lost Back to the Island by Emily St. James and Noel Murray.
Two critics that I greatly, greatly respect.
And Noel Murray has a quote from it that I love.
And it was the first time where I was like, that's the kind of critic I want to be.
And I want to read it now because Doug Walker will not always be the Nostalgia Critic.
And if for some reason this finds its way to him, this is the kind of critic you should be going forward as well.
If I had to define the way I approach criticism, I'd say I play the believing game.
This doesn't mean I end up liking everything.
I've written plenty of pans in my life.
But I do always try to ask myself, what if I were a person who liked this?
Why might that be?
And sometimes when I'm imagining myself as that person, I talk myself into becoming it.
My name is AJ Diddy, and I remember the Nostalgia Critic.
So you don't have to.
I'm the worst of all possible, AJs.
I'm the worst of all possible, Bryants.
I'm the worst of all possible, Joshes.
We'll see you next week.
