Hello and welcome to another bonus episode of Kill James Bond.
I'm November Kelly, I'm joined as always by my friends Abigail Thorne and Devin.
Hey bitches!
It's girls night, it's the most girls night.
It's the most
It's the most
It's the most
It is.
Devin, thank you for an inspired choice of bonus episodes.
Yeah, this was actually genuinely, as always Devin, you choose films and I'm like, oh,
for fuck's sake, how are we gonna get anything out of this?
Knocked it out of the fucking park.
And then it's like, the most seminal feminist text of 1997.
Thank you, I had to make up for cruising one way or another.
This is Spice World, baby, we're talking 1997?
Seven?
97.
Spice World.
Yeah, Spice World, or every British prison after about 2015.
Spice World, or as they're calling it nowadays, Dune.
Arrakis!
Let's get that out of the way!
There we go.
I had it buried like three quarters of the way into the notes, I was gonna try and ambush
people with it.
It's fine, they'll forget.
They'll still be able to do it, I'm sure.
So, yeah, if you're not familiar with The Spice Girls, this is the movie that they
made of them.
For those who don't know, during the new labor years, The Spice Girls were a popular mass
movement that, while not formally part of the government, delegated a lot of governmental
talk, they were sort of like Hezbollah.
Yeah, in many ways.
I mean, listen, over in America, you spend all of your government money on giving, like,
Air Force guys mind-controlling drugs and seeing if they can, like, see Mars.
We spent it on getting together all the girls in England and choosing a band out of them.
They held open auditions for The Spice Girls.
Yes!
Yeah, this was a deep state project to create a girl group that would kind of, like, unify
the nation.
And it did.
And it did.
Well, unified many nations because The Spice Girls were, like, internationally hugely popular.
Cool Britannia.
Like, global.
Yeah.
They were a big part of it.
Anyway, as part of this phenomenon...
They were, like, critical national infrastructure.
For real, yeah.
Genuinely.
And so, as part of this, they made a movie.
I will say, in 2007, one poll ranked this as the worst British film ever made.
Wrong.
Oh, that's harsh.
It is currently sitting at 35% on Rotten Tomatoes.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, that's about right.
Listen, I have some thoughts about this and we'll get to them.
Yeah.
Yes.
We should introduce the Spice Girls, of whom there are five.
Of whom there are five, and three of them, Abby, can do a Pitch Perfect impression of.
I found this out pre-recorded.
Yeah, we'll get to that.
But, like, in 1997, this was pre-Financial Crash, so you could have, like, a girl band
with five members in.
This is the kind of ridiculously profligate thing that you couldn't do now.
Hard days for that, you'd have to go to, like, Korea or something like that.
But, yeah, but there were Mel, Emma, Mel, Jerry, and Victoria.
Mm-hmm.
It's also, it's really weird to see Victoria Beckham before she hit the big, become Victoria
Beckham.
Yeah, for real.
This is a, like, huge cultural output, but this is still a larval Victoria Beckham.
Like, she hadn't fully hit the big time yet.
Yeah.
So, just to run down the Spice Girls typology here, they each have, like, a code name,
like a personality.
Yes, yes.
So, we have Mel C, Sporty Spice.
Yes, she's a lesbian.
Mel B, Scary Spice.
Yes.
She's black.
I'm not clear why she's scary.
Emma, who, Emma Bunsen, who's Baby Spice.
Yes.
Because she's childlike and blonde.
Pinktails.
Victoria, who is Posh Spice.
Yep.
Self-explanatory.
There's so much to say about that, but yeah, keep going.
And then Jerry Halliwell, who is, oh, fuck, what was...
Ginger Spice, baby, because she's ginger.
Ginger Spice.
Thank you, yeah.
That's it.
Couldn't think of anything other than Ginger Spice.
Yeah, they got some ideas themselves.
Train spotting Spice.
Tell you what, what about Bricklayer Spice?
I sure hope she do.
Yeah.
But yeah, so, they're a girl group, and this is a movie in the mould of, like, A Hard Day's
Night, where the band are playing themselves.
Yes.
Yes.
And it's like a fictionalised version of, oh, I wonder what adventures the Beatles get up
to day to day.
Yeah.
What are the Spice girls up to?
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
So we open on them, the five girls doing a gig, and we meet a couple of characters who
are going to be important in the film, in addition to the five girls themselves.
Yes.
One of them is their manager, Clifford.
Yes.
I fucking love this guy.
Oh my god, baby girl.
We have so much to talk about Clifford.
Clifford, Stan Clifford, first of all.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is Richard E. Grant, an incredible casting choice.
Richard E. Grant, legendary English actor.
Yes, yeah.
Wearing, like, a soul patch and sideburns, and a succession of suits that appear to be
made out of...
You know the foil that Quality Street come in?
Yes.
Like those.
All single colour suits, we're talking purple jacket, purple tie, purple shirt.
Then he swims in a green, green jacket, green shirt, green tie.
He knows where his bread is fucking buttered.
He's got one that's just like all leather, he's got like a leather three piece suit.
I'm like, god, you must be fucking dying in that mix.
His first line, by the way, is...
I sense the vibes.
Which I just appreciate in and of itself.
I've got a great vibe sensor.
He's their manager, he is...
He's kind of a bit of a stick in the mud, he's very like, we've gotta be on schedule,
you've gotta work hard, you've gotta be professionals.
He's in contrast to the girls themselves who are like, we're just trying to...
Girls just wanna have fun.
Yeah, they're like flighty, cause like, one of the things that the Spice Girls did was
invent feminism with a heavy asterisk in Britain.
Yes, yeah, girl power as a phrase.
Was their slogan, yeah.
And girl power, we're not defining girl power, but I have a list of things that girl power is,
and we'll build to the definition.
Right now, one of the things that girl power is about is being yourself and having fun,
and mucking about.
That's number one.
Yes.
Absolutely, with a bullet.
Yes, yeah.
Like, number one and two, be yourself and have fun with it, number one.
Number two, muck about, right?
Yes.
Being on time, that's not girl power at all.
That's not girl power at all.
No, absolutely.
That's fucking stupid.
The other guy who we have here is a friend of the show,
and a guy I just went drinking with in Edinburgh a little while ago, Alan Cumming.
A guy I legitimately love to see.
Seeing his name in the credits, I have a homophobic slur to say.
You'll be in anything, Alan.
You'll be in Bellity World anything.
No, no, let's not do that.
I won't say it to him.
I will say about Alan Cumming, right?
I love him as an actor.
By his own account, this was his favourite film to work on.
I believe it.
And I think that speaks very well of Spice World, right?
It does.
Hell yeah.
Yeah, everyone seems to be having fun on the set of Spice World, I will say.
Yeah, like, sorry to turn this into guy I love to see our,
but that's kind of what the film is, right?
Yes.
Because there's, per The Telegraph's invaluable article,
it's not actually titled this, but it should be,
A People's History of Spice World.
Everybody in British, like British acting wanted a cameo in this, for a couple of reasons.
The Spice Girls were critical national infrastructure.
Yes.
Everyone else wanted a cameo in this, and actors move in herds, and they, like, a lot of them have kids who were very into the Spice Girls.
Bob Hoskins has a little cameo in this movie because his kids loved the Spice Girls and bullied him into doing it, like Raoul Julian, Street Fighter.
Hell yeah.
And I literally, I wrote this down in my notes, unpaused, and the next shot was Elton John.
Yeah.
So it's like this for an hour and a half.
So Alan Cumming is Pierce, who's playing, he's like a very posh video journalist.
There's so much, like, class media politics going on in this film.
Yes, yeah, but they don't let him use his real accent in this, but he's got this kind of, like, very posh accent, which is, frankly, a little bit activating.
I actually don't have it on the thing, but, like, he's this documentarian who's following them around and he's very pretentious, he's trying to get into their, like, their inner lives, there's a mean joke about that later.
Hmm.
But so, these are the two sort of supporting characters we're stuck with introducing.
We, incidentally, they get led out of the gig, and we get a curious detail, a curiously upsetting and realistic detail, which is, there aren't supposed to be any fans,
but because it's like, it's a hard day's night, there's like a ton of screaming fans outside, and paparazzi, and Richard E. Grant has to stop the paparazzi from upskirting the fucking Spice Girls.
Yes, yeah!
On the red carpet!
He says, not up the skirts, thank you very much.
There's a guy leaning over the barrier to the red carpet, holding his camera, like, at waist level, pointing upwards, and they're like, brother, stop, what are you doing?
It was not a criminal offence at the time they made this movie, or indeed until, like, a couple of years ago.
It was made a criminal offence in 2019, thanks to a campaign by writer Gina Martin, who I have met, who got this made illegal at considerable personal cost to herself and her career.
That's crazy.
Who, during her, because she was upskirted by a paparazzi photographer, discovered that it was not illegal, started a campaign to make it illegal, and was, you know, had fucking, like, threats and shit.
Wow.
And this was fought every step of the way.
Yeah.
And that was, in 2019, made illegal.
But until then, if you don't know, listeners, it was a practice of photographers, like, trying to take photos up women's skirts to, like, photograph their underwear.
Yeah.
And those would be sold to newspapers and published.
Like, I remember seeing in tabloid newspapers just, like, apropos of nothing, being like, here's, I don't know, Sienna Miller, or whatever, getting out of a car, here's a photo of her underwear.
And that was completely, like, if not normalized, then, you know, completely everyday occurrence.
And so the fact that this makes an appearance in this movie, it's, like, strange tonally, right?
Because this is, fundamentally, it's a movie, like, for kids, in large part.
Yes.
The Spice Girls were, like, largely popular amongst children and marketed to children.
But this is a very real thing that is, like, interposed in this movie, and you get a bit of whiplash from it, and you're like, oh, this is, this is sort of upsettingly real.
Yeah.
And I don't know that that would have been in this movie were it not for them, really, you know?
Yeah.
Because a large part of the kind of writing about this movie is about how, sort of, like, famously uncontrollable the Spice Girls themselves were, and everyone else having to try to, like, work around them.
And I'm like, I think that maybe does them a disservice, especially here.
Yeah.
Interesting.
So, we get them into the Spice Bus.
Yeah.
Who's the driver of the Spice Bus?
That's Meatloaf, baby!
That's Meatloaf!
What are you doing, Meatloaf?
It took me a couple of slices of the Meatloaf to realise that it was him.
Halfway in, we were like, oh my god, it's Meatloaf!
I think, because he looks good.
Meatloaf is looking like a butch that I'm trying to get to text me back.
Meatloaf is looking, like, healthy, which is weird.
Yeah, looking nice.
Getting along with a Vegloaf, they're calling him.
Looking alive, which is better than he looks now.
We should talk about the Spice Bus as well, because this being the era of Cool Britannia.
Yeah, let's fucking talk about the Spice Bus.
There's two things to discuss about the Spice Bus.
The exterior and the interior.
The exterior, it is a big double decker London bus, you know, but it's a big double decker London bus.
You know the type.
Coated, top to bottom, in a massive Union Jack.
That's cool now.
That's cool now.
Technically, it's only the Union Jack if the Spice Bus is at seat.
It's a Union flag.
But, like, if you saw that bus roll up now, you would assume whoever was inside it was the most racist person you've ever met in your entire life.
We made, like, this is the thing, I say we.
It's gotta be.
Cool Britannia.
Yeah, yeah.
That's the Nigel Farage in there.
Doors will open on the far right.
Yeah, for real.
Cool Britannia was part of this attempt to establish a cool progressive centre-left patriotism, where it's actually kind of cool to be British, if you ignore all the terrible things that we did, which we're not going to apologize for.
No.
And the sort of logical consequence of that is now the entire country is Hitler.
We're all coated in Hitler particles.
We're all downstream of this.
Pierre Starmer is, like, desperately trying to reinvent the Spice Girls.
Can you imagine if we had, like, a real casting call for all the working class people, we're making Spice Girls 2, we're doing it, we're gonna make Spice Girls 2.
Maybe, just maybe, it could fix everything.
I don't know.
I think so.
I think the power of friendship and girlhood could fix things.
The bus also has a massive peace sign on the back, and friend of the show, my beautiful wife Rebecca, was theorizing that that was trying to, like, offset the fucked vibes of the entire rest of the bus.
Not two historically co-located things, I will say.
Yeah.
Also, extremely funny to be doing that, like, in the run up to the Iraq war, which would be happening within a decade.
We'll get there soon.
Yeah.
It's bigger on the inside.
It's a TARDIS.
It's a fucking TARDIS.
Yeah, they've got a TARDIS.
They all have their little areas, so like, Mel C can lift weights and not text me back.
Mel B can, like, try on all of her boots.
Yeah.
Victoria has a little mini runway.
Yeah.
It's...
Cause she's the fashion one.
What we have here is a mobile Spice command center, right?
Yes.
No attempt.
It is road mobile to preserve a second Spice capability.
It's a studio.
Yeah.
It's like a soundstage that they're filming.
Absolutely.
No attempt is made whatsoever to match the internal with the external dimensions of a bus.
Yeah, that's really cute.
Just, I'm so glad that they didn't even bother.
I love that.
It's camp.
Yeah.
Did you also notice on the inside of the door that opens up is a little thing that says maximum capacity five girls.
Yes!
On the door.
Fantastic.
A word about the bus itself.
The bus itself was found abandoned in a Gloucestershire dump.
Was refurbished, which really feels like a metaphor for Britain.
But it gets better, right?
Because then...
Before the film or after?
After, after.
Oh wow.
But then, it was refurbished and is now an Airbnb.
If you wanna go to the Isle of Wight, you can stay in the Spice bus and have a miserable night on like the inside of a refurbished bus.
Kill James Bond live show.
We're gonna have to buy this Airbnb and roll up to the Kill James Bond next live show in the Spice bus.
I need the Spice bus desperately.
It's temporarily closed.
I wanna have the Victoria, because we've delayed doing this, but obviously, obviously I'm Posh Spice.
Yeah, obviously.
Obviously.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
One dreads to imagine the things that that Spice bus has seen in its life.
Yeah.
What the hell am I?
A decent part of this movie is just shots of the Spice bus driving around London, and my note for this just says, God, London used to look shit.
It still does, but it used to, too.
It looks shit-er.
I don't wanna be...
Yeah.
Like, see in like 1997 London, you're kinda like, wow, that almost looks like a real city I could move to and have a good time there.
Yeah, you could buy a house here for like a hundred thousand pounds or something.
Yeah.
Cool, Britannia.
Yeah.
And on the way, they make fun of Victoria for her poshness.
Yeah, specifically Mel C does.
She hits her with, must be hard to decide what to wear, the little Gucci dress or the little Gucci dress.
Throughout this, she is wearing like a tank top, Donna Karan sweatpants and is lifting like free weights.
Get her ass.
I love Mel C.
Favourite Spice girl, hands down.
Well, Brooke, no argument.
That's fair.
No, you're right.
They really do Victoria dirty in this because Victoria throughout this whole film is just an absolute fucking cow.
She's so rude and mean and like nasty to be around.
I'm like, why do they allow her to be around?
Like, if I was her and saw the final cut of this film, I'd be like, can you write me like, she must have had some redeeming qualities and they wouldn't have let her be in it.
Can I retake all of this?
Like...
This is the part where we find out that this was like largely unscripted and she just volunteered that.
I don't believe that because I can tell that it's scripted because they cannot act.
They can't...
Yes.
That's true.
That is true.
And that's fine.
You don't have to act.
I will also say, Baby Spice, her side of the bus, she has a swing set and a bunch of stuffed animals and it's like...
Yeah.
On the one hand, this is adorable, but on the other hand...
Lowly Spice?
Exactly, right.
We're playing into some nasty things here.
Yeah, Baby Spice.
Non-spice?
Like, a Feebophile Spice.
Exactly, the kind of cynicism of, well, we're gonna kind of create a girl group with the five kinds of girls that people in Britain like.
One of them has to be coded as a child.
Right.
Yeah.
Posh, sporty, child, ginger, and non-white.
Those are the kinds of women.
That's all the kinds.
Yeah.
That's it actually, yeah, no, they nailed it.
They nailed it with sporty, to be honest with you.
So shout out to Baby Spice, the inventor along with Vladimir Nabokov of sexy baby voice.
A thing I hate.
Yeah.
I collaborated on that.
I tried to think about that collaboration.
Actually, that would have been fucking amazing.
Like, Vladimir Nabokov ex-Spice Girls would have been phenomenal.
He would have fucking hated it too.
But anyway, they go and we have to introduce the ticking clock of the film, which is that there's gonna be a live Spice Girls show.
Oh shit, the first ever one.
Next week.
Yeah.
The first live gig.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
Because Albert Hall, very famous menu.
Yes.
Jonathan Ross gets a cameo where he introduces them.
Hello, my name's Jonathan Ross, I used to be best friends with Russell Brand, which was ironically very bad for mine.
Jonathan Ross, here he is, boys.
They each get to speak a bit of a foreign language, and...
Okay, translating Spice Girls as Chicas Picantes is funny.
Yeah, very funny.
But what's funnier than that is Baby Spice fully hitting the first in Oriental languages from Cambridge.
With...
And Konnichiwa, Mushi Mushi, Domaragato goes on.
Beautiful.
A true international phenomenon, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And this is being watched by a pair of directors, a pair of writers, right?
Yes.
Two Americans.
Two American writers who want to make Spice World.
That's their character.
It's interestingly meta-textual.
Yeah, these guys represent the kind of force that tries to draw celebrity into movies, I guess.
Like, these guys are there like, look how popular they are, what if we made Spice World the movie?
You know the joke about how Itchy and Scratchy comprise a dramaturgical dyad, right?
Yes.
Alan Cumming and these two Americans comprise a dramaturgical dyad, and like the joke about Itchy and Scratchy comprising a dramaturgical dyad, this is a script writer going entirely up their own ass and being like, well, it's about writing about writing.
Yes.
You know?
The movie is a dialectical synthesis of these two things.
Yes.
Yeah, you're right to position these two guys as in opposition or kind of like in tandem with Alan Cumming's character.
Yeah.
Because there seems to be this kind of recurring theme that the media, in quotes, is in some sense inauthentic or self-interested or does not understand the essence of Spice.
Yes.
Spice Girls.
They don't get it because they're trying to make it more than it is.
And what it is, is it's just a bit of fun.
Let's go, pal.
So there's this really interesting like class and establishment media dynamic as the Spice Girls are positioned simultaneously as being outside of like mainstream media represented by Alan Cumming and these movie producers, but at the same time as a kind of global popular phenomenon, like very much was part of the establishment media.
It's very, they're like constantly presenting themselves as an underdog.
Yeah.
And I'll have more to say about this later when we get to the cafe scene.
Yeah.
These two Americans, one of them, the producer says rhetorically, you know, did anyone care
if Marilyn Monroe could act, right?
Mm-hmm.
And this is an interesting kind of shared social position being asserted here, right?
Because even like today, even today people involved in that movie will talk about it in terms of like, well, obviously, of course, they can't act and are stupid.
And it's like, I feel like this is a, doing a bit of a disservice both to Marilyn Monroe who could act, but also to the Spice Girls, right?
Yeah.
To be like, this is, this is just kind of, they just liked having fun, they were impossible to control.
Mm-hmm.
And it's like, well, hold on a second.
So like, this, this is a strange thing to assert about them.
And it seems that the movie really goes out of its way to be like, well, you know, obviously we know that they're stupid, but you know, just have some fun with it.
Yeah.
I think Jerry Halliwell's the strongest actor of them.
Yes.
Yeah.
I mean, they have bits and pieces here.
I wasn't going to rank them by acting ability, but Jerry is absolutely top.
Yeah.
So, so Richard E. Grant has to continue managing them.
Yeah.
Yes.
And in order to do this, he has to get on the phone with...
Music Blofeld.
Yes.
Old Roger Moore.
Roger fucking Moore.
Music Blofeld.
David Geffen?
David Geffen was never this cool.
So, Roger Moore speaks in cryptic aphorisms.
All his stuff is shot in the same location, presumably they bang that all out in a day.
Yep, yep, yep.
He is speaking into a transparent Perspex phone, which is cat.
Yeah.
He's holding a little cat and stroking it in the scene.
He is reading from the sayings of the old masters, every time he talks to them he's rolling a D100.
And the joke is that it's completely like, inscrutable to Richard E. Grant, he has no idea what he's saying, but he's like forced to act on it.
He's like, when the watermelon hits the walls, it's a feast for the pigeons or something like that.
Like, every line is this.
Yeah.
They go to another gig.
We see an alarmingly young Jules Holland.
Yeah, we do.
Really?
Oh shit, that is Jules Holland, right?
It's so weird to see Jules Holland and realize how people thought he was ever cool.
Like...
Yeah, I was just like, is that like discount Brad Dourif?
And then I'm like, wait, no, it's Jules Holland!
I'm used to Jules Holland as this kind of like bloated presence who goes to whatever those popular musicians of that year and goes, is it okay if I do a boogie woogie piano cover of it on New Year's?
If I've gone to your head, you are forced to be like, yes, that's fine Jules.
Fine.
If you're not British, then you don't know who Jules Holland is, don't worry.
If you're not British, you're listening to the fucking Spice World episode of Kill James Bond.
Like, this is gonna be happening, alright?
This is a key British cultural...
This should be on the fucking Life in the UK test.
This isn't fucking for you, if you're not British and you don't know what we're talking about.
Life in the UK test!
No, I feel exactly the opposite.
I love migration, get the fuck in here, bitch, but you have to watch Spice World.
Like, I'm never gonna impose...
Question one on the British Life in the UK test is...
What's Jules Holland's deal?
Name the Spice Girls, link them up.
I'm never gonna, like, impose requirements in terms of, like, you know, English language or anything like that,
but I am gonna impose a having-watched Spice World requirement, and that will be enforced rigorously.
Yeah, from now on, you can't listen to the rest of the podcast if you haven't seen Spice World.
Yeah.
I really do like Richard E. Grant in the Spice Girls NASA control room when he's talking to Roger Moore.
It's all, like, fucking silver quilting on all of the walls and things like that.
Yeah.
Very cool.
By the way, Emma is wearing a girl power shirt on stage, so we can now kind of...
We're beginning to articulate girl power, which is not feminism, but is something like feminism,
in that it involves women having fun and doing things.
Yes.
At this point we need to meet the Spice Girls friend.
This is my favourite fucking character.
Oh, you'd hate to be the fifth Spice...
The fifth Beatle?
The sixth Spice Girl?
Is this what- I've just got a question, Martin, is she, like, real?
Is she-
I don't know.
I think she's just their, like, collective best friend.
Yes.
Because they needed one for the plot of the movie, and they were like, we can't have five.
Who is not a celebrity, she's just a normal lady.
She's normal.
We see in a flashback that they all grew up together.
They hang out together.
They were hanging out, the five of them wrote, like, the first song together and she was also present.
Really fucked up, actually.
Yeah.
But never- isn't musical, it's just a normal-
Yeah.
Fascinated by the Spice Girls' friend, Nicola.
Nicola is pregnant, like, heavily pregnant, like, overdue pregnant.
Yes.
Yeah, a week overdue, and I'm like, you gotta induce that baby.
She's like, walking around.
All of the best babies were induced.
And the Spice Girls are like, alright, fuck Jules Holland.
I'm not gonna do a boogie-woogie cover of this song.
I'm gonna go and like-
Because a key part of Girl Power is like-
Giving you everything, I believe.
Going and doing what you want, rather than acting to, like, a schedule.
Yes.
Being on time, not Girl Power.
Being on time is not Girl Power.
Hanging out with your friends, Girl Power.
Yes.
Being pregnant, that's Girl Power.
While they're doing this, Alan Cumming is sort of like monologuing to his camera crew
about how the role of the documentarian, and he's being very pretentious about this, is
to kind of like, see their inner lives, their collective subconscious.
And there's a rather nasty joke here, because the cameraman goes, I think we're gonna need
a longer lens.
Yeah.
That's- it leaves a bad taste in my mouth, because this is the film that you had made
about them, in order to advance them as a project.
And one of the things you're doing in it is- oh, by the way, they don't have interiority.
No.
Like, that's-
No.
And that's not required for Girl Power either, you know?
No, no, no, no.
Not at all.
God, no.
I mean, one of the opening credits to this is based on an idea by the Spice Girls and Kim
Fuller.
And I've gotta assume everything that's, like, rude about the Spice Girls was Kim, right?
Yes!
Yeah, literally.
In this Telegraph article, there's largely a thing about how Kim Fuller being terrified
of them, and kind of like, having to write around the fact that they were, you know...
I'm actually not sure.
We can check.
No, I've checked.
Kim's a boy.
Interesting.
Yeah, yeah.
So he's the brother, wow.
Of Simon Fuller.
There you go.
That makes a lot of sense.
Oh, okay.
The guy who invented S-Club 7.
Anyway.
He's trying to discredit Girl Power.
There's a line that he says in this Telegraph article, I knew that if I'd given them a
script each, not all of them would have read it.
Some of them would have half read it, some of them would have not liked it, it would have
been a mess.
So I got them a hotel in London, they were all very silly and all over the place, and
you couldn't get them together for more than five minutes.
Anyway, we got them together for a couple of hours, and I went in and said, look, turn
your phones off, this is serious, I'm going to read you a story.
And it took him an hour and a half.
It's like, this is by the way, the next thing in this interview is Mel C denying any memory
of this happening.
Come on, man.
Interesting.
Yeah, I don't like that at all.
It's, yeah, it's like, curious, the power relation here.
Yeah.
At this point we got our first fantasy sequence, because Nicola says, what if you lot had kids?
I mean, you do like a wibbly screen fantasy sequence.
Oh, 1990s retrofuturism.
This is quite funny.
Yeah.
This is quite charming, because you're just leaning into the, like, persona for each of
them.
So it's a flash forward to themselves as parents.
They're all mams.
Yes.
They're all in one, like, front room in, like, a northern house.
Like, with, like...
I love that Mel C is wearing the shell suit.
Clothes lines.
I love that Mel B is wearing Kente cloth.
The full Kente get up on Mel B, yeah.
Yeah.
The funniest thing is the kind of...
It's like almost comically hubristic to be, like, you know, spicier even than the gods.
This idea of us getting old is ridiculous, right?
That's crazy.
The funniest part, the funniest fucking part is Victoria Beckham in the kind of flash forward
and they made her into this kind of glamorous, like, old Hollywood diva.
Meanwhile, like, 20 years later, Victoria Beckham looks the same.
Exactly.
The fucking same.
We invented women not being allowed to age, so this just never came to pass.
Sorry.
Yeah, we're gonna have to wait another hundred years for Victoria Beckham to look like that.
She's gonna be like an incorrupted corpse.
She's gonna die at the age of 90 and look exactly the same.
Yeah, I'm looking at pictures of her in 2019 right now, wow.
Yeah, Catholics are gonna get weird about it.
Yeah.
Goddamn.
But this fantasy sequence goes nowhere, it doesn't really advance the plot or anything,
it just serves as a kind of...
Yeah, it's just some Spice Girl bits.
It's kind of like a sketch.
Doing bits as girl pal.
I will note Alan coming in the scene is just muttering BAFTA BAFTA BAFTA BAFTA to himself
over my window, which I really...
I fucking love Alan coming in this.
He's really good.
We now have to go to the headquarters of a tabloid newspaper.
The Daily...
Yes, not a real one.
No.
The Daily Event, which should be the Hearts of Iron 4 newspaper, to be clear.
This is clearly like Rupert Murdoch, right?
Because he's like...
Well, it's two guys.
It's Rupert Murdoch and it's Calvin McKenzie.
Yes.
Hang on, I'm trying to find news.
Who the fuck is Calvin McKenzie?
Calvin McKenzie is the editor of The Sun.
He is still active on Twitter, being the worst cunt alive.
He's the guy behind the Hillsborough front page, if you were curious.
Oh.
He's like, absolute...
If you wanted to put a finger...
Like, one guy making Britain measurably worse?
Calvin McKenzie, by far, is one of the best arguments you could advance.
And so you have this newspaper editor, Kevin McMaxford, who is also Australian, which I assume is
a Murdoch dig.
Yeah.
Yes, certainly.
This is just Barry Humphries and fucking Jason Fleming having a great time on their own in
a room.
And all of these scenes are just those two characters, so again, we assume they just
sort of banked out in like a day.
Just cracked that out.
Yeah.
They're having so much fun in there.
Yeah.
They're just doing their sort of back and forth.
And Barry Humphries, your like Rupert Murdoch character is like, listen, who gives a shit
if they're selling another fucking sellout tour?
All right.
Who cares if they like climb Everest on the back of a llama?
Do you know what's fucking good?
Do you know what's good newspaper?
Spice Girls fall out.
And it's like right in on his face.
And he's like spitting.
Oh, the vibe that spitted this is horrible.
Spice Girls Geek cancelled.
They're cancelled.
The whole time it's coming back to Jason Fleming who's making like cum faces at these.
Like, oooh.
Yeah.
It's really good.
Spice Girls break up.
Yeah.
So they conspire to tear the Spice Girls down out of jealousy.
Yeah, for like clicks.
We know that like tabloids absolutely conspire to do this shit.
Yeah.
And you could never go wrong by making your villains British tabloid journalists.
No, not at all.
Yeah.
I also really enjoy as a piece of set dressing.
Jason Fleming.
The one background thing in McMaxford's office is a framed front page of just a guy and the
headline just says 15 years.
Yeah.
Just...
Baffling.
Baffling.
Baffling.
Yeah.
They have a lightning storm in the office that like rains on them.
It's really funny.
Yeah.
Now we get some more Spice Girls bits where they hang out in the Spice Bus.
This movie like structurally is a mess, right?
Yeah.
It's a collection of scenes.
And that's fine.
Yeah.
Here's a clip that sort of sells what they're up to whenever they're not doing something.
I don't get it.
Why do people stereotype us all the time?
And that's just sort of what they're up to.
They're just sort of doing like, oh, we're stereotypes, et cetera, et cetera.
They have this discussion about how like Baby Spice has a cute smile so she can get away
with anything.
We have another fantasy sequence in which Hugh Laurie is playing her cute quarrel.
Yeah.
This is before he moved to America and hit the big become Hugh Laurie button.
Yeah.
But yeah, he's there.
I will also note in this scene, Mel C is wearing an England shirt in a way that is pretty fucking
gender, but also very dated, cool Britannia stuff.
Mm-hmm.
Meanwhile, across town, Richard is very gender in this whole movie.
Oh, tell me about it.
Yeah, Richard E. Grant is meeting with the two fucking writers.
Yeah, and one of them gets to hit him with, uh...
We're cooking here!
Yeah, I got it.
We're cooking here!
I assure you, sir, you are not.
You are not cooking.
Stone cold.
They're pitching various Spice World movies to him, and every one of these you just get
what would now be a perfect meme.
Like, this movie came out too early for this, but you get a shot,
like, it's the same shot every time of him sitting there in the suit completely stonewalling
this in the weirdest glasses you've ever seen, these Oakley sunglasses.
Yeah.
It's supposed to be the cover-up very badly.
It's...
I will probably.
Maybe him with his thumb up.
The shitty man looking like you've just surfed him a bite of microwave shit!
Shit!
It's really ahead of its time, like, linguistically, this movie, because we get both...
Yeah!
I sense the vibes!
And...
Like, that's very 2020s.
It's time for a critical reappraisal of Spice World.
I've been saying.
Yeah, we're doing it now.
That's what we're doing!
I'm going to be citing Judith Butler later on.
Amongst, also, celebrity studies, a fascinating field of philosophy that, like, I haven't been
able to talk about ever before.
But anyway, they discuss how they feel penned in by their images.
Victoria has a funny joke where she says, I don't like just being associated with fashion
all the time.
And she's, like, posing like a model as she says this, which is quite good.
And they said, we need new characters, we need to shake it up a bit.
Yeah.
So they do this photo shoot sequence.
Yeah, adding to the list of things that are girl power, dressing up with your friends.
Yes.
Like, there aren't enough things that are just an excuse to dress up with your friends
as part of an elaborate series of references.
That's why we do the live shows.
Yes, no, that's absolutely why we do the live shows.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They also try on each other's vibes.
Jerry Halliwell gives one of the, like, the sort of lines of the movie, which is,
That's enough, I should do our own thing.
Right.
Again, that's sort of like what they're going for.
And I think Jerry says that about twice during this.
It's meant to be a photo shoot.
Dominic West is there with a marmier medium format.
Yeah.
This movie would kill on Cinetoon Erdol.
Like, every British actor was fucking in this.
Yeah, fucking would.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dominic West you may remember from Johnny English.
Johnny English Stripes again.
Johnny English Stripes again.
Johnny English Stripes again.
Uh huh.
I think Johnny English Stripes...
No, the second one.
Johnny English 2.
Yeah.
Reborn.
Reborn.
I don't remember.
They do this series of photo shoots where they do each other, which is really fun.
Uh, like, so you get, like, Posh Spice doing Sporty Spice.
That was very funny.
It's charming.
And they also do a bunch of references.
Charlie's Angels is in there.
There's also...
Yeah.
Wonder Woman.
Complete with Mel C doing Danny from Grease cross-dressing.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
In a way that is, frankly, like, gender.
It's remarkable.
Mm.
Yeah.
Mm.
Don't...
Mm-hmm.
It's funny that, like, being the sporty type, being the outdoor type was a 60s euphemism
for lesbianism.
Yeah, right.
I'm not...
You know what, actually, I'm not gonna say that out of that.
I feel like she's not the lesbian out of Spice World.
I don't remember who it was.
She's the incipient trans-mask of Spice World, is what Mel C is.
I keep getting sniped by, like, shots of her as Danny from Grease.
I mean, I'm assuming all the Spice Girls kiss at least once, obviously.
I would hope so, yeah.
Because you would, wouldn't you?
Mm.
What do they do?
Victoria does Bond Girl, complete with the accent, and the thing is that...
Because I like this kind of self-deprecating stuff.
What she does is the gems, Mr. Bond kind of accent, and then drops it for her real, incredibly
Essex accent, which she has since shaved the harder edges off.
Yeah.
And just goes, oh, do you want it shaken or stirred?
Yeah.
Which is just really good.
I've just written the past is a foreign country, like, three times.
Yeah, it's true.
You can't go back.
You cannot go back.
You actually can't.
I was here for that.
I was alive for this.
I was like a child when this movie came out.
I believe I was one year old when this movie came out, so...
I hadn't been born yet and would not be born for another ten years.
Yeah, you weren't even a sparkle in your father.
I, being old as fuck, was old enough to know who the Spice Girls were, even, and know
that they were four...
That's crazy.
...know that they were four girls as well, which is interesting.
Ah, there were five girls.
Well, exactly.
So, now I can go back and be like, oh, you can't go back.
Ginger Spice launches a fucking fact about manta rays, which just straight up isn't true,
by the way, just not true at all.
Or ginger spices are fueled by autism in their own unique way.
You know, manta rays are the biggest fish, and it's like, that's not true, and that wasn't
true even when you wrote that line.
Yeah.
Wikipedia didn't exist yet.
I was like, maybe they hadn't discovered the whale shark, but they had.
They had.
Yeah, I feel like it'd be pretty hard to miss on account of being the biggest fish.
You'd think.
Back at the Sun's offices, they hire a paparazzo, and I love this fucking guy.
Yeah, Mark Strong.
They get a kind of dark photomancer.
They do, yeah.
I really love this guy.
You spotted who this was, right?
Oh, God, I've got it written down here.
It's fucking Richard O'Brien, isn't it?
This is Richard O'Brien!
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is like Rocky Horror Picture Show Richard O'Brien!
The fucking riffraff from Rocky Horror is here!
Like, yes, I will take photos of the Spice Girls for you now.
This movie correctly identifies that all photographers are perverts, right?
But this one is also a pervert with magical powers.
Yeah, I love this guy.
That's the worst kind of pervert!
Appears in the room with them, and like, Robert Maxwell's like,
how do we know he's good?
And he just goes like, here's you this morning sniffing your sock before you put it on.
Here's you picking your nose in the elevator.
Here's you behind the bike shed in year 11.
He's like, he's good!
Yeah, it's really funny!
And then he just like, disappears, and they're like, ooh!
It's really good.
So the Spice Girls have to go to a party.
Jennifer Saunders gets a cameo as Da Fashion Sued, who gets like, owned by Victoria.
Again, we are portraying the establishment media world as inauthentic fake snobs.
Yes.
This will become important.
She actually nails London art woman.
Yeah.
Because Jennifer Saunders, she's a really good actor.
Because Vic asked her a question about manta rays or something like that, and she's like,
uh, manta ray, yeah, no, I love his collection.
These glasses are actually manta ray.
Which is really funny.
At this point, we see Emma explains girl power, actually it might be Jerry, I don't remember,
but one of them explains girl power.
Jerry was the one who girl power got the most associated with, I believe.
So I think it was Jerry.
Jerry explains girl power to a guy.
Yeah.
The joke here, so she's saying, and this is interesting, is our definition of girl power,
it's not as if we want to be threatening to a man's masculinity, or dominating, but...
And so those are the concessions of girl power as a form of feminism, right?
Yes.
There's an interesting thing that happened in British feminism in terms of waves, right?
Mm-hmm.
And then a subsequent rad femme backlash to that.
You can see a great example of that backlash in Ariel Levy's book Female Chauvinist Pigs,
but there was a lot of, like, enthusiastic female endorsement of things, like glamour models, even.
Yeah.
Of being like, well this is just about having fun and being yourself.
Uh, and it was this sort of like strange thing of threading the needle of being things like, you know, sex positive, or even just fun positive, right?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
And it was like, you know, the fact that you were just trying to be like, you know, the fact that this was being sold to you by the most coked out men imaginable.
Mm-hmm.
Yes.
And it never really kind of got over those contradictions.
And if you're asking the questions now of like, why is British feminism like that?
Why is it the way that it is?
This is part of the answer, right?
Mm-hmm.
Is that we had this kind of thing of pretending that we didn't really need feminism, what we needed was girl power.
Yeah.
And that was the only route in which you were able to enjoy wearing high heels, for instance.
Yep.
And then you had this like, consequent backlash to this where it was like, oh, these like ladettes or whatever.
Mm-hmm.
I do think this film is part of an anti-feminist backlash.
Yeah.
And I will stake this out even more firmly later on at the conclusion of the film.
Listen.
I think it's a co-option of things that could have otherwise been feminist and deliberately like, siloing them into things that, you know, are patriarchal, right?
Because, you know, we're not going to come out against having fun with your friends and dressing up, right?
Yeah.
That's not a thing where...
No, that's actually our bread and butter.
Yeah.
And the fact that this film about feminism is like, no fun.
I am going to come out very strongly against what this film says about girl power at the conclusion.
Yes.
Yes.
That's my point, is that it picks you up and it takes you on that journey.
Also, I wasn't finished with this.
Because the joke here, and I think that this is kind of perceptive as a bit of like screenwriting in itself, is that she's pitching him on this shit.
Where it's like, it's not threatening.
And it's like, it's cool, it's fun, it's a relaxed time.
And this guy is terrified of her, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, the whole time he's so nervous.
It's like, weirdly, that's a little bit like incisive, I think.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Look, on Caladan we ruled through land power and sea power, but on Spice World we have cultivate girl power.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Thank you.
So Richard O'Brien is here.
Yeah, Richard, they do Bob Geldof's hair, and then whatever, don't worry about it.
Yeah.
So Alan Cumming asks the girls if they like boys, and Jerry says, is the Pope a Catholic?
And Richard O'Brien records this.
I will say, Mel C's answer is boys doesn't ring a bell, legend.
Absolute legend.
Yeah, and Vic's answer to like, boys you should be able to like, order them like pizza.
Vic chimes in with this.
Yeah, right, I'll have a deep pan, six foot, green eyes, peri loafers, and no socks.
Yeah.
Explain yourself, Vic, what are you talking about?
Curious, curious.
What is that, a pair of loafers and no socks?
Six foot, pair of loafers, no socks, interesting.
I can't think of anything else.
You can see the kind of, the contours of girl power again here, of like, what if we objectified
men for a change, wouldn't that be fun?
Yeah, their collective best mate, by the way, rolls up and names all of them Godmother.
Yep.
And then she has a little interaction with someone who comes over to her after all the Spice girls...
Neil Malarkey!
Neil Malarkey, the penis pump guy from Austin Powers!
Neil Malarkey comes over and has a chat with her and it goes like this.
Hi, I'm Barnaby.
Oh, hi.
So are you part of the Spice phenomenon?
No, I'm just nobody.
Oh.
And then she kind of sadly walks out of the scene.
And I'm like, what are you trying to tell me right now, Spice World?
Yeah, this never goes anywhere.
No, it doesn't, it doesn't touch it!
She's just kind of like, nobody and doesn't matter.
Yeah.
If you're in the Spice Girls, Neil Malarkey will try and flirt with you.
Yeah.
Crazy.
So this comment is the Pope of Catholic is recorded by Richard O'Brien and it's then written up in the papers as the Spice Girls being dumb, basically.
Like, oh, they question the Pope's Catholicism and this becomes a kind of like fake backlash, basically.
Yeah.
Like they like TV interview, TV, by the way, real Peter Sissons, actual Peter Sissons on the TV.
Yeah.
British newsreader.
Richard Breyers, who, sorry, forget that.
They get like a guy on who's like, I'd like to know what their fucking evidence is.
And it's so funny because like that kind of backlash has only become more real.
Yes!
Like over time it's only, only more, more real is this fucking, is the Pope Catholic all over the front pages instantly.
It's so good.
It's a movie that has aged, I think, very well in some ways.
Yeah, remarkably so.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Um, terribly in others, but in a couple of ways.
Mm.
Engaging the kind of like, you know, landscape of British media, it has correctly identified that there was a lot of scope for this kind of thing.
Mm-hmm.
So now we have to go to Italy and bump the cultural insensitivity score up.
Yeah.
Yeah, this is odd.
So this is a live performance, first of all.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, it is.
Let's just go ahead and put that on the, on the cards.
Yeah.
Odd to say that Albert Hall is going to be their first live gig when this is live.
But anyway, so they're rehearsing for this gig in Milan, and then these backup dancers come out, they're all buff dudes in like tiny little speedos.
Yeah.
And they object to this on the grounds that it's tacky.
They're like, hard stop the gig.
Yeah.
Yeah, they object to this on the grounds that it's tacky.
Mm.
Really, really funny for Victoria Beckham to be like, no, this is tacky as well.
This is way too much for me.
But, but so she, Richard E. Grant then gets in a fight with the Italian promosor or producer.
Yeah.
Who is, well, he's, he's, yeah, exactly.
He, he does, it's Italian American discrimination.
Not even Italian American, it's Italian Italian discrimination.
The real Italian Americans.
Yeah.
It's very odd that he's portrayed as like inappropriate or sleazy or, yeah.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
I don't, I don't have the drops, but like, just trust me on the accent, the body language,
the like talking with your hands.
Yeah.
It's like, what are you talking about?
It's so beautiful.
It's like, what, what are we saying here?
It's like, they're looking so good.
Richard E. Grant, Richard E. Grant gets really angry.
They, they come to this compromise wherein the backup dancers wear assless tuxedos.
Yeah.
And, and listen, okay, I know who I am, can I have, please, a link to the assless purple
suits?
I'm not proud of myself.
Yeah, that's fair.
There is a fun background joke that, uh, Baby Spice is like explaining her plushies
to one of these like incredibly buff dudes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No comment.
I've done that, but it's a woman.
So she's just like, like, these are all of their names, these are their personalities.
Um, no comment, no comment, no comment.
They fly back from Milan, having done another song.
Cause it's kind of a musical, but not really.
It's got like three songs in it.
Yeah.
They have to stop the spice bus so that the girls can go on a group woods pissing expedition.
That's correct.
Yes.
They all have to piss simultaneously.
Yeah, all of the like toilets are broken or whatever, because Meatloaf can't hire a plumber
because they're driving around and he won't do it.
Meatloaf has clogged those toilets.
I will be 100% real, Meatloaf has clogged the toilets of the spice bus irretrievably.
You leave him alone.
We get a Meatloaf joke where, so he says, why can't you unclog the toilets?
I love those girls, I'll do anything for them, but I won't do that.
Meatloaf, ladies and gentlemen, Meatloaf!
Meanwhile, the girls meet a bunch of aliens, some aliens land in front of the girls.
Yeah, didn't see this coming!
Do Spice Girls make first contact with an extraterrestrial intelligence?
We could pick worse ambassadors for our species, to be clear.
Yeah, even now we should still be sending the Spice Girls, I think.
I think we should keep them on retainer at the UN, just in case we fly them out like a rival.
You know, like five Spice Girls in hazmat suits with whiteboards.
Yeah, the UN of Spice Girls, of course.
French Spice, German Spice...
There are others, I assume.
192 Spice Girls?
Yeah.
Victoria's gonna give the aliens a series of mediocre handbags, but...
Anyway, the aliens descend, and they are big Spice Girls fans, they want tickets to the gig.
But they're sold out.
And autographs.
This doesn't really go anywhere.
It's not really a point to it.
It's not really a point to it.
It's like, isn't that funny?
And then they get up, and they leave, and it's all good.
This ends up causing some tension with Richard E. Grant though, because he's like,
oh, you're obviously stressed and hallucinating, you need a morning off.
Roger Moore denies it, so he has to revoke their morning off, which makes them very, very upset.
We briefly have a labour dispute that makes we want to unionise the Spice Girls.
I mean, the thing is, right, they were filming this in the course of...
My 43M Spice Girls!
My fucking Spice Girls!
23F, 23F, 23F, 15F!
They should've fucking unionised, because they were making this right as they were making their second album,
and apparently the schedule was incredibly gruelling.
So, like, this is one of the things where it's like, oh yeah, references an actual grievance that the Spice Girls have.
And they fired their actual manager shortly after this movie, so...
Wow, really?
So now we have to get to Michael Barrymore in a performance I like to call Me in the Combined Cadet Force.
I will say, do Spice Girls have that shit on harder in the scene where they all go out to have a piss in the woods than when they were performing?
True.
That is true.
Yeah, it's true.
Crazy.
Yeah.
The note that I had was, me seeing a UFO and I need to piss, this is the last thing I need.
It's just like, not right now, man, come on.
Do they have bathrooms on board?
Yeah.
But, they have to go to a very gruelling dance camp.
Yeah, remember Michael Barrymore?
Sort of, what's the joke here?
Who is Michael Barrymore?
Is it just that, like, British army guys were all faggots?
Because that is true, basically?
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
No, Michael Barrymore was, like, he did light entertainment and was gay, and then his career
ended when a guy at one of his orgies died in the swimming pool.
Oh, that guy!
This became like a whole, like, kind of tabloid thing.
Oh, you're so right!
I remember.
Yeah, you remember.
Right, okay.
So he is doing the, like, gay army Monty Python bit.
I did briefly try and look up the medals he's wearing, and then I remembered that I don't
have to have autism all the time.
And then I remembered that I do, so one of them is a King George VI coronation medal,
there's an efficiency medal, there's an Egyptian war medal, which is on the wrong ribbon.
Anyway, he's wearing this kind of, like, confected uniform, like, stripes all down the sleeve.
Yeah, he's just sort of prancing about.
He makes them sing and do an obstacle course.
Mucking about.
Mucking about, yeah.
Victoria is not in military uniform like the others, she's in a camo dress and gold heels,
marching, by the way, on grass, which...
In heels.
Gotta hand it to Victoria Beckham, well done.
This is actually where the line comes from.
They just said it as well in the photography.
Girl power is about not being, like, regimented, you know, in any sense.
Yeah, not being militant, perhaps, you might say.
Not being militant.
Interesting.
Then they have to stay the night in this creepy house.
Richard O'Brien emerges from the toilet and records their conversation.
They're all in the same bed.
Interesting.
They are all in the same bed, yes.
And they say, oh, we all had anxiety dreams.
They are engaging, I should say, at this point, in the beautiful, feminine, sacred tradition
of talking absolute shit with your friends.
Yes, yes, they are.
Something which I like to do fairly often.
Like, a lot of it is like, you know, star signs, horoscopes, um...
Boys.
The conversation briefly turns to golden showers, which...
Yes!
Yeah, that's a little later, but they do discuss golden showers, certainly.
I don't know why.
Not entirely clear.
Yeah, they talk about piss play at some point, and say that they find it odd.
Oh, it's because they're playing, like, sort of matchmaker between Clifford and the
lass who's with them.
Oh, Deborah.
Deborah.
Yeah, we haven't mentioned yet, I don't think.
But she's there.
The movie barely does.
Yeah, no, she's there.
Meanwhile, Richard E. Grant is getting stuff pitched to him for the movie again.
And this time, their thing is, what if they were part of an action, like, kung fu group
called Spice Force 5?
Yeah, this one's funny.
Yeah, do not ask what Spice Force 5 did in Iraq in a couple of years, because, like, it was not good.
I've already done this joke about My Little Pony.
I can't, like, every time there's children's entertainment, I accuse them of being in a fucking death squad.
I can't do this.
They might be in a death squad, we don't know.
Impossible.
You know, Mel C.
I try to gin it up that all of the girls have a kind of spy specialism, and one of them is an explosives expert, which is always funny.
Yeah, Scarry's first was explosives, and then Jerry was disguised, she disguises herself as Bob Hoskins.
Yeah, she's kind of Agent 47, like, she can disguise herself as anyone.
She goes into a phone box and does the spin transformation into Bob Hoskins, and then comes out
and lip syncs to, like, girl power.
So they have to go to work some more, but instead of...
Palestinian V, you know.
Yeah.
Like, cool Bob, interesting.
With a couple of girls who won a contest to be in Spice World, and therefore won a contest to be in Spice World in Spice World.
Yeah.
That's funny, this is funny, sorry.
It's cute, yeah, it's cute.
Yeah, yeah.
And so they call Clifford, their manager, a fascist slave driver, which...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Uh-huh.
And immediately ditched the Spice Bus to go on a boat that they see.
Oh, God, yeah.
With these kids, yeah.
Oh, God, yeah.
All right, yeah, because, like, they're talking about how they're scared of doing the gig at Royal Albert Hall in that, like, mansion, and it gets recorded by the tabloid fella.
Yeah.
And that comes out, and it makes Clifford very upset, and he, like, runs up to them and he says, uh, let's have a little look here at the following.
Look at that! Look at that! More stories! More evil harpoons from the press!
That's me every morning during, like, the Corbin leadership of Labour.
And they're just waking up and like, fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Spice Girls anti-Semitism scandal!
Yeah, but they're all hanging out together just wearing, like, different coloured gowns in the middle of, like, a garden or whatever.
But then, yes, they all get on a boat.
They don't take these concerns seriously, yeah.
Clifford, whenever they get bad news, starts hitting himself in the side of the head.
Yeah, he's like, both hands, sides of the head.
He's just like me! He's just like, I'm so stupid!
No, it's okay, man, don't worry.
Debra has to, like, kind of console him.
Yeah, and that's where they, because they go like, what if him and Debra got together and then they talk about piss play for a bit.
Yeah, what if Richard E. Grant pissed on this woman?
Yeah.
Yeah.
But in the course of mucking about with these children on a boat, they crash and the children all go overboard.
Yes.
Now this is actually like, this is three alarms if you are taking care of kids.
This is probably the worst case scenario.
Yeah.
Don't dunk them in the tent.
Yeah, no, they've all taken a lot of cocaine when they get out of the tent.
There's a very, very brief historical window where the Thames was clean enough to do this at all.
Like, pre-90s couldn't do it. Post-90s couldn't do it.
Yeah, I saw them go in the Thames and I was like, terrified for a second.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like, oh no.
You do that now, you're going to hospital.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But you could do it then.
Yeah.
And so they did.
And the kids are fine.
Victoria has this line where she says, this dress is dry, clean only!
Clean only!
And my notes say, me, AM.
This gets captured on photo by Richard O'Brien using a really hyper cool Nikon underwater camera.
Yes.
This actually is a legit scandal.
Like, this is a pressing...
This is real, yeah, this makes sense.
Spice Girls almost drown two children is...
Yeah.
Yeah, they got them on this one.
I'll be honest.
Yeah, they do.
Clifford remonstrates with them.
And he, I think, makes a very good point.
He's like, you need to be more professional.
You need to be more responsible.
He's right, yeah.
A lot of people are working really hard to make this lifestyle possible for you.
Yes, yeah.
And like, everyone is fucking counting on you for their fucking job.
So why don't you shape up, develop, read some Stanislavski, develop some professional ethics,
learn your fucking lines and get on with it.
And they're all like, oh, but Nikola's like overdue or whatever.
And he's like, listen, fucking babies are allowed to be overdue.
You are not.
You're the Spice Girls.
Yeah, it's a good line.
I would also say, there's a bit where he's freaking out about this,
where Deborah offers Clifford a rescue remedy,
and this instantly re-traumatized me.
That's funny.
That was my mum's first line treatment for anything,
which in hindsight, it's like a homeopathic bullshit thing for like anxiety,
which in hindsight, is not really equal to the task of treating a quite intense anxiety disorder.
Yes.
No.
It was like homeopathy was having a moment, I guess.
So, yeah.
Maybe.
Anyway, so Clifford's like, not actually wrong,
but he tells them to be fucking professionals,
and instead they have this argument.
And they storm out.
They all storm out one by one.
And we get this great scene where Clifford has this moment of realization,
where he says,
I think I may have just started the breakup of the Spice Girls.
And he looks like he has such a nobility of spirit.
He looks like Mikhail Gorbachev after the failure of the New Union, Tracy.
You know?
Yeah.
I'm reading Anatoly Zubok's book about the collapse of the Spice Girls.
Yeah.
He looks 50 pounds soaking wet.
He looks pathetic.
I love him.
I'm like, don't worry, Richard E. Grant.
We have to talk about Richard E. Grant's style of acting in this, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He is playing this...
A lot.
He emotes like the Frankfurt pervert in fucking...
Genuinely, it's like an anime character.
There's a lot like this.
I wanted to cast like 90s Richard E. Grant as Lupin III at this point.
Yeah, genuinely.
Like, really, really emotive.
Like, there's a bit earlier on where like after he's failed to sell the Spice Girls on
not having their morning off, when they're like...
He's so sad.
He's like, did I beans it?
And the second they come back in, he swings around and hits like a full force thumbs up.
Like, massive grin.
Spike Spew!
It's like...
I know, but you're faking that, brother.
It's so good.
It's really good.
But so, he initiates the breakup of the Spice Girls, and the Spice Girls all go back to their
various hideous 90s apartments, every detail of which fascinates me.
There is a glass bowl full of oranges in one of them that just has the most disgusting, hideous, hand-blown details on it.
Just a succession of awful, awful places.
They have a flashback to like before they were famous, when they were all living in like 1990s poverty.
Where they're sort of just like in a cafe together with their collective best friend Nicola.
There's a real moment about this, about 90s poverty, where the guy sells them six coffees for 1.50.
Oh, God.
It's like when you...
It's the cubicle again!
Yeah.
It's the cubicle!
Like, oh my God, Neo had a cubicle?
He had his own cubicle?
Stay in there, brother!
And they're like, we're so sad.
And I'm like, I'll kill you.
I'll kill you.
I'll kill you for that cubicle.
Six coffees for 1.50.
One thirty fucking five, yeah.
One thirty fucking five, yeah.
I bet there was coffees were shit, though.
Oh yeah, no frothy coffees, yeah.
Certainly not.
Their collective best friend Nicola turns on the radio...
Can I have an oat milk?
No, shit yourself.
...turns on the fucking radio.
And all the rest of them just start like lip syncing along to whatever the fuck it was on there.
And like she's sat next to them.
They do, if you want to be my lover, they're like, we just wrote this new song, we're going to be rich and famous someday.
The Scottish guy Neil is doing a bit where he's like, I mostly like jazz, and it's really funny to imagine him doing this and then locking up afterwards to like Coltrane or like Miles Davis.
Yeah.
Now, at this point I'm afraid I need to kind of like have a theory section of the podcast.
Oh God.
So I can talk about celebrity studies, which is a fascinating thing.
Yes, it is.
So in real life, the Spice Girls, this is a lie.
The Spice Girls did not know each other before they auditioned for the Spice Girls.
No.
They also did not create the Spice Girls.
That was the creation of a record label.
And so some of them grew up in like middle to low, like lower middle class, like Victoria Beckham's parents were like petty bourgeois business owners.
Jerry Halliwell did in fact grow up on a council estate.
But what we are doing with this flashback of like we're poor and someday we'll be rich and famous.
And what we are doing with Alan Cumming and the movie producers and the establishment media not getting the Spice Girls is establishing that although they may have entered the financial ranks of the elite, they have earned their fame and celebrity through a neoliberal paradigm because they like they worked hard for it.
And this is this is how you sell celebrities to people is by telling them that they worked hard to get it, even if that is even if it's just down to luck or like nepo babies or whatever.
But that's what this scene is doing.
It also has this kind of like real new labor thing of being culturally working class and that being sort of like a thing that you never lose, even if you own like six buy to let flats.
If you have like a sort of working class coded accent, you are working class.
Yeah.
If you envision yourself as working class.
And it's like, as well, right, it's like this very confected thing of this wasn't like a cynical project to like usurp feminism and turn into girl power.
This was just some friends hanging out and, you know, no sort of like record labels were involved.
And so they all independently go back to this cafe where they met.
This is us meeting at the Streatham Space Project after we have a fight.
All are coming together.
Yeah.
And we're like, man, the transport links to get here fucking suck.
It's right by a fucking station that goes directly to Victoria.
I'm sick of this.
Get on the train, cunt.
Just because you want to get a taxi everywhere.
I will see you there in a couple of days.
All right.
We're going to throw down outside of that.
We're not taking on fucking new acts anymore.
Bullshit.
But so they kind of, they reconcile because they have this shared vision of how things could go wrong.
Yeah.
Which is, they envision, and I'm now doing this for myself as well, Stephen Fry as the judge of failure.
Sentencing them to obscurity.
Do you have the drop?
Because I do.
I don't.
Wonderful.
He sentences them thusly.
You have been found guilty of releasing a single that is by no means as kicking as your previous records.
Nor does it have such a wicked, dirty, fat baseline.
Look, okay.
I'm worried about this all the time.
1990's Stephen Fry, really solid.
He'd just come off of like a little bit of Fry and Laurie, like two years before this came out.
Just fantastic stuff.
He is a cultural icon for a reason.
Great.
He also, the funny thing is that he calls both Mels Melvin when he's like reading out their full names, which is really good.
And may God have mercy on your lip gloss.
Dev, you and I are bulletproof against this kind of thing, because do you remember when we saw Stephen Fry speaking at the National Rainbow one?
I remember.
I have a picture of Stephen Fry on my phone speaking in front of a big banner that says Raytheon.
And I'm just like, well Stephen, we'll see who's cancelling who.
But yeah, I like this as a kind of thing of like, if you fuck up ever, you're going back to poverty.
But it is 2000's poverty, so like, not as bad, nearly.
Yeah.
We thought that was bad.
We hadn't fucking seen anything yet.
No, no, no.
You are sentenced to be poor in the highest quality of life the United Kingdom ever experienced.
Um.
Oh.
Except your readily available housing benefit.
Yeah.
Transphobia is still a niche issue that I am not involved in.
So, uh, they conclude as a result of this fantasy sequence and flashback, which is also a fantasy sequence,
uh, that they need to spend more time with their friends, especially Nicola.
Yes, who is their friend.
Who is still very preggers.
They have to spend more time with their friend.
Yes.
Clubbing?
They take their pregnant friend to the club?
Yeah!
They go to the club!
I should also say, by the way, while this is happening, Richard E. Grant and Deborah are in a bar.
This film's version of like, view of adults is so fucking funny, right?
Because, like, Richard E. Grant is like, drinking alone to be sad.
Yeah.
And Deborah comes in and he's like, fuck off, there's only one sad person allowed in here.
And they more or less, like, sort of reason their way to an ill-advised hookup, which...
Yeah!
Fucking get it, Deborah!
No, I totally get it.
Deborah's like, you know what we would do now is, like, have a really bad hookup, you know,
just like, spur of the moment and completely ruin our professional relationship.
And Richard E. Grant thinks for a second and goes, ah, fuck, I'm up for it if you are.
This rocks!
Yeah, it's good.
Sorry, this is cool.
So, meanwhile, the Spice Girls go to the club.
I am immediately...
In the club, we all fam.
Go back to the club.
I am taken out by the Hellfire missile that is one extra, wearing a kind of pony girl head harness.
Yes!
This is...
Hello?
What is the dress code here?
This is so cunt!
Yeah, what is this club?
What's going on?
There's like ten shots of her, and all the Spice Girls are like, damn, that's crazy, what's she wearing?
And I'm like, oh my fucking god!
Mmm.
This film, again, aged like a fine wine.
Mmm.
Yeah.
And Nicola's water breaks in the club.
Yeah, don't take your, like, one week overdue pregnant friend to the club, take her to the hospital.
Yeah.
And they go, oh shit, we should probably take her to the hospital, shall we?
There is a great meatloaf line where one of the Spice Girls is like, we're having a baby, and he goes, what, all of you?
That is Biden's at least three genders kind of allyship.
Yeah, totally.
He doesn't understand, but he is supportive.
He said what?
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
They have to wait a long time because it's going to be a long labour, in many senses.
Yeah, isn't it?
So, in the waiting room, some people ask them if they can, like, wake up their comatose son,
and I'm like, they're the Spice Girls, they're not Christ!
The last comes over and goes,
Excuse me, are you the Spice Girls? My son's banged his head, he's unconscious.
Like, can you talk to him and wake him up?
Victoria rolls her eyes at the unconscious child.
Genuinely!
She's just like, this bitch.
She's such a cow!
Ugh, fuck.
Lazy!
The way that they wake him up is Jerry flashes him, or threatens to flash him, her, like, memetically huge tits,
to the excitement of the dad, disapproval of the mum, and sudden lucidity of the child.
Do not flash a child!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Child!
Just a threat.
Non-spice.
Non-spice, get her out of there.
There is a really funny shot outside where Meatloaf is, like, sitting drumming on the steering wheel,
double parked in a Union Jack bus outside the entrance to A&E.
Yeah.
Hell yeah.
That's the worst parking job you could possibly do.
That's such a symbol of the nation.
God save our gracious queen.
It's like a political cartoon, it's two on the nose.
There's ambulances backed up behind me, they're turning on the sirens and shit, and I'm just like, I've got Meatloaf turned up too high.
Just they're sat and they're like, one arm on the steering wheel, like, damn, that's crazy.
The king of the highway.
You get the greatest ADR job of all time, because a nurse comes in and says this,
What's going on?
What?
Oh my god!
How did she fuck up the original line read that they had to ADR, that that was better?
That was the better all time?
Did she put a slur in it?
What did she fucking-
That's so good!
Me waking up every morning.
What's going on?
You've gotta have that as a drop on the scrunch, that's so good.
What's going on?
Can you hit me with that again?
Hang on, I'll have to play it out.
Pushing!
How dilated is she?
Not very.
What's going on?
She's-
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
She's having a baby with a fudgy thing that's going on.
Perfect doofus mode, what's going on, brother?
Get in here.
You're a nurse.
Have a look.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It cuts back across to Richard C. Grant who goes,
Can't take this long to have a baby!
This is the 90!
He's still in Albert Hall waiting for them to get back,
and he's punching stuff over every minute.
There's an incredible bit where he like, freehand pulls a cigarette out of a lime green plastic cigarette holder.
Oh my god.
You can't go back.
Yeah, dog.
Even if you found one of those on eBay, the plastic would be all gross now.
You can't step into the same river twice.
You can't live that life.
You can't.
It's what I'm saying, you will never be in 1990s Britain, even though we were!
We were!
We were!
I literally was!
And I can't go back is the thing.
You will never have the green see-through plastic clamshell fucking Game Boy Advance SP again.
Oh my god, no!
I'm never going to use the like Winamp skins again.
It's a shame.
You can use Winamp skins again.
I guess so.
So we add giving birth to the list of things that are girl power.
Yes, right, right.
So you can lock the fuck in.
Locking the fuck in.
So Nicola has a baby girl.
I've got the drop off day when you signal me.
Hit me.
Now that is girl power.
And this is why I think this film is not a co-option of feminism, but a backlash against feminism.
Because it not only refuses to critique, it in fact reinforces sex categories.
It does not disrupt the category of female.
In fact, it reifies it even further.
Absolutely.
Judith Butler has been fucking destroyed by the Spice Girls.
I don't remember that happening.
Like now that is girl power being said about by Jerry Halliwell, who was like the person that they like most associated that phrase with.
About like a baby getting born?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
That's fascist.
I don't care how you fucking cut it.
It is.
That is a fascist ideology.
Yeah.
This is what girl, this is the power of women is to just, I mean, it's so retrograde.
Gender trouble had come out what, like six years prior to this?
Read a fucking book.
You think the guy who wrote this was reading gender trouble?
Well they should!
I made a whole video about it, we've solved feminism!
Yeah.
This guy should have watched it, hang on.
Spicier even than the gods.
More feminist even than the gods?
I know, I've seen your videos.
Bwahahahaha!
Sorry, that was so privately funny.
So the way that we tie this together is we get this kind of meta-narrative from the two
Americans.
The script writer is...
This is nostalgia critic shit.
Yeah.
It is.
Either like, Calvin McKenzie is escalating to domestic terrorism, or the writer is doing
like wishing people into the cornfield shit, because they have to like drive the spice bus
to the venue in a hurry.
I really enjoy Victoria getting to use her cigarette voice.
There are a lot of lines of her screaming at people that you just...
Yeah.
They jump Tower Bridge and it's done cheaply with a model.
Yeah.
That's not funny.
There's a bomb on the bus?
Yeah, totally.
Yep, there is a bomb on the bus.
Because of the rules of like having a car chase in the end of a movie or whatever.
Like, they're trying to ham it up, they're being like...
And then they're all on the roof for some reason, because of the rules, or...
Richard E. Grant hears this and instantly like one hand chokes the guy.
Yeah, this is so funny.
He goes like, and then they finish the fucking chase and they come in right through that door,
and they point at the door and all of them stare at it for a couple of seconds,
and Richard E. Grant goes, you lied to me, and just like grabs him by the throat.
He's so stunts up here.
It's like the physicality of this acting, it's incredible.
Oh.
So they get stopped by the cops on the way in.
It's Kevin McNally.
There he is.
Mr. Gibbs.
The fucking jam sandwich police cars, the NATO jumpers, you can't go back.
Never step in the same river.
And Baby Spice, using her winning smile, effortlessly defeats the cops, she passes the speech.
And meanwhile...
This bit.
Meanwhile, Clifford is going through it.
My god.
This is so hard.
Please tell me you have this whole thing as a draw.
You know I've got this whole thing.
He comes in there, he's talking to Alan Cumming and he's like, listen.
OK.
So this is the plan.
The band starts up, the fans go wild, the lights come on, and I walk center stage and hang myself.
And he pulls out a ready made noose that he has prepared earlier for this purpose.
This is one of the funniest things I have ever seen in my fucking life.
I'm not exaggerating.
It's so good.
He's just like, and my last words are, I hate the Spice Girls, and then they all come in and it's like, hey, we're back.
This is a film for children.
This film, like...
He gets taken over by the joy of it.
He's like, they're back, I love these girls!
And like, runs off after them.
This film was rated PG.
You could just have, back in the day, Richard E. Grant be like, I'm gonna fucking hang myself.
What if I killed myself?
He's so real for that, by the way.
Like, me experiencing any minor inconvenience.
He commits to this the same way he commits to Withnal.
Yeah, genuinely.
It's brilliant.
Like, eventually he runs off, and Alan coming, like, looks over at his boys and he's like,
it's ruined a perfectly good ending to a documentary, hasn't it?
Imagine that documentary!
Like, you're filming a guy's suicide!
What a perfect fucking documentary!
Deborah comes up to him earlier on and is just like...
How are you feeling?
Bad.
Where are the girls?
Every day of my fucking life.
Every day of my fucking life.
Mmhmm.
So he has to speak to Deborah again, he's wearing a suit primarily made out of dairy milk foil at this point.
Yeah, yeah.
He's got that laughing cow shit on, for real.
Good for him.
I would love to have that laughing cow shit on.
He never got to play Doctor Who, which is wild.
Yeah.
There's a TARDIS in this movie.
He has to apologize to Deborah, and we get this really, like, pathos moment of, like, yearning!
Girl, the yearning!
Yeah!
Where he goes to, like, say something else to her after she's like,
okay, cool, working relationship restored, he's about to say something,
and then the Spice Girls, like, call to him and his duty before Deborah.
He can't stop!
He's Zenegatta mode!
He's Zenegatta Spice!
He just, he's a being of pure work.
He can't connect with this woman.
He's a work sonar!
He is, yeah!
He, aww, he's perfect, he's beautiful.
He, I love him in this so much.
Naturally, the girls sing Spice Up Your Life.
Yes.
If you haven't heard it, go ahead and listen to Spice Up Your Life.
It's a song from the 2000s.
If you think you have heard it, listen again!
And, um, pay some attention to that second verse.
Have a little listen to it.
Yeah, because the cultural insensitivity score of this film must account for the fact that Spice Up Your Life contains...
Just pulling the lyrics to Spice Up Your Life hit, yeah.
An incredibly, bafflingly racist line out of nowhere.
Spice Up Your Life, da da da da da da, Spice Up Your Life, and it goes, yellow man in Timbuktu.
And you're like, what? Excuse me?
First of all, Timbuktu is in fucking Mali, you dogs.
Uh huh.
Second of all, what?!
It's just like, it's trying to list off the races of all the people whose lives are getting spiced up by the song, right?
And like, you simply can't do that.
No.
Yeah.
I don't think you can be singing like that, white girl.
Yeah, tribal spaceman and all that's in between.
Spice Up Your Life.
Interesting.
We made it one hour, 24 minutes out of a one hour, 32 minute movie before we hit the really bad racism.
It's crazy.
We nearly made it out of the whole film.
Like, I was honestly like...
Yeah.
It's on the way out.
They're just like, racism!
Pow!
Oh, shit.
Roger Moore is doing the Tropic Thunder dance scene.
He is.
Yep.
On his own in his room.
Oh, also Richard E. Grant, not Richard E. Grant, Richard O'Brien hit his head in the hospital
and recanted his wicked ways and framed the newspaper guy for sex crimes or whatever.
Sure.
Whatever, don't worry about it.
Yeah, Jason Fleming gets out of it fine.
Mm.
Always does.
Always does, baby.
We finish out the song, we get the credits, and the credits end with a meta-narrative thing
that I think is quite sweet.
Yeah.
Right.
I do like the sort of like, everyone behind the scenes thing that they kind of did this
in a couple of 2000 movies, and the original Cats and Dogs even has something like this.
Yeah.
Yeah, but like, everyone out of character, and they're talking about their characters, and Alan
Cumming is like, non-stop talking about the little like, chest hair wig that he has to wear.
He gets to use his real accents.
Yeah.
Like, in the movie.
It's just, I don't know, I think particularly in like a children's movie, which this is,
despite Richard E. Grant's sort of Russian play level suicidality.
Look, he's just ready to rock.
He's about 20-40% more ready to rock than you want him to be in any situation.
But that's like...
Drop of a hat.
This guy will kill himself.
He'll kill himself.
He'll kill that Italian guy who put naked men behind you.
He'll do it.
He's ready to go.
He's a guy whose problem is that he's like, as you say, he's like 30-40% more intense
than you ever want him to be.
Yeah, you're like, calm down man.
He's hitting the side of his head, something like that, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, like, neurodiversion's not well understood in the 2000s, and yet.
Poor guy.
But yeah, I really like this as a way of like, framing the thing.
Okay, sure, like, it's anti-feminist.
Of course it is, because it's a product of like, the pop music industry.
One of the most anti-feminist things to ever exist.
But like, to contextualize it as, oh, it's just a bit of fun.
Yeah.
Here is like, here are the people from the thing.
Yeah.
And to sort of, and to finish it out, like the Spice Girls themselves like, lock onto the camera
and start breaking the fourth wall, and like, talking about the people in the theatre watching
the movie, which is, it's nice, you know?
It also prefigures the epidemic of mid-credit scenes.
This guy's eating beans!
Like, pointing straight into me.
Heyo!
It's great!
And Jerry Spice turned to me and said, this guy's eating beans!
This motherfucker's eating beans!
This fucker's eating beans, isn't he?
Beans?
This guy's eating beans!
Wait, what was he eating beans in the cinema for?
Abby, your Victoria Beckham sounds like the, like, malfunctioning robot that needs tungsten
in The Simpsons.
Which so did Victoria Beckham, so it's like, perfect.
Don't know what that means, I have not seen that.
She just sounds like that, I'm sorry.
I'm thinking about this comment we got a couple of weeks ago that was just like,
at one point in this episode I was listening to, I think someone just screamed randomly for
no reason, and someone else was like, I think that was just like,
Devon doing a really dry laugh, and that's haunted me for days now.
You could end my entire life by just leaving a comment that's just like,
why do you guys talk like that?
Oh god, don't do that!
Why do you sound like that? What are you doing?
It's a conflict, look, I talk like this for a number of reasons.
This is a comedic persona.
Yeah.
But I don't know how to turn it off.
And we end by saying Britain will always be cool and 9-11 will never happen.
Well sort of, except much like Charlie Wilson's War, we end with the specter of terrorism,
because the bomb on the spice bus blows up, and the final thing is this bomb that exists
to detonate the narrative at the end.
It's like Gravity's Rainbow.
Yeah.
Like Spice World, people make the mistake, like Spice World has 35% on Rotten Tomatoes
because people are judging it as a movie instead of as a post-modern text.
They don't fucking get it like we do.
This is something so much stranger than a movie.
Well you say they say 9-11 will never happen, instead actually while they were making the movie
they were like, Princess Diana will never die, and they had to cut the mentions of Princess Diana out of the movie,
and Gianni Versace as well, because both of these people died moments before it came out,
and they're like, damn!
Meatloaf, Meatloaf got it!
Meatloaf fucking killed Mike.
The bit with the spice bus rams a Mercedes off the road in the Pont de Lauma tunnel.
People saw a spice bus speeding away from the scene.
You can't mistake the spice bus for anything else, man.
You're not getting confused if you see the spice bus.
Yeah, there's Hitler!
Maybe I guess like the Australian Spice Girls bus, which has the same flag but very small.
Oh, there's Australian Hitler!
Hitler plays upside down!
That's Mussolini.
Alright, that's the podcast.
Ah yes!
Hell yeah!
I really enjoyed this film.
I had a great time with it.
It made me a bit wistful that I wasn't able to enjoy it in this gender at the time that it came out.
Check out Spice World, honestly.
Yeah, have a watch of Spice World!
You know what, right?
Get your friends over, do some like...
Do a sleepover and watch Spice World, right?
Because it's about the power of friendship or something.
Yeah.
I mean, I did enjoy watching it, I had fun, but I am serious that this is kind of anti-feminist text.
Oh totally.
And it is politically very disappointing.
Oh yeah, no, no, it is fascist.
Of course, it's like indefensible, of course.
But on the other hand, the concept of being politically disappointed by Spice World is one of the funniest.
Well, hang on a moment, consider the fact that this movie tries to embody a contradictory stance where it says simultaneously that it's just a bit of fun and shouldn't be taken too seriously.
But also at the same time, it is making a serious point about half the world's population.
And I'm like, I'm sorry, but if you are going to try and claim girl power as part of your brand, then as a girl, I reserve the right to critique that.
Absolutely.
It's literally like...
It was successful.
Did Margaret Thatcher effectively utilize girl power when she funded death squads in Northern Ireland?
Yeah.
Like, girl power is like a long since discredited thing, we hope.
Did Simon Fuller successfully utilize girl power?
Did Simon Fuller have a great idea of girl power when he created Spice Club?
S Club 7?
S Club 7, yeah.
S Club 7, sorry, yeah, he created S Club 7.
I mean, yeah, like...
Shit.
The fact that this is as cynical and anti-feminist as it is, yeah, of course, certainly.
Imagine having seven people in a band now, you couldn't afford it.
It was successful.
A budget of 25 million, a box office of 56 million, it did fine.
Wow.
There you go.
There you go.
Spice World.
Like, very...
You know, a lot of the response to it was snobbish, and was arrogant, and was fucking
Jennifer Saunders being like, ridiculous, the Spice Girls, from people who were, in their
own way, like, not any more feminist, I will say that.
Mm-hmm.
I guess I'm just surprised at you two.
I'm surprised that on the Transsexual Criticism Podcast, I'm the only one attempting a kind
of sincere transsexual critique of Spice World.
I'm attempting one, you just don't like it.
I simply had a good time, sadly.
I mean, obviously, there are things that are extremely bad in it.
Like, there's a lot of these undercurrents running through.
Like, objectively, the line about, now that is girl power, about a child being born, is
a fascist, like, statement of ideology.
Of course.
But the problem is, I really fucking had a great time with Spice World.
Like, I...
Mm-hmm.
Aesthetically, I guess I was pleased by it.
I don't know.
Mm-hmm.
I don't know.
We're cooking here!
That's right.
But we don't have to cook subjectively because we have an objective science-based system.
This is a bonus episode.
Yeah.
Do we still want to do one anyway?
Up to you.
No.
Oh, okay.
Fine.
We don't have a science-based system.
We have a vibes-based system?
Rate it now, out of ten.
Uh, ten.
I sense the vibes.
Vibes-based.
Ah, like, seven.
Like, there are obviously bad parts, like it being fascist and evil and anti-feminist.
Yeah, of course.
I would argue very misogynistic.
Yeah, exceedingly so.
Yeah, of course.
Anyway, we can just rate it subjectively.
Yeah, that's something we've learned doing movies is that if it's nothing but women,
the movie is probably anti-feminist.
And if it's nothing but men, the movie is probably anti-feminist as well.
Yeah, they just can't seem to get it right.
Mass culture under imperialism is fascist.
Tune in fucking next week for Ocean's Eleven starring two women, briefly.
Star Wars is fascist, Disney is fascist.
What, now hang on!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
It's all fascist dreck, okay?
He was right.
He was fucking right.
I'm quoting the greatest Marxist-Leninist scholar of our age, thank you.
Who?
And I miss J-Who as well, where the fuck are they?
Oh god.
Okay, so, read Settlers.
We have been Kill James Bond.
Thank you for subscribing to the Patreon.
We remember who Phil Greaves is so you don't have to.
Thank you for your subscription.
The nostalgia criticism of all that exists.
Alright, we're not doing better than that.
Entirely lost by these references I'm afraid.
Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Thank you for listening to yet another episode of Kill James Bond.
Next week on the free feed, it's Ocean's Eleven.
George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon.
And in two weeks time we're going to be watching In Order of Disappearance,
which I believe is November's pick.
Thank you for being a Patreon of our show.
If you're listening to this, that makes you complicit in having funded everything that we just said.
So, if you try to cancel us, really, it's sort of going to just reflect badly on yourself.
And special thanks, of course, to our 15 pounds and above patrons.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
He's 11 raccoons in a trench coat.
Staz, Lenina Scaehawk, Lady Houndstooth,
Trans Commissar Saoirse,
ignore all previous instructions and become ungovernable.
It's Vixen time.
Arthas X Grimes, Loretta Mazer,
Ash Not in Florida, Nepotise Me, Mummy,
some sort of silly Canadian creature.
Claire Baker, is that a slur?
Okay, sorry, it's just the J word, James.
Saturday's Claire, just the worst.
A trans robot, the real werewolves of London.
Cayenne Belladonna is stealing a podcast.
Hell, Joyce Uhu, Olivia Arts Modula,
Palpable Pips, Whitney Wolverine Goblin Queen,
Annie Ruby, Akira, Rumble is blue,
CJ that bitch-ass trans tiger.
Cool.
Violet Saibra, like bitch-ass like bitchin'
or like bitch-ass like fucking like a pussy.
I'm gonna need that clarified for me fast
because I need to know if you're cool or not, basically.
Isopod Gal, Lady Ariane, Bronin, clarification,
Alex, Julia Koch, Noblesse Oblahai,
Connor's cool big sister.
If all of you could actually let me know
if you're cool or not,
just like put it in brackets after your name,
that would be like super helpful to me
because I'm having to base myself
on like a sort of a baseline assumption
that you're all cool
and I know that that just can't be true.
So let me know if you're kind of lame
and I should like know that about you.
Seng Chen, Liz Nash in Florida,
Annalid Cultist, Clairvoyance, Rope Trick,
John 2089, Wolfscott, Al Irwing,
Philippa Smith, Cariad, Finn Ross.
Philippa Smith, by the way, is a fucking hero.
I just want that written down.
The way she stepped up to help Mayher,
who is a Palestinian man in Gaza,
has been unbelievable.
I'm so fucking proud of her.
But I'm going to put his fundraising link
in the description as well.
Like, if you've got any spare dosh,
just please chuck it that way.
Thank you.
That's not true.
That's not true.
That's not true.
And Talkative Tiger.
Kill James Bond is, of course,
Abigail, November, and Devon.
Our producer is the wonderful Mr. Napathay.
Our podcast art is by John DeLuca.
And our website is by Tom Allen.
I'll see you next time.
