Welcome to our next Patrons Only mini-episode. Today we're covering the 1982 Tylenol murders,
as well as the theories around Unabomber Ted Kaczynski's possible involvement.
As always, I'm your host, Chelsea Weber-Smith, and now, here's to you, my sweet Satans.
If you remember our episode called Poison Halloween Candy, well, today I'll share another
important story in a similar legacy, one that terrified adults all over Chicago and then the
country at large, as the news reported on several sudden deaths that seemed to be related to cyanide-laced
Tylenol. This triggered not only a panic, but also the modern obsession with packaging as we know it
today. It was September 29, 1982, in Elk Grove Village, Illinois, when a 12-year-old Mary Kellerman
had just taken an extra-strength Tylenol given to her by her parents. She had woken up that morning
to a common cold, but hours later, Mary would die in the hospital. The very same day, a 27-year-old
postal worker by the name of Adam Janus also died mysteriously in the same area, followed by his 25-year-old
brother Stanley and Stanley's 19-year-old wife Teresa. They had all taken Tylenol from the same bottle,
but no one had figured this out yet, including the investigators who were at a loss as to what was
going on. The next person to die would be 31-year-old Mary McFarland of Elmhurst, Illinois. Her brother was
quoted as saying,
She went into the back room and took I don't know how many Tylenol, at least one, obviously, and within
minutes she was on the floor. Paula Prince, a 35-year-old flight attendant from Chicago, and Mary
Reiner, a 27-year-old mother of Winfield, Illinois, were the next victims. It was a nurse named Helen
Jensen who was the first to guess the link to Tylenol, but at first people would not believe her.
Quote,
I said,
This is the cause, and of course nobody would believe me, and I stamped my feet, and they said,
Oh no, it couldn't be, it couldn't be. When investigators did figure out the link,
they tested capsules from a bottle and found them to be laced with potassium cyanide.
They were so potent, in fact, that a single capsule could have provided thousands of fatal doses.
As the investigation continued, authorities found that the laced capsules had come from
multiple different stores in the Chicago area and also came from different packaging plants.
They figured out that someone had gone to several drugstores and taken bottles,
laced the pills with cyanide, and replaced them personally to the same shelves.
Warnings were broadcasted on news channels all over the country,
and police even drove through Chicago neighborhoods with loud speakers,
warning the public not to consume any Tylenol.
A massive recall was soon underway by Johnson & Johnson, costing the company millions of dollars.
Hospitals were suddenly crowded with people concerned that they could have ingested the poison.
Soon, a prime suspect emerged.
It was a man named James William Lewis from New York City.
He had taken credit for the poisonings by sending a letter to Johnson & Johnson
that also demanded $1 million or he would continue to kill random people in the same way.
But there was no evidence at all linking him to the murders,
so instead he was tried and convicted of extortion.
Horrifyingly, to this day, no one has been charged with these murders.
I first heard the following conspiracy theory, as some have called it,
on the podcast My Favorite Murder.
It seems that some internet sleuths have made what I consider a pretty interesting,
a bit flimsy case that it was the work of none other than the Unabomber,
Ted Kaczynski, a man famous for the many homemade bombs he sent to various universities and airlines
from the 70s to the 1990s.
He was a reclusive mathematician who lived in a one-room cabin he built for himself in rural Montana.
Considered a genius at a young age, Kaczynski entered Harvard at 16 on a scholarship.
He earned a doctorate from the University of Michigan and took a teaching position at Berkeley.
He would last only two years as a professor before moving to that Montana cabin.
There, he grew his own food and began constructing an anti-technology, anti-government philosophy.
Starting in 1978 and lasting over the course of 20 years,
he killed three people and injured 23 more with his strange brand of homemade explosive devices
that were often constructed from wood.
In 1995, Kaczynski sent a 35,000-word anarchist manifesto to various news outlets,
saying he would blow up a plane if his manifesto was not published.
It was this move by Kaczynski that would finally see him caught.
His sister-in-law recognized the letter as having possibly been written by him,
and she and Ted's brother David went straight to the FBI.
Kaczynski was convicted in January 1998 and is currently serving a life sentence in prison.
As mentioned, much of the suspicions around Kaczynski's guilt in the Tylenol poisoning
reads like a conspiracy theory.
However, back in 2011, the FBI actually did begin looking into the theory that he could have been responsible.
They attempted to retrieve DNA from the incarcerated Kaczynski,
who is currently serving his sentence in Florence, Colorado.
Authorities did not announce why they wanted his DNA in connection with the case.
It's yet unknown if they received this sample from Kaczynski voluntarily,
but they said they were prepared to get a court order if necessary.
In a handwritten letter to the FBI, Kaczynski stated that he was innocent of the crimes.
Quote,
I have never even possessed any potassium cyanide.
The FBI officially transferred the investigation back to the local authorities in 2013.
But here's what the sleuths say.
The deaths associated with the Tylenol poisonings all happened near Kaczynski's parents' house in Lombard, Chicago,
20 minutes from the area where the pills were linked.
Online sleuths have even constructed a map of the locations of the reshelved pills,
and Kaczynski's parents' house is directly in the center.
They've also constructed a pretty convincing timeline that could place Kaczynski in Lombard at the time of the poisonings.
Online sleuths find the wood link to be one of the most interesting pieces of possible evidence.
It is true that Kaczynski had a signature,
choosing several of his victims because of their names or their association to wood or trees,
and also included twigs and sprigs inside his often wooden-made bombs.
The most notable example is Percy Wood,
the president of United Airlines,
who was from Lake Forest.
Kaczynski even used a fake return address of Frederick Benjamin Isaac Wood,
549 Wood Street, Woodlake, California.
Theorists point out that Robert Wood Johnson and James Wood Johnson
were the founders of Johnson & Johnson.
They also point to the locations of the tainted products,
Woodfield Shopping Center, Elk Grove Village.
The one photo that authorities were able to capture of the possible Tylenol poisoner
shows a grainy, bearded man watching Paula Prince purchase the tainted drugs.
Though it hasn't been determined that this was certainly the person responsible,
famous FBI serial killer profiler John Douglas
did state that the FBI considered the person in the video to be a prime suspect.
At the time, they thought that the person was James William Lewis,
who also had a bushy beard similar to Ted Kaczynski's.
The people who believe in Kaczynski's guilt point to the fact that the person in the video
really does look like him.
His giant manifesto stated a hatred for all people,
and that all people were his enemy.
One sleuth pointed to this passage from his manifesto,
Section 145, quote,
Imagine a society that subjects people to conditions that make them terribly unhappy,
then gives them the drugs to take away their unhappiness.
We will likely never know who committed these random murders,
but their legacy lives on in the laws and the fears that exist in spades today.
With almost everything we consume, food, medicine, and even things like handheld products,
are sealed in tamper-resistant packages.
In addition, these murders certainly contributed to the fear of poison Halloween candy,
as the reports spiked considerably the very next Halloween.
But of course, as we know, it was all an urban legend.
I hope you enjoyed this episode, and here's to you, my darling patrons,
my sweet Satans.
I hope you have a great week.
