Hello, hello.
Hello, hello.
Great.
It's me, Chelsea Weber-Smith, your host.
Today we're doing a special kind of episode leading up to our newest season, which is
premiering in two weeks.
We're going to have a little team huddle, and we're going to hear from some team members
that you, well, at least one team member you haven't heard before, research assistant
Riley Smith.
Hi.
And so, oh, there he is.
So let's do quick intros, and then Miranda's going to host us today, who you guys know
from Just Another Panic Monday, if you've been listening.
So first of all, hi, Miranda.
Thanks for hosting.
Hi, Chelsea.
Thanks for having me.
And then we've got producer and editor Rod Rodriguez with Clear Camo Studios.
Hello.
All right.
There he is.
There he is.
And then we've got research assistant Riley Smith.
Hi.
There he is.
And here's the truth, guys.
We've tried to record this once before, and we lost all the audio.
So we are doing it again.
Making it work.
So yeah, thanks to the patient team members who keep me calm when I freak out, which is
often.
So all right.
I'm going to hand things over to Miranda, and she's going to ask us a few questions that
we got from people on social media.
So thank you guys for asking these questions and for giving an F about what we do.
All right.
So here's Miranda.
All right.
So Grace the Lefty from Instagram wants to know the most and least difficult episodes that
you've done for any reason, like emotional or production related.
Great.
Or otherwise.
Okay.
Chelsea, do you want to kick us off here?
Sure.
Hmm.
Well, you know, I think the most emotionally difficult episode is actually the one I'm
working on right now for season three, and it's called Burgers.
And I've watched a lot of horrifying videos for that so that I could, you know, kind of
put my money where my mouth is.
And so that's going to be a pretty controversial episode, I think.
But it's been really emotionally difficult.
Not that all of them aren't.
I think that's just what I'm thinking about right now, because each of each episode contains
both humor and deep and sometimes unimaginable horror.
Yeah.
Monsters was a rough one.
Monsters was.
Yeah.
Monsters was a really rough one that went in a very different direction than I was expecting.
I've mentioned this before, but I thought it was going to go.
You know, I thought we were doing Sasquatch, Chupacabra, you know, all the hits.
But it turned out that I read a book called Monsters in America, and it really illuminated
how important it was to talk about the language of the monstrous and how it's lasted to oppress
people of color from the very beginning of this country.
And that was kind of that was a lot of gut wrenching, gut wrenching stuff.
And then the terrorism episodes, as Miranda knows, I was just pacing and pacing.
That's what I do.
I pace.
I pace and I pull on my hair and I try to find the right thing to figure out.
And what was the easiest episode?
Toy riots.
Everybody loves toy riots.
I think that was easiest for all of us.
But let's let's kick it over.
How about we ask Rod, what is your most difficult episode?
The most difficult episode had to be the satanic panic episode.
And, you know, we talked about this in take one.
But, you know, it was really it was really about like this personal connection I had to
the story.
I you know, and I shared that story when I was doing the the follow up piece to that.
The panic Monday.
And yeah, it was just it was so disturbing.
You know, having to especially because I edit the show and I have to add soundscapes and
not it's not like you hit it out of the park every time.
That means I have to listen to that part about babies and sharks and tanks and all the horrible
stuff over and over and over again till I get the right music or the right soundscape.
So, yeah, that one gave me nightmares.
That one just it bothered me.
I didn't like it.
And I want to thank Chelsea for not doing stuff like that again.
You got it.
I mean, I can't make any promises.
Satan rears his ugly head all the time.
I mean, I'll tell you that as soon as I return my satanic panic books to the library, a single
tear rolled down my face and I said, it's over.
It's finally over.
Rod, didn't you say you had a pretty harrowing experience with the first episode of season
one as well?
Yeah, I didn't want to tell that story.
Again, simply because it makes me sound so unprofessional.
But thank you for bringing that up again.
Pulling no punches here.
Yeah, apparently.
No.
So I lost all of season one.
I'm sorry.
Episode one of season one.
So this was my first gig working really on someone else's show of this magnitude.
And I didn't know Chelsea.
Chelsea didn't know me.
And I was suspicious.
She was.
Yeah.
Chelsea was already suspicious of like, who is this guy?
Why is he touching my stuff?
Exactly.
So the night before.
So it was due Monday morning.
Saturday.
In the after Sunday afternoon.
Everything goes crazy.
Audacity takes every bit of that audio.
Crunches it up into a thousand pieces and disperses it over like a thousand folders.
I'm freaking out.
Because like there's five second bits of me going of her going.
Yeah, I'm supposed to make that work.
So just normal stuttering.
Just normal.
Not even normal.
It was craziness.
So that night I had to teach myself.
I bought audition and taught myself.
One, I taught myself how to work from a work Adobe audition from beginning to end.
Two, took all the raw audio and went back and re-edited, re-put music, the whole nine yards.
And I was done by Sunday.
I'm sorry.
Monday morning around three or four in the morning.
And I sent a text message.
I was like, it's done.
And then I went to sleep.
God bless you, Rod.
Well, here's the best part.
Rod didn't tell me any of it.
Nope.
He just made it work.
Not a second of it.
So yeah, I had no idea.
I wouldn't say I was sleeping peacefully because it was a terrifying thing to release the first episode of the show.
But I'm very grateful to you, Rod, for your hustle.
I'm grateful for you, for your patience.
What about you, Riley?
Do you have a most or least difficult episode?
Well, thankfully, I came on board a little bit too late to be involved with Satanic Panic.
So I feel like I dodged a bullet there.
But I think the most difficult for me was the celebrity episode because we kind of switched up the order halfway through the second season.
And that one was just kind of difficult to get the right angle on and to find the approach.
And so I think I ended up doing over 70 pages of long-winded research on that one.
You did.
Yeah.
So there was a lot that didn't get used.
But that was okay.
Because I think we'll use it for other stuff.
But the least difficult for me was the Janet Jackson episode.
You nailed it.
Which I wrote most of and feel good about that.
I knocked it out in one day.
And it was a great day.
It was one of our favorite mini episodes ever, for sure.
If not our favorite.
It's fantastic.
And then, of course, toy riots, I'm sure, for everyone.
Just because Beanie Babies, Cabbage Patch Kids, no horrifying racism.
Wow.
I'm sure it was there.
I was just trying to give everybody just a moment.
And Tickle Me Elmo did it.
Miss Maya also on Instagram asks if there's a topic that you would be too scared to cover.
Oof.
Yeah.
I mean, yes.
I'm not going to name them because even naming them might cause people to be upset.
And here's why.
I think that you can't cover.
And I mean, we do sometimes.
But I think it's very, very hard to cover emotional topics of the moment.
And that's why the show, as much as possible, covers the history that we have to inform the present so people can make their own interpretations,
try to put things in their own perspective through understanding the history of whatever we're talking about.
Because I think it's so difficult to talk about something that's happening right now.
And I don't think it's useful because people aren't going to be able to absorb the information.
And I think that's fine because we need we need.
I mean, I don't want to say panics, but we need social upheavals.
And a lot of times those are going to feel they're going to feel uncomfortable and they're going to feel scary.
And they're not worth talking about at the moment because these things are I don't know.
You just can't get through to people in the same way, I think.
Do you guys have anything to add?
Sure.
I you know, I think that there's a lot of stuff with the political climate right now.
I wouldn't touch with the 10 foot pole.
But that's also that's also coming from me.
And I'm not even Chelsea.
I'm not the one that has to to talk about it, you know, so help.
Yeah, I'm with you 100 percent on that.
The the whole political thing.
There's enough people doing that that I don't think we I think that's the beautiful part about American hysteria is that you get to take a break from the nonsense.
Go dive into some weird, creepy corner of American history, American lore.
Get lost in it.
And when you come up for air, there's plenty of political vitriol waiting for you so you can jump in to that slimy pool.
And that's fine.
If that's your thing, go for it.
But American hysteria is here, I think, to be a palate cleanser, to kind of let you take that reprieve from the nonsense and jump into some weird, creepy stupidity or racism.
And believe me, these waters aren't that unslimy.
And we have we have what you you want racism.
We got it.
We get bigotry.
It's mostly all of the show.
Yeah.
I mean, Satanism.
We got it, too.
We got it.
We got it all.
And hopefully, you know, hopefully the political because, you know, I'm a political person.
I am.
I care a lot.
But I hope that I think the what we really try to do is not always.
I wouldn't say that we're, you know, like fair and balanced 24 seven because I have my own things that I inject into the show.
But we try to invite people into conversations rather than, you know, demonize the other people who are easy sometimes to demonize.
If you cling to one side of the political spectrum or spectrum, like really, really hard.
Yeah.
And it's it's fun that there's kind of a balance of of ideology because, Rod, you're a 20 year.
Military vet.
Yeah.
Yeah.
20 year army veteran.
Army.
Yeah.
So it's it's fun to have that perspective every once in a while.
And because none of us have done any of that.
Yeah, absolutely.
But it's funny.
And I'll say that this that when you're a military vet, there's an assumption about your political leanings.
Yeah.
There's assumption about your leanings on social issues and social commentary, everything from like, oh, you're military.
You must be anti-gay or you must be anti-LGBT or, oh, you must be a Republican or you must be pro-gun.
Well, I mean, but here's here's the thing.
I think there's a there's a great diversity in the veteran population.
I've shared this this podcast with a lot of my veteran friends who listen to it.
And they're like, dude, this is effing awesome.
This is so much fun.
A hundred percent.
You have a lot of veteran fans.
And then sometimes they hit me back up.
They're like, so this Chelsea person got a little got a little political at the end of that one.
And I'm like, well, it's Chelsea show.
I mean, yeah, and everything's political.
Yeah.
And then they're the day.
Yeah.
But at the end of the day, you don't have to agree with everything Chelsea saying.
You just have to enjoy that.
There's a different opinion out there and it's not a political show.
Like you're allowed to have your opinions.
Whatever, dude.
Yeah, I feel that.
Just doing the research.
What crazy dreams have you guys had as a result of making the show?
Amelia from Facebook wants to know.
Well, as I mentioned on the last take, I don't remember my dreams.
I don't know if I dream that much.
I did dream last night, so that's not true.
But I don't really dream very much.
And most of the time it has nothing to do with anything in my life.
So I feel lucky about that because I just want to be dead to the world.
And I want to have a sort of eternal blankness in which nothing happens because I need a break from myself and from Earth.
So it's nice that I don't dream.
But I think I know Riley has had a fun, interesting dream.
It wasn't related to anything we did on the show, but I had a People's Temple Jonestown dream once.
And it was actually really fun.
It was like a party.
It wasn't at Jonestown, but it was People's Temple.
It was like when Jonestown felt good and things were kind of going well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was cool.
Because it went well for a little bit.
When Jonestown was fun.
It was okay until it was deeply not okay.
Yeah.
Things don't usually seep into my dreams except one time when I watched Back to the Future three times in one week and it gave me vertigo.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And that also had to do with you getting your wisdom teeth out.
Yes.
Yeah.
He called me.
Riley's my brother, in case you don't know.
But he called me after getting his wisdom teeth out.
And all I remember him saying is, you know, with the cotton in his mouth.
I'm going to watch Back to the Future.
He's also had a series of dreams that were Telemundo.
Yes.
Spanish language.
I don't speak Spanish, so I don't know where that came from.
It might have just been like gibberish.
But it was recurring for at least a few weeks.
It was bizarre.
It was fun.
It was fun.
I'm jealous a little bit.
By the way, I'm starting a band and we're going to make t-shirts called Jonestown.
That before, when Jonestown was fun.
There it is.
That's the name of the band.
When Jonestown was fun.
Oh, can we all be in this band?
We should start this band.
I'm in.
I mean, we can just model it after the Jonestown singing, which we have evidence of.
Great.
So I think that's a great t-shirt for like merch.
American Hysteria.
Totally.
When Jonestown was fun.
We have a few ideas.
Yeah.
We do.
One of them is Patty Hearst's dog.
Yeah.
Just a picture of Patty Hearst's dog who won the Westminster Dog Show a few years ago,
which I cannot get over.
I cannot get over.
You guys look up this picture.
Patty Hearst's dog is the funniest dog you've ever seen in your life.
And it won.
And Patty Hearst, of course, was the heiress turned possibly coerced.
Terrorist.
Domestic terrorist.
Domestic terrorist.
And now she's a show's dogs.
Rod, have you had any crazy dreams because of the show?
Yeah.
Like I said, the satanic panic episode definitely gave me some terrible, terrible nightmares.
Not happy with those.
But yeah, I dream vividly.
I dream super vivid.
Like I sometimes I have difficulty, I think, waking up from them.
So, yeah, not fun.
Those are not good.
I have the exact opposite of what Chelsea goes through.
Like doesn't remember them.
Doesn't really like, no, I'm the opposite end of that whole spectrum.
I'm like, I'm in it.
This is real.
This sucks.
Or like sleep paralysis.
No, I just like sometimes I'll be in a dream and I'll know I'm dreaming, but I can't wake up.
And I'm like, I know this isn't real.
Come on, Rod.
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up.
I've had that.
I don't like it.
Not fun.
I don't like it.
You guys.
Sometimes I have dreams about Chelsea's anxiety about the show, but she's a very, very empathetic creature.
Jacqueline from Twitter says, I know it can be easy to slip into a quote.
These people are all idiots mindset.
And you talk about how it's important to maintain your integrity with the show.
So she wants to know how you keep perspective when investigating how people are shaped and react to moral panics.
And on the same kind of token, it's Davey, whose Twitter bio is life's too short to pretend you hate Taylor Swift.
We love it.
Or that you don't love Taylor Swift.
So I just needed to throw that in there.
But he also asked a similar question and said he imagines it could get depressing and wonders how you stay so bright and cheery.
It's a farce.
It's a farce.
No, it's not.
But I have always tried to be optimistic, which isn't always what I am.
But I think that what American Hysteria has taught me and what my whole life has taught me, which includes like hitchhiking and doing a bunch of ridiculous stuff in my youth, is that people are deeply, deeply, deeply complicated.
And simplifying anyone down to any kind of stereotype is silly.
I mean, it's not helpful.
And I don't think people are idiots.
I mean, it's really tempting.
And I'll definitely say it a lot.
And I think there are people out there.
For me, the defining feature of a person that I can really deal with is someone who's trying, trying to be a better person, whatever that means.
And people just the thing about everything is people are shaped by their environment.
They're shaped by their biological, you know, their biological biases that we all have when we were hunter gatherers.
We're shaped by our parents.
We're shaped by all these forces that we don't control.
And in a lot of ways, it's hard to know how much of our personalities we really control.
And that's not an excuse for any type of destructive behavior.
That's just a reality of trying to continue to keep my integrity and remember that what really matters is unification as much as possible.
And talking about things.
Things.
Yes.
And being honest and looking at things in an honest manner.
And that can be really, really difficult for people.
But I kind of don't I kind of don't care that it's difficult anymore because, you know, the truth is the only way to inform your own beliefs and my own beliefs.
And right now we have a lot of myths, mistruths and a lot of digging in.
And this isn't some kind of like we can all be together and happy.
I don't mean that, but we can all try.
And I think encouraging trying is how I keep my integrity and feel OK and not get too stressed.
But what do you what about you guys?
What do you do for your self-care in this in this roller coaster?
I feel like I, you know, I do self-care anyway, but I don't particularly need it for some reason with this.
You know, I find American hysteria almost comforting sometimes because we're all prone to hysteria.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
And I think it just it's a very humanizing sort of concept.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hell yeah.
Just because we talk about it doesn't mean we're above it or we don't.
Absolutely.
God, we are so not above it.
Nope.
Deeply hysterical.
Yep.
All the time.
And a lot of people talk about the problematic nature of that word with me.
And I consider it a taking back term because, yes, it was used against women forever.
But, you know, anyone can be hysterical.
And oftentimes the people who are being hysterical in our show are unexpected types of people that don't don't necessarily associate with the history of that word.
But what about you, Rod?
Well, I think it's funny that hysteria and being hysterical.
And again, we were just talking about, like, you know, the veteran community.
And there's a word that, you know, my fellow vets love to throw around.
It's called being a snowflake.
And I think it's funny that the people who throw that term around are often the very people who are being something of a snowflake themselves.
Sure.
They're freaking out.
They're like, oh, my God, you said this and I'm so mad.
I'm like, oh, okay.
War on Christmas, maybe?
Yeah.
Are we talking about the war on Christmas?
Anything.
You name it.
I know.
But what's funny is American hysteria is actually – that's my – this is my self-therapy.
What was the term that you used, Miranda?
Self-care?
Self-care.
Yeah.
That's my – this is my self-care is American hysteria, honestly.
Oh, my God.
Because here's the thing.
I was just telling Riley.
I do a lot of other shows.
I have very strict deadlines.
And none of that – most of that material, most of those shows – I love my client's death, but they're not as interesting as this.
Yeah.
So some of it's very dry.
Some of it's very businessy.
And I'm just like, okay, just make sure everything works.
This show takes about three hours to produce on my end.
Every episode is about three hours.
And that's like editing and finding the right music and soundscapes.
And to me, that's so relaxing to find the right creepy vibe and, you know, sending it back and forth to Chelsea and then hearing like, oh, that works.
Or can you add something that goes – and my favorite thing is what Chelsea says.
Can you – something goes, ooh, but not, ooh.
You know, and I'm like, I don't know what you're talking about, but okay, I'll figure it out.
Figure it out, Rod.
Real quick, Allie Berhow from Instagram wants to know where you, Chelsea, and Riley, and me too, where we do our research and favorite books and sites and resources.
And I just wanted to say that I'm posting all of the books I read for American Hysteria on my Instagram and using the hashtag American Hysteria Book Club because it's my greatest dream to start an American Hysteria Book Club because I love book clubs.
And a lot of times they're books that I've been reading too and probably things that Riley may read.
So, Riley, if you have books for the book club, you just hashtag them and send them our way.
But I know for me, books are so helpful, especially structuring, and I always choose academic texts, not because I'm an elitist, but because academics tend to spend their lives on something extremely specific.
And they sometimes do a lot of work for me of digging through articles from the 1800s and pulling out quotes from Puritans that they found in journals from the 1600s that I use.
So, thank you, academics.
So, I use a lot of academic articles, which includes a lot of heavy psychological studies and then the studies that refute those studies.
And I try really hard to be, you know, to be impartial.
And that just means reading a lot of stuff.
And they can be articles, but then you can't trust anyone.
You can't trust anyone, you guys.
You can't trust anyone.
Any media, you can't trust it.
But, yeah, it's a lot of really boring stuff.
And then you just got to, like, find the interesting things and then make it poppy and fun and consumable.
And, yeah, that's it, really.
What about you, Riley?
I use Wikipedia as a jumping off point.
I think there's nothing wrong with that.
No, there's not.
It gives good, you know, references and then finding academic materials.
But I think the most rewarding parts for me, especially if we're doing an episode that reflects on events from the far past, the most rewarding part is finding very old articles that speak in old-timey language that are very, very alarmist.
I always feel like that's a score when I can find one of those.
It is gold.
It's the greatest score of all is finding something in old-timey language that is a terrified voice from, like, the New York Times.
And I have quotes that didn't make it to the episodes that we should do something with something.
Just a quote mashup.
Yeah.
I actually have a question for the three of you.
Okay.
And it didn't occur to me until, you know, just now, Riley.
How do you guys deal with the racism?
Like, you're reading something and there's a juicy piece that actually contributes to the story.
But then they drop the N-bomb or they're saying some really ugly stuff.
And you're like, I want this, but I don't want to be the person that has to say this.
Yeah.
I edit the quotes.
That's, like, what I do.
I mean, it's maybe I'm not trying to be dishonest, but I'm not just going to, like, throw around.
I mean, there's a lot of harmful language, but it tends to be language that isn't.
I tend to leave language in that illuminates the current moment, but isn't necessarily something that would be extremely difficult.
And everything's extremely difficult.
So I guess what I mean is these words that are still really, really, really harmful and really still pertinent in everything.
But, yeah, I edit things out and I keep the integrity of the quote, but I drop.
So anytime you hear a quote from the past, it's probably way worse than you even think.
So there you go.
That's how I deal with it.
And I mean, yeah.
Multiply what you said by about 10.
Yeah.
And that's what they said back in the 30s.
And I tend to leave some some worse language in like the gay agenda episode just because that's my identity.
And I feel like it's more within my more within the purview.
Yeah.
It's more within my purview.
And it's more something that I I know how it I don't always know, but I do tend to know a little bit better how it feels and how to how to present that information.
And navigate it.
And I wouldn't claim to be able to do that for any other type of of person or identity.
Yeah.
Good question, Rod.
Yeah.
Thanks, Rod.
Let's talk about season three.
Great.
Yeah.
Season three is going to cover.
It's going to be hysteria, sure, but it's going to be more like long term ingrained beliefs, delusions and archetypes is what we're saying that we we get wrong or we have used as a mechanism for other behaviors.
Like the war on Christmas was an episode that was more about how Christmas is ingrained in us and how how strange those beliefs are.
And for the episode I'm working on right now called burgers.
It's about the symbol of the hamburger and sort of what we're willing to give up right now with climate change and also with sort of like the horrors that we are able to ignore.
And that has a lot to do with.
And that's going to be a controversial episode, I'm sure, as I've mentioned.
But I think that I'm losing my train of thought.
Sorry, guys.
It's a lot.
It's a yeah, it's a lot of cognitive dissonance.
That's what it is.
That's what I'm looking for.
Thanks, Miranda.
Yeah, we're talking about cognitive dissonance and we're talking about how we deal with and this is a buzzword, but how we deal with our privileges and how we deal with the things that we value and who we think we are.
And then the behaviors that don't match up with that and how defense mechanisms can turn into anger and panic.
And that's so it's a little bit different.
It's in the same vein, but we're covering things like suburbia, the homeless.
We're doing even hipsters and rednecks and trying to break down these two labels that have very interesting histories that that people wouldn't expect.
And they're just such the archetypes are being used right now so heavily.
And that's really interesting to us, I think.
Yeah.
Riley, you've been researching.
Yes, I have.
Yeah, I think that this next season is going to be really cool.
I think that a lot of the stuff we're looking at is rooted in the past, but also very ongoing and current without being too scary to talk about.
And yeah, I'm excited.
That's great.
We are going to get a slightly more controversial in this season, but I think in ways that are valuable.
And still rooted largely in the past.
Yeah.
I mean, there's a lot of things we're going to explore that might feel uncomfortable for people that it hasn't that the show hasn't felt uncomfortable for yet.
And I think that's super important.
So, well, let's hear from Rod because I know you have some some visions for the soundscape.
No.
So this season, I want to get a little more hands on, a little more creative with some of the stuff we're doing.
A lot of the music that I choose to that I use is part made by me and then part tracks that we have licensing to use.
This season, I really want to jump into more creating my own soundscapes.
I am I'm diving into the world of Pro Tools more.
I've been primarily an audition, creative, sweet kind of person.
So visuals mostly and a lot of audio.
But this season, Pro Tools and I are we're coming together.
I am conquering this fear.
And if you're a Pro Tools user out there and you've got some cool tips and tricks or you want to share your series, your scary sounds sounds as scary soundscapes with me.
I really would like to open this out to to other folks to join in.
You've heard the show.
You know what we're looking for.
So.
Yeah.
You got music.
Yeah.
You got something cool to share.
You got music.
Let's talk.
I'd be more than happy.
We'll credit you.
Yeah.
We'll send people your way.
Do you have an email address that you want to send out there, Rod?
So you can send anything to Rod.
That's R-O-D at clear, commo, C-L-E-A-R-C-O-M-M-O dot com.
And of course, you can always reach out to Chelsea.
You can also reach out to Chelsea over Twitter and all those other American history handles.
Perfect.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Find us on social media.
And we have a video.
Hold on.
I want you to answer this, too.
Huh?
I want you to answer.
What was the question?
You know the question.
You read it.
But you're involved in this next season a lot.
Yeah.
I mean, we've just been kind of we're working on the burgers episode right now, which is
a one that's real close to my heart because animal advocacy is something I care a lot about.
But I also think it's really important to look at every angle because I totally I can understand
all of the tradition that's ingrained in in all of us.
And and I it's I've spent years kind of researching all of those sorts of things.
And so we've we've had a nice.
Yeah.
It's been a nice time.
It's been a really nice time watching horrifying videos as usual.
But yeah, I think that.
Yeah, I think I'm really excited for season three.
And I really hope that everybody likes it.
I just really hope everybody likes it.
OK, Miranda, get back to what you were saying.
Oh, I was saying you can find us on social media on Instagram and Twitter.
And we also have a video of our take one.
Yeah.
So you can see all the things that.
It's a different conversation.
Yeah.
That disappeared into the ether.
At least on an iPhone video.
Yes.
On Patreon.
If you want to support the show and make sure that we can get through season three.
Yes.
With food in our mouths and shoes on our feet.
We really need we really need patrons.
And each each month at the end of the month, I put up an extra episode.
But they are really short.
I mean, they're like 15 minute episodes.
We just did an episode on the Tylenol murders from the 1980s, as well as how Ted Kaczynski,
the Unabomber, could be involved in that.
Some conspiracy theories around that that we explore.
And then we also did the curse of the exorcist all around the strange.
But like, I don't know, man, convincing happenings around the exorcist.
The exorcist.
So, Rod, you shouldn't listen to that because it might be too scary for you.
But yeah, Patreon, we're having fun over there.
You know, we put up a lot of extra stuff you're going to get.
Oh, we should announce we're having a live show in Seattle.
I don't even think Rod knows this.
No, I told you.
This is a very professional official announcement.
It's a it's pretty new information.
But you're also the person that didn't tell me we're going to be doing this in the first
place.
So I'm just putting that out there.
The worst person ever.
Yes, we are making it work.
We are doing a live show.
Patrons will get early access to tickets and it's in Seattle at Town Hall.
And it's going to be different than our first live show.
It'll be live streamed as well.
So that'll be great for people.
We hope Rod comes.
It's March 20th.
But yeah.
So anyway, so we got that.
We got Patreon.
Come and follow us on social media for the book club.
Also, the ridiculous stories we put up.
We watch a lot of Lifetime movies, put up a lot of Lifetime movie clips you're not going
to want to miss.
Just pretty, pretty inane stuff to distract us all from the horrors of reality.
So, yeah, we did it.
We did it.
What else?
So, yeah, please.
I hope I hope you guys enjoyed this episode and hearing from the team.
So thank you so much, Miranda, for hosting.
Yeah, this was fun.
Yeah.
Always a great host.
And thank you to Riley Smith.
Happy to be here.
Thank you.
And all of your hard work and research and your great episode on Janet Jackson that we'll
treasure forever.
More to come.
More to come.
Riley will be co-writing our mini episodes this coming season, too.
And then thank you so much, Rod, for your haunting and hilarious soundscapes that you create
for us and your production, your patience and everything.
Glad.
So glad to be here.
That's great.
Yeah.
Thank you, Chelsea, for everything you do.
We all appreciate you.
Yeah.
Thanks, Chelsea.
Making this happen.
Thanks, Chelsea.
Thank you, guys.
I really appreciate that.
By the way, Chelsea, no pressure.
But my entire family depends on the success of the show.
Great.
Great.
Great.
No pressure at all.
No.
Perfect.
Perfect.
I got to feed your children.
I understand.
Feed my family, please.
Please don't mess this up.
I'm going to try my darndest to feed your babies.
I don't think they're babies.
Anyway.
All right.
This has been American Syria.
And thank you so much, as always, for listening.
Bye.
Have a great week.
And here's some credits for you.
American Hysteria is hosted, produced, and some other stuff by me, Chelsea Weber-Smith.
Oh, wait.
From our own damn selves, this was American Hysteria.
The show is I do a lot of stuff.
I'm Chelsea Weber-Smith.
And today's episode was hosted by Miranda Zickler.
And we've got it produced over here by Clear Camo Studios, Rod Rodriguez.
And Riley Smith didn't necessarily help research this episode, but he does all the time.
And thank you for being here, all you guys.
And Patreon, social media, leave us reviews.
And we love you all.
And we thank you so, so, so much.
Because American Hysteria would, I mean, literally be nothing without you.
But also, your kind words just keep us going.
And keep us on track.
And, you know, and knowing what we need to do and what to value.
And that's just great.
So, anyway, thank you guys so much.
And in two weeks, you'll get the premiere of season two called Burgers.
Season three.
Season three called Burgers.
Burgers.
мешr touch.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Okay.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
