Hey everybody, I'm here with two of my most favorite people in the world from Guide to
the Unknown, which is a, what would you guys, what's your tagline?
Tell me.
We say we talk about spooky stuff with a pop culture bent.
What's better?
What could be better than that?
So we've got Kristen Rogers-Anderson and Will Rogers.
Hello.
Infamous.
Infamous?
Yeah.
I'll take infamous.
Why not?
I'll take it.
One of the most infamous figures in history.
One of the most infamous bad boy podcasters out there.
Well, I have been, I've been called a bad boy podcaster before.
Yeah, but not recently, right?
No, it was like a decade ago.
But also I have portrayed many of the most horrible men throughout recorded history on American Hysteria.
God, how could I even, that should be my opener.
I mean, you've been, also in our live show, you've, I mean, I can't even say the amount of people you've been,
and you're going to be some more horrific people in this one.
You don't know this yet, but I'm going to ask you to be the Zodiac.
Oh my God.
Did you know?
Chelsea.
Oh my God.
Did you know that the screenwriter of the upcoming Scream 5 is, it's a duo.
One of them is named John Vanderbilt, I believe is his name.
He wrote Zodiac.
Oh, sick.
I know.
Is he doing Scream 5?
Yes.
You know what else he wrote?
What?
The Adam Sandler, Jennifer Aniston vehicle, Murder Mystery on Netflix.
What's it called?
That's a fun movie.
Murder Mystery.
Oh.
It's called Murder Mystery.
Simply titled Murder Mystery.
I have skipped that so far.
I had skipped it as well because Adam Sandler is on the poster and in most scenes.
However.
Not a Sand fan?
I'm no longer 10.
One of my early birthday parties was to go see the Waterboy.
Dude, whatever.
I could quote the Waterboy for the rest of my life.
Yeah, absolutely.
But for the rest of my life.
For the rest of my life.
So we watched Murder Mystery, my wife and I, and it was incredible.
And I kept thinking, I remember hearing something about the people who wrote this.
The writing is really good.
It's like a legitimate murder mystery story that takes itself pretty seriously.
There's some Adam Sandler-ing going on in there.
Naturally.
But it's a pretty well-written, it's almost like a meta commentary on Murder Mysteries itself.
I mean, that's why it's called Murder Mystery, which is kind of like Scream, now that I think about it.
Murder Mystery as like a literal thing.
Scream as a literal name.
Perfect sense.
Self-conscious horror.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I couldn't believe it.
And so all of a sudden it turns out I'm a gigantic fan.
Awesome.
Of Adam Sandler.
Adam Sandler.
Well, and that is an excellent way to talk about what we're going to talk about today,
which, I mean, is loosely horror movies.
Because we're going to be doing a horror movie episode for our next season and about kind of like archetypes
and how horror reflects the social issues that are happening at the time and how our villains change and all that kind of stuff.
So I just like love horror movies and I love talking about horror movies with you guys.
And I'm really interested in what you've been watching and kind of like your opinions on horror and all of that type of stuff.
So I don't know.
Kristen, will you tell me what your relationship is like to horror movies starting whenever that began in your life?
Yes.
Okay.
Let's see.
I started watching them pretty young.
And even if it wasn't a legit horror movie, I always liked watching movies that scared me.
So whether it was the 1989 Batman and rewinding the part where the Joker turns around at the desk and you see his like real scary face for the first time.
It scared me, but it was awesome.
I've just, oh, I can't remember a time that I wasn't into them.
And I wish I could remember what the first horror movie I ever saw was, but I'm really not sure.
But it does feel like they're like in the fabric of my life, just like Cotton.
Oh, horror movies, the fabric of our lives.
I don't remember the melody to that commercial.
I think you got it.
It's like the touch, the feel of Cotton, the fabric of our lives.
My pitch was a little off.
I won't hear it.
Will Rogers got his hand over his face.
I believe horror movies are the fabric of your life as well, sir.
You know, it certainly is looking more and more like that is the case.
I was definitely a horror fan as a kid, undeniably.
One of the most traumatic experiences I ever had was that I saw the movie Psycho far too young.
I used to tell the story as saying that I was four.
That seems aggressively young.
I can't imagine that was the case.
It may have been an exaggeration.
I've always been an exaggerator.
But I saw that movie way too young and it definitely, it created this fear in me of being in the shower and shampooing my hair.
Because once you're shampooing, your eyes have got to be closed.
And if your eyes are closed, somebody can be creeping into the bathroom with a knife.
So I was definitely fascinated by horror, affected by horror.
But I would argue that it wasn't even really until probably my late 20s that I started going, you know what?
I do a lot of shows about like books and comedy and I try to write comedy.
I think I need to face facts.
I only care about horror movies.
Yeah.
Like we would try to do other things.
And then at some point I was like, anytime we do something else, there's still, it's about horror or about mystery.
Even if it's a murder mystery or something.
I was like, why don't we like focus on that for a podcast rather than these other things?
But horror is the unifying theme.
Yeah.
Pretty sure it's all I actually care about.
Yeah.
I think it's all I care about too.
Yeah.
You approach it in different ways sometimes.
But like, yeah, it does seem like it is a central interest for us between the three of us and just like in our lives.
It sure is.
Yeah, it sure is.
And I think, I mean, I think I've talked about on the show enough about my horror movie obsession and how I got there.
I've probably talked about it in like three episodes.
But we're really going to just go even deeper.
It bears repeating.
Yeah, it does.
It bears repeating.
But yeah, I mean, I've been a horror fan since I was, could run alone into the horror section of Blockbuster.
And I wasn't allowed to watch them, but it was just like, it was like, like brushing my hands along the books in Bell's library.
You know, when she gets in there and it's just like, you know, and the beast was my parents not letting me go there.
Just kidding.
My mom and, well, not my stepdad, but my mom's a huge horror movie fan.
And as I've mentioned, she used to watch a lot of horror movies when I was an embryo.
Embryo.
And she watched a movie that I've never watched called The Seventh Sign or The Seventh Seal about how.
Ingmar Bergman.
Yeah.
The last baby to have a soul in heaven.
And then they ran out of souls.
So she was concerned about that a little bit.
She also read It and couldn't go jogging for like three months.
Oh, my God.
I didn't realize that your mom read It while she was pregnant with you.
This makes.
No, no, no.
It's like.
No, no, no.
Before.
But still, it was part of her constitution, part of the fabric of her life.
Exactly.
And it got passed on to you.
This.
Yes.
But it couldn't have been that much.
I was born in 88.
So, I mean, when did that book come out?
Probably the year before.
Two years before.
Before she was pregnant with me.
Because she was.
It came out for you.
They were like, the child is coming.
Must be infused with the power of it.
Do you remember when I tried to edit that little promo for you?
Where you're Pennywise in a sewer luring people?
Dude.
Does that ring a bell?
Of course it does.
We need to.
I need to dig that up.
Yeah.
Will made a promo for our clowns episode.
I think it was for clowns.
Probably.
I don't know.
Or it was for our live show.
But yeah.
He edited me into the sewer.
Some of the worst editing I've ever done.
But that's probably why it's good.
Probably.
I just wanted an excuse to run around in the street and film a sewer.
Yeah.
I was very pleased with the final results.
So give yourself some credit for that.
Yeah.
Did that not end up somewhere?
I feel like I've seen it.
It definitely ended up on that.
I'm sure it's on Instagram.
I'm sure it's on the Instagram feed.
Okay.
Okay.
So I'll have to just do some scrolling.
Yeah.
So anyway.
Yeah.
You guys.
Why don't you talk a little bit more about kind of like some of the recent stuff you guys
have been talking about on Guide to the Unknown.
Okay.
Well, first, not to direct this in a different way before we get away from your personal history
with hormones and all that.
Are you super stoked to be doing this for American Hysteria?
Do you see this as like a little bit of a lightning up of the subject matter?
Like, are you looking forward to it?
Well, you know, I am.
And I think we're going to talk a lot about like the transgender representation in horror
because it's like in terms of our villains and like what's the root of that and why does
that come back?
And even with like J.K.
Rowling's recent stuff that she's been doing, she has created what she calls a man who's cross-dressing
as her central villain in her new novel and her new like murder novel.
So a serial killer who's a man who dresses a woman.
And of course, when you put that in context, some of the other stuff she said, it's problematic.
And then it's like that history is so long and deep and, you know, goes back to like Ed Gein
and the whole, you know, I mean, even Psycho, right, is about this.
Like, so we're just really going to like dive into some of that.
So I'm not looking as forward to that just because it's like, it's going to be depressing.
But then, of course, we've already talked about horror movies like in Rednecks and like the
demonization of like the murderous blood drinking Redneck.
And then, you know, I don't know.
I'm interested.
I'm going to bring up some more themes for you guys in a little bit.
But I'm excited.
And it's going to be also really fun, even though that's like a rough theme.
And there's a million themes because we've used horror movies.
Horror movies are like urban legends, right?
They're like cautionary tales.
That's what I think of them as.
Yeah.
The more and more as I get older in particular, I think about horror movies as like a digestive
aid to some extent.
I feel like I'm always at risk of like repeating myself a million ways that people listen to our
stuff.
But like I was thinking recently about, as always, Scream as a movie that is, you know,
like it was like a postmodern thing.
It was a horror movie about horror movies.
But it was also one of the first times that the focal object, the like MacGuffin of the
movie Scream is a cell phone.
And obviously that Drew Barrymore iconic opening is all about sort of recreating the babysitter
myth, the calls coming from inside the house.
My favorite urban legend of all time, by the way.
An amazing urban legend.
I think we did a deep dive on that.
We did.
On Guide to the Unknown of trying to like trace back the origin.
No better version than the scary stories to tell in the dark version for me.
Oh, perfect.
Yeah.
Anyway, continue.
But with the particular like, you know, 90s escalation of it of, hey, even worse than
the call coming from inside the house, it's coming from just outside the house and they
can see you prior to, you know, the reason why the babysitter story was so scary is because
they had just invented having two lines in a single house.
So somebody could call you.
Yeah, me neither.
I hadn't really thought about that.
Yeah.
Because you can't just call your own house.
You have to have a second line in the house.
So that was scary new technology.
But that story is no longer scary because if somebody is calling you, then the one thing
you know is where they are.
Exactly.
They are wherever that phone is.
Yeah.
Because that phone is wired to the wall.
And if they're talking to you, then they're not in the same room as you.
But great.
That's actually good news in the modern era.
It is good news.
But Scream, Kevin Williamson saw the cell phone as meaning like, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Everyone is less safe because anybody can call you and menace you from anywhere.
And I really view, like, there are so many movies that are about scary technology and
Scream to me is just like the epicenter of my world.
So like, I always think about it as like, oh, the world has invented something new.
Here is how we all process that new technology.
One, we fear it.
Two, we all start to adopt it.
Three, we love it.
We can't imagine the world without it.
During that first phase where we fear it, horror movies, scary stories, and urban legends
are all there to tell you a worst case scenario surrounding that new technology so that you
know how bad it could possibly get.
And everything else outside of somebody calling me on that phone to murder me is all gravy.
Maybe I should be fine with a cell phone.
It's all fine.
It helps us digest new advancements.
A hot take.
Hot, hot.
I love that.
I know.
And it makes total sense because it's like a bummery part of human nature for when something
new and cool comes about, you think about, well, but what if?
Or like, what's the downside of this?
And that's taking it to its farthest, scariest conclusion and being like, well, at least it's
not that.
We can watch it from a safe distance.
We don't have to experience it.
But we're acknowledging all together that we have thought of the way this could go down.
Yeah.
It's no worse than being afraid of Sasquatch.
If you get too far out into nature, if you leave society for too long, you run the risk
of something out there taking you, eating you, killing you or something.
So the lesson is great.
Stay close to society where it's safer.
They're like survival instinct things.
Horror movies teach you how to survive.
And so are our fear of monsters.
They're just manifestations of the rule of don't stray too far from your community lest
you get picked off, right?
So the other thing you made me think of is when we were doing Talking to the Dead, which
I'm sure you voiced, were you Houdini in that?
You were somebody.
I might have been.
Houdini rings a bell.
I have a folder with just like all my roles somewhere.
Oh, God bless.
We'll just have to do a mad super cut one day.
Yeah.
I really think we should do bloopers, actually.
I think we've had you doing bloopers on the end of something that producer Rod threw
on the end.
I don't remember what it was.
There was a period of time at the beginning where I tried to be very professional and just
give you the clean audio.
And then somewhere in there, I started just going like, Chelsea, what is this?
And then say the line and just go like, I don't know what's happening.
And then do a take two.
And then just like, fuck.
Yeah.
So many horrible people said so many horrible things.
Oh, yeah.
Well, sure did.
So anyway, so spiritualism, you reminded me of that because, or I mean, Talking to the
Dead and spiritualism, because that was really happening when the first phones were being
invented and the radio and these disembodied voices.
Right.
So it was like this weird way that we are expressing that fear, but also kind of taking
advantage of it because it was like a lot of hucksters.
But I don't know.
Technology, I think, is so intertwined with horror and then also the paranormal or like our
perceptions of new, whatever, new threats.
I don't know.
I think that stuff's so fun.
I do too.
And now, of course, we have like all of these internet horror movies, right, that are coming
out.
I mean, okay.
Did you guys watch Host?
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
Yes.
Jesus Christ.
I was so into Host.
Yeah.
Me too.
I loved it.
I like bullied Will into watching it after I watched it because I thought it was so good,
so fun.
It was like exactly what I want.
Yeah.
What did you think, Will?
I loved it.
It was one of the first like, I hate throwing this out there because I also consider myself
like an independent creator, but like it was one of the first like real pieces of media
that I've seen in the post-COVID world that addresses it.
Like I've seen people do videos and things on YouTube, but this was the first time that
I've seen like a movie, like a film, like kind of address it and treat it just as like
a fact.
Right.
Like this movie just takes place during COVID.
COVID is not the point, but they are all sort of like suffering the effect of we're all
tamped in.
So of course we're all talking on Zoom.
And I thought the matter of factness of that just made the entire world seem really believable.
Yeah.
And once they bought me in on that, I was just happy for them to go wherever they went.
Well, and so just in case people don't know what host is, I imagine people don't.
It's a shutter put it out and it is the first horror movie made in COVID or so they're saying,
you know, the first probably major motion picture made in COVID.
And as Will said, it's, it acknowledges it because it happens entirely on Zoom.
But it is about what else but a seance that happens over Zoom and what happens from that in each
individual household as they're sort of powerless to watch their friends get picked up or get
haunted or, and there's just like some great Instagram filter.
Like, that's the best part, right?
You know what I'm talking about.
Yes.
That was amazing.
If you guys have seen it, you know what we're talking about.
But it's, it's really, really, really fantastic.
And I think it's really in the creepypasta sort of world where we're starting to move
into online urban legends and everything.
I mean, do you guys get so disoriented from those movies?
Because I keep trying to click because I think that I'm on YouTube and it's not the bottom
like time bar is, I just, it's so disorienting, but it's, and you wouldn't think it could be
entertaining happening entirely online, but it's, it totally is.
Because it's so engrossing.
I think because like the fact that you can get disoriented speaks to how engrossing and
involving it is because most of us are used to seeing some sort of variation of this screen,
this like Zoom thing that's divided in six, like at some point in our daily lives, it's familiar
enough to us.
So you can really feel like, oh, I'm, I'm in this, I'm watching it.
I'm kind of part of it.
Yeah.
I actually watched host with a friend over discord.
So we both just synced up host and then it would hit play at the same time.
And then when like the zoom controls popped up, I was like, I'm not talking to him over
zoom.
And I like tried to close it.
Oh, right.
I just hit play on the movie.
Like, it's so weird.
I went, it was like a five second gap between me hitting play on the movie and thinking the
movie was just the zoom app on my computer.
Like, yeah, it took no time at all for me to get like confused.
I loved it.
And they use all these things that are kind of familiar to us, even in theory.
So zoom, obviously filters.
One of the characters has, you know, you can make like a zoom background of whatever you
want.
They use that in a really, really interesting way.
They even use just some of the like functional parts of zoom, the way that it starts up or
the way that it ends are like semi plot points is a little bit too far to say, but like they're
part of what's happening.
And I thought it was so cool.
And it also, did you guys know much about the movie before you watched it?
Cause I didn't, I just knew that everybody was talking about host, but I knew like nothing
about it.
I don't know what I was thinking.
First of all, Allie refused to watch it with me, but also she didn't know anything about
it.
She just knew it was called a host.
I think in the same way that for a while I was resistant to seeing the movie parasite.
Yes.
Something about it.
The name parasite made me think like literally about a parasitic organism, which is just not
my thing.
I think host did the same thing for Allie and you know, parasite and host, I don't know.
I get it.
But like, so she had avoided watching it.
Parasite of course being fantastic.
Yeah.
So good.
Ooh.
Yeah.
I know.
Incredible.
But no, I just like, I didn't know anything.
Kristen literally had to bully me into watching it and not because I was avoiding it just cause
I was like, I've, there's so many other things that I'm either doing or I, I, my favorite
movie these days is sitting, looking at Twitter and getting depressed.
So like I'm busy.
I don't have time for a movie right now.
Yeah.
I just knew that like, he just wouldn't get around to it.
Not because he was avoiding it, but just be like, and it's a new thing.
I don't really know what it is, whatever.
But I was like, it's 56 minutes, which I also thought was beautiful about it.
Love a shorty.
And, um, going into it, I don't know if you guys felt this way.
I, I really didn't know what was going to be happening in it.
And at one point, this isn't a spoiler alert cause nothing really comes of it.
This guy, um, who's on the zoom call kind of zooms in, in a joking way with their friends
onto like a creepy marionette clown kind of doll.
And I was like, Oh, okay.
Is it this kind of movie?
Like, is this, this has to come back around obviously.
Cause it's a scary thing.
It's going to pop us, pop out at us at some point, but it, it didn't happen.
It was just like a non sequitur friends just showing each other weird shit in their houses
and left it that way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I loved it.
Dude.
You know, I got to say the movie it most reminded me of is the Blair Witch Project.
Oh yeah.
I don't know if you felt that.
Um, but of course, uh, will, of course, I don't know why anyone would know this, but
Will and I, uh, ended up going to, uh, you want to tell the story?
We ended up going.
Have we not told this before?
I mean, we've told it somewhere.
I don't know.
Probably.
We were together.
We used to work together at the same company and we were in Baltimore and we decided to
go to the home of the Blair Witch.
Well, it was even weirder than that because Allie and I were driving down to Baltimore.
I had already primed her because I was saying overnight we were like getting a hotel.
It was like, Hey, on the way back up, I looked it up.
Burkittsville where they shot the Blair Witch Project is only like two miles away.
And she kind of gave me this look of like, okay, yes, we can go to, we can go to Burkittsville
so that you can just creep around this small town, freak people out and annoy them.
It's like notorious that like people in Burkittsville after that movie came out, we're like enough
with the tourism.
Stop stealing the town sign.
Leave us alone.
Mary Brown isn't here.
Yeah, exactly.
And then, you know, here I come, you know, I'm like, you know, eight foot four, a thousand
pounds.
And there's, oh, I wonder what he's here for.
Great.
So wearing all black.
Yeah.
So you and I had obviously known each other, but you're West Coast.
I'm East Coast.
This is like one of the greatest rap battles of all time.
And we were meeting in person for the first time ever.
And I remember I walked up to you at this like company party and it was just kind of like,
hey, how weird to like meet in real life.
And I think one of the first things you said was, hey, so I don't know if this is weird,
but I really want to go to Burkittsville.
And I was like, we're already going to Burkittsville.
Just get in the car.
It was great.
It was so great.
It could not have been more perfect.
The only thing we didn't do is go into the woods, man.
It wasn't, I wanted to go camping so bad, but it wasn't, it just wasn't on the schedule.
One day we'll go back.
Who knew?
The Black Hills Forest is like a further two hours away or something like that.
But we did find woods technically.
We did technically go there and like film a thing.
And we, did you make stick men out of your sticks?
I don't know what happened to my sticks.
No.
I had to fly on an airplane and I don't know if I took my sticks on the airplane.
I know.
You got a stick man?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
I've got tons of stick men down here.
I love making them.
We're gesturing upward as we're talking because Will made a whole bunch of them and just had
them around or whatever.
And then there was one weekend or some period of time where Will and Allie went out of town.
So I was watching their dog, Molly, and I took the stick men and hung them from the ceiling
all over his basement office down here so that they would be like that when he came home.
Nice.
That was awesome.
I kept one of them hanging up there just to commemorate.
Right after it came out, I must have been 11, I think, when it came out.
And I got really obsessed with making stick men.
And I would just make them and make them.
And then I would put them in weird places for people.
That's amazing.
That is the best way you could spend your time.
That's awesome.
It was.
It was a good time.
Down at Weekend Dad's house, we did a lot of fun stuff.
Stick man making.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Admittedly, I came to Blair Witch kind of late.
I want to say that I didn't really.
I'm sure I had seen it around the time that it came out.
I know I didn't see it in theaters.
But it probably wasn't until I was in my late 20s that I saw it and paid attention to it for the first time.
And fell in love with it in such a profound way.
Yeah.
Where it is, to me, that original movie and sort of like the mythos around it, like the Blair Witch Project had a dossier book that assumes the events of the movie were factual.
And tells the story of a detective that was hired to like sort through the aftermath of Heather, Mike, and Josh going missing.
And really presenting it as a real event with, you know, scans of forms and investigations of the chemical content of the soil.
Yeah, it goes deep.
It goes so deep in such a plausible way that like I started focusing on Blair Witch as like all that happens in that movie is someone tells you a scary story.
You go into the woods and it all goes haywire.
And it just feels like the movie is about storytelling.
It is a story that is about the power of folklore and campfire myth.
Absolutely.
And nothing is factual in that movie, arguably.
You know, like people take certain things as a fact from that film because people said it.
But my perspective on it is like anytime a character says this happened, that happened, that happened, it's the 88th iteration of a game of telephone.
Yeah.
Who knows if any of them are right.
There's no witch.
Like to me, there's not a witch in those woods is my interpretation.
I don't think there's a witch in those woods either.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, and the other great thing about it was that the same day it came out or right around there,
sci-fi channel put that documentary out.
And sometimes I think I like the documentary even more.
I just love that documentary.
I love it.
The lore that they created.
And of course, so much of it probably had to be cut because like host, they fit it in such a small,
was like 90 minutes or something like a time.
Oh, even less.
Under an hour.
Yeah.
And oh, it was, it wasn't under an hour.
Really?
Yeah.
It's 56 minutes.
Damn.
So short.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's not feature length.
Oh, no, no, no.
I'm sorry.
You said, oh, you said host.
So we got hung up on host.
I meant Blair Witch.
Blair Witch is like, they're both like real tight short films.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But so it's almost like they didn't have, I don't know.
But then you come to the lore in an outside way, which then makes it feel so much more
authentic, right?
And satisfying.
It's so satisfying.
And of course, the website, the campaign, we had did a whole episode on it for American Hysteria,
of course.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I don't know.
I think.
So, okay.
I want to talk about the themes that are kind of coming back in horror right now or getting
popular because, you know, we've talked about in a lot of different episodes of American
Hysteria, sort of like horror coming out at a certain point and either like helping create
culture or at least like mirroring culture, for example, would be redneck horror movies
that happened in the, you know, 70s, 80s, 90s.
And then also the satanic panic horror movies and the exorcism horror movies that like wildly
informed the next two decades, which are like totally coming back now.
So I think that's going to be a lot of what we focus on or like what's the social issues,
what are going, what's going on at the time that they're made before and after.
And then how is it kind of affecting culture?
And right now, I mean, satanic panic is back politically.
I mean, it's, it's, I can't live in this world because I can't ever escape from work because
it's just like, I know all these actual people who are in the government are talking about
satanic cults and like child trafficking.
And it's the exact same thing.
And the movies, I mean, even host, right?
Like we're getting, it's not like exorcism movies ever go away, but we're getting a little
bit more again of this, like, like satanic that came out, um, satanic panic, another
horror movie came out just like, and I think some of them are a little tongue in cheek,
which is fantastic.
You know, people who grew up in the eighties, but you know, even things like, um, soft returns
like, uh, Sabrina and, you know, these different things that are mirroring both like, it feels
more like the people who are making them are understanding that these things aren't real, but
it's still back in our consciousness.
But I think the most interesting switch I've been seeing is that the villain is like the
elite.
I don't know if you guys like, like for example, like Den, right?
Did you guys see the Den?
No.
Oh, I know what you're talking about.
I want to.
My friend was just telling me.
Yeah.
It's like unfriended's predecessor.
That's better.
You know, like, uh, yeah, I love unfriended, but, um, I just watched unfriended after I watched
host.
Cause I was on a roll and I was like, this movie is insane.
It's insane.
I had a great time watching it, but it was so ridiculous.
I saw it once.
I'm good.
It's no host.
Yeah.
But I mean, we love the, we love trash.
We love good horror.
But more than anything, I think we want a little pop in there.
We don't really.
I am so weirdly on a Friday the 13th cook.
Really?
Cook?
Cook?
Cook?
What did I say?
What are you cooking?
Yeah.
Friday the 13th kick.
There you go.
Is probably the word I wanted.
Cook came out instead.
I apologize.
I apologize.
That's weird.
Someone screwed up the order of the words in there.
Yeah.
I don't know.
But that's like the epitome of like slash trash.
Yeah.
And I'm loving it at the moment.
It's just like the world's easier and breezier.
I know.
I was just thinking, did you just make that up?
Slash trash is fantastic.
I did just make that up.
Did you?
Did you for real though?
I did.
Okay.
It's good.
Thank you very much.
Yeah.
That's a great podcast name.
Slash trash.
Don't take it.
Yeah.
Copyright.
Willie Raj.
CC.
But your observation of the elite being the villains, something that I noticed a trend
in the last couple of years.
Did you see Knives Out?
Yep.
And did you see Ready or Not?
Mm-hmm.
Yes to both.
Okay.
I think Red State's another good example of what you're going to say too.
Isn't it Red State?
Kevin Smith?
Yeah.
Kevin Smith?
Yep.
Oh.
Oh, that's very interesting.
It's like an Illuminati horror, but anyway.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, kind of.
But the notion of old money family.
Yep.
Who are the villain as young, female, outsider, different cast comes in and has to dismantle.
Whether that difference is different background economically or is from another country, they
are looked down on by old money family and the two butt heads and the young female outsider
from a different background wins.
Spoiler alert.
I think it's pretty obvious.
Well, and you could say the same thing about Get Out, I would say, too.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's true.
Where it's a young black man, but still, it is still the same people who have normally
not won in horror, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's very true.
And somebody who, like, the elite, who's the bad guy, would deride in normal life and
wouldn't let have a leg up on them, getting a real leg up on them.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It does seem to be, like, kind of, in some ways, depending on who you are or whatever,
emblematic of the times, maybe kind of cathartic.
Yeah.
It's kind of nice to see people get taken down a peg.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That definitely does seem to be a trend right now, Chelsea.
And for sure.
It's a very uniting thing for people, I think.
You know.
Yeah.
White rich people.
People don't generally like them.
Right.
Yeah, exactly.
We can all kind of agree that they've, like, screwed up pretty hard.
Yeah.
And they're either evil, like, to, you know, liberal people for capitalism and all of these
problems, or they're evil for the right because they're demonic.
Yes.
Child trafficking.
We're not doing enough.
Right.
Yeah.
They're not hardcore enough.
It's weird.
Like, the horror rules, the evolution of it is interesting.
Like, I just brought up Friday the 13th, which is sort of, like, also the epitome of that
old slasher rules, the scream slasher rules of, like, you have sex, you die, you do drugs,
you die.
Never say I'll be right back.
Like, everyone in the Friday the 13th movies transgresses against those rules in some way,
and their morality plays of, like, you know, kids behaving badly.
Well, you're going to get what you deserve.
Jason is going to kill you.
And it's like the modern slasher rules are like, you're like a wealthy, uptight asshole.
And we're coming.
Yeah, you explode.
We pop you.
Yeah.
Like a balloon.
Well, we're not as scared of serial killers anymore because, you know, we're doing our
first premiere episode's true crime of this next season.
So it's a lot of, you know, you can see the serial killer of the 70s, 80s, 90s.
Like, that was so, that was so our big stranger danger, adult stranger danger is what I call it,
like cultural fear.
Yeah.
And now we just don't have as many serial killers because of DNA evidence.
Right.
You know, so now we're focusing on kind of what feels like, yeah, like in Red State,
it is like an Illuminati group.
That's a spoiler, but whatever.
You can feel it coming.
You can feel it coming.
Just put a big spoiler warning for movies that we mentioned in the show notes.
Yeah, seriously.
I'll pop it on the front.
Yeah.
Red State does, it flirts with one of the most interesting concepts ever in that movie.
In a weird way, I feel like Ready or Not actually sees it through.
There was a moment in Red State where you start to go like, oh, the cult was right.
Like, God is coming back to destroy people.
And then Kevin Smith just undoes that in the last 10 minutes of that movie and goes like, no, it wasn't what you thought it was.
It was some mundane thing.
God.
Which is, you know, he's got a comedian's impulse, which I get.
But like, for those three seconds that I was like, oh, God is real and he's on the side of the cult.
Yeah.
I could not have been more excited.
Yeah.
What terrible news to find out God is real and he's not on your side is so scary.
That is like the scariest thing.
Yeah.
Well, this is very timely for me because I just started reading this book by Paul Tremblay.
It's fiction called The Cabin at the End of the World.
And spoiler alerts, but I'm still at the beginning of it.
So it's not gonna be really, really heavy spoilers.
So the plot of this book is that it is this gay couple with their daughter who are taking a little vacation at this cabin.
And this group of people like violently intruder horror movie style push their way into the cabin and they tell them that they all came together because these people, and I don't know all the particulars that it'll be unfolded over the period of the book.
But I've thought about it a couple of times during this conversation.
These people said they have all had the same vision that the world is going to end.
And they've been told that if they come to this cabin, they are supposed to lay out to the people here that if two of them, two of the three of this family decide to sacrifice one of the people in the family, they have to end.
They have to physically kill that person, carry out the sacrifice.
Then the world will not end.
If they won't make this decision and make this sacrifice, the world is going to end.
Like there are going to be all kinds of environmental things that wipe out humanity.
The three of them will live for a little while and they will see this destruction and stuff and then they will end up all dying anyway.
So they might as well make their decision.
And so they read, of course, like at first it's just like crazy zealots.
The couple thinks that at first they've come to perpetrate some sort of hate crime on them because they're two gay men.
They're just acting all crazy.
And one of the guys in the group keeps checking his watch constantly.
And then he's like, OK, it's time.
It's time.
And they turn on the TV and there is all this destruction going on in the world.
There's a volcano that happened here.
That's caused a synonyme that nobody has ever seen before.
A volcano there.
There are multiple hurricanes like you were just talking about is actually happening.
And so where I'm at right now, it seems like these people who you've thought, well, maybe these are just people who all have like a shared delusion and they're acting out violently with it, even though it's not true.
Maybe they're actually telling the truth.
And so we'll see what happens from there.
That is awesome.
But yeah, it just made me think of what we're saying.
Wow, I hate this.
I know.
I know.
You know what?
I've been like I've only been taking in and reading and watching kind of like goofy, schlocky horror.
But this got it came up in my library app that it was available and I've been on a wait list for it.
And I was like, all right, I guess I'll dive back into like not horror written for 13 year olds.
And it's really well written.
But I'm also like.
It sounds good.
Yeah, it sounds terrifying.
Yeah.
I just want to be like, who didn't sacrifice their family member?
And now we're here.
I know.
What family at the cabin at the end of the world didn't follow through on the deal?
Yeah.
It's very cabin in the woods a little bit.
Yeah.
Sounds like.
I know.
I'm curious to see where it goes.
Must make the sacrifice or else.
That's right.
Seriously.
What was the other one I wanted to talk about?
Well, I guess it's like we're in like this era of social horror as well.
Like Get Out and then Parasite, like you mentioned, Us, and then the remake of Candyman.
I know.
It's going to be fucked up.
I'm so excited.
They just pushed it back.
Did you see that?
Indefinitely.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm not surprised.
Indefinitely?
To 2021 indefinitely.
Nia DaCosta said that she felt like she made a movie that was about a sort of a collective
grief and the collective power of people's stories.
And so she wanted it to be in a theater.
Yeah.
It makes sense.
I totally get it.
But, you know, it's just a bummer.
It's also hard to imagine going into a movie theater.
I know.
As much as I love them.
It's so heartbreaking.
I know.
I know.
I know.
But in addition to social horror, I think another interesting thing that's happening
is grief horror, right?
And I am not an Ari Aster fan.
I don't know about you guys.
Hereditary and...
Oh, I've avoided them.
I was about to say, I can't even specifically say I'm not a fan because I'm just not down.
I haven't seen any of them.
Not for me.
I'm not really into, like, emotionally draining, upsetting horror.
No.
We've lived in enough.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No shit.
Hereditary is...
I only asked her.
I did, like, a little profile of him.
I don't even have words.
Yeah.
But when Hereditary was coming out for The Place We Used to Work when I blogged about horror,
and we...
Or, I mean, I watched all of his short films because it was when Hereditary was coming out.
Um, and Hereditary, for those of you who don't know, is a, um, like a family horror film that's also paranormal,
but it's really about the loss of a child, which is, of course, grief is horrific, and Toni Collette's in it,
and she expresses grief in a way that anyone who's experienced it or watching it happen,
you are so jarred to your core that I don't...
It's like, I could see that being valuable, maybe.
Yeah, sure.
But Ari Aster has said that he wants to make the most transgressive films possible.
Like, he wants to do the most, essentially the most fucked up thing he can do.
Right.
And to me, that is peak white man director.
Like, you know...
Tom Six.
He's an edgelord.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Tom Six.
And, you know, not all, hashtag not all white man directors.
But, you know, this is just, it was very like, oh, you don't know this.
Yeah.
Like, you don't know the thing you're doing.
And, of course, I'm sure Toni Collette does because she acted it.
I mean, you can't, I can't, but it's just, I don't know.
And then the Babadook is probably, like, a better example of it.
But I don't know.
I think this, it's just so interesting in our culture because, of course, trauma and grief
are such huge topics.
And then, of course, racism and classism and all these different things are huge topics.
And it feels like horror movies are, in some ways, at least moving toward a more truthful
villain.
Right?
Like, and I don't know, not the Illuminati, not rich people hunting, but, like, this idea
that the true people we should be looking toward that are causing horror in society are not
white trash in the woods.
Right.
Are not these slasher serial killers that barely exist.
You know, there are these groups of people, whether they be politicians, you know, and I
think that there's still some hysteria around, like, the murdering rich people as well.
But, you know, we're moving a little bit more toward horror now that has different victims
in mind and different villains in mind.
And I think it's really, really, really cool and really interesting.
And I'm just really excited.
I mean, OK, Scream 5, let's do it.
So Scream 4 to me was a fantastic film.
Yeah.
I think it's great.
I loved it.
I love the commentary about, you know, again, like, this sort of, like, consumption of victimhood
that we have in a lot of spaces in our lives.
Yeah.
And the commodification of the victim, which is just expressed so well in that film.
And then Wes, it was like Wes Craven did that and he was like, I'm done.
Yes.
I've given you all I have to give.
Like the elephant man.
Yeah.
He gave us all, just like his last, just his last noble speech on his deathbed.
It is fun.
Scream 4 has, the theme of Scream 4 has aged as well as the theme of Scream 1.
Absolutely.
And at the time that Scream 4 came out, the notion of I don't need friends, I need fans
was groan inducing in the theater.
And yet the further we get from it, the more realistic it is.
Yeah.
Yep.
I find it to be a fantastic.
And of course, Emma Roberts was a fantastic choice.
Um, but okay.
I don't know a ton about Scream 5.
None of us do.
None of us do.
Right.
No.
But we know who's signed on.
We know.
Yep.
We got David.
We got David Arquette.
We got Courtney Cox.
Yep.
But we don't have Nev Campbell.
We do.
We do.
Officially.
As of the last week, I want to say, signed on.
Yes.
Officially.
Thank you.
God.
But it's like, of course, dude.
What's.
Come on.
I know.
I know.
You weren't going to.
Okay.
Of course.
Don't worry.
They just want to keep us on our.
I know that everyone's worried.
We do have Deputy Hicks from Scream 4 coming back as well.
Wait, really?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
Yes.
Is that.
That's a blonde.
Yes.
Marlee Shelton.
Yeah.
The blonde.
They made her so.
I don't know.
Sorry.
Who's that?
The blonde?
The blonde.
Who's that?
The blonde with the lemon squib?
Sorry, I'm a man from this.
Sorry, I'm a man from the 1950s ad exec.
That was wild.
And get the blonde back while you're at it.
Well, okay.
She's a deputy.
She's blonde.
Yeah.
You were correct.
It's a descriptor.
You were fully correct.
I was going to say.
I was going to say Heather Graham.
And I'm like, no, that's just someone who looks a little like Heather Graham.
Hey, I didn't think about that.
She does look a lot like Heather Graham.
She does.
You're right.
Was that intentional?
Maybe.
But I don't know.
We could be intentional.
Probably not.
Yeah, probably not.
Both have big eyes.
We've got to get Heather in, but we can't afford her.
I am.
I'm pretty optimistic about Scream 5.
I am.
For sure.
As like, I don't know.
I'm having a difficulty with it, which is that it's already been.
It's all been told to me.
Like, I feel like the Sidney Prescott arc is fairly complete.
And to continue it, Sidney Prescott, where we leave her at the end of 4, is in a very
dark place, I feel.
She kills her cousin and then says to her corpse, I don't know about you, but I feel a whole lot
better.
That is her final line in the movie, is after murdering her own cousin.
And she says, I don't know about you, but I feel a whole lot better.
And to me, at the time, where Scream 4 was the end of that world, like the second that
those credits roll, that entire universe disappears, you know?
The movie's done, so those characters don't exist anymore.
It's like, okay.
Anyway, it's all a comment on the fact that she sort of is her best self in times of dire
peril.
But now it's like, oh, she has to then get up off the floor and go to Dewey's house?
How do they react to her now that they heard her say that?
And I'm sure it's going to be great.
I trust the directors.
They did Ready or Not.
I trust James Vanderbilt.
He did Adam Sandler's Murder Mystery.
You call that out, not Zodiac.
Not Zodiac.
I just couldn't believe it.
I just couldn't believe that he wrote all these things that I really liked.
It's really, yeah.
But I'm curious.
It's really exciting.
I also think.
All right.
I want to kind of close.
Wait, go ahead, Kristen.
Oh, no, no.
It might be like reading a little.
I like that reading, but I think it might be reading a little bit too much into that line
of like, well, I sure feel a lot better.
Because it could just be like, well, I feel better because now we've dispatched the threat.
Like, now I can like exhale because there isn't a murderer after us.
So it might not be as deep as like, well, I feel better.
I took a life today.
I don't know.
If you watch that movie and Sidney Prescott activates in a very pronounced way.
She does.
When something horrible is happening.
She definitely does.
But I don't know.
I dislike any fan theory that's like, what if Sidney is the killer?
I've heard that since before Scream 4.
Yeah.
People, you know, fan ficked the notion of like Sidney as killer.
Me too.
Absolutely not.
That is like a total corruption of that person.
I dislike it.
And yet, and yet at the end of Scream 4, she seems in a very dark place to me.
I'm not saying, I'm not saying she's crazy.
Yeah.
But she's in a very dark place.
I don't know.
I feel like she's been here before.
It's dark in that obviously a bunch of people died and she just had to fend off the killer.
But like, it's semi business as usual in a way, which is its own kind of darkness.
There are also rumors that Matthew Lillard is saying Stu may not have died at the end of Scream.
He did say that.
It's not just a rumor.
Please bring back.
I know.
I don't care.
I mean, it would be so stupid, but I love.
I feel the same way.
I don't care.
I just want Matthew Lillard back.
That's fine.
By any means necessary.
I'm in.
Okay.
I have one more question for you guys.
And that is, I love, and something we're going to talk about on the horror movie episode
is the different archetypes that show up, especially in slasher teen, but like the urban legend
world.
You know, we've got what?
We've got the virgin.
We've got the slut.
We've got the fool, the stoner usually.
What other ones are there?
The harbinger.
The nerd.
The nerd.
The smart nerd.
I would argue a new one is the one that purports to know all the ins and outs.
Yes.
The Randy.
The lore.
The Randy.
The lore keeper.
Yeah.
The lore keeper.
Yeah.
The lore keeper is what I think it's called, but that's what my partner and I always call
it.
I like that.
We've been playing horror movie video games, and I'm not very good at them, so she calls
herself the lore keeper.
Well, we call her that.
So she'll look up.
If I can't figure out how to do something, she'll find out.
That's brilliant.
What games?
Yeah.
We are playing.
We have Xbox 360 because we got excited playing it on a PS4, and my partner was like,
oh my god, we've got to get a PS4.
And I was like, okay, let's make sure that this isn't just a face.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I get that.
Because PS4s are super expensive.
So we're playing The Evil Within.
Oh, okay.
I've heard good things about that.
It's very fun.
I've not played it myself.
We've played it for like 25 or 30 hours, and we're not done yet.
Right on.
But I don't know if that's long for a video game.
I don't know.
This is my first real video game, I swear.
But yeah, the lore keeper is my favorite of the archetypes, and I feel like the one that
I kind of most relate to.
And I think, I don't know, I like the idea that someone can hold, and I mean, I don't
know.
It almost feels like that's what I want to be on this fucking show that I make, you know?
Yeah.
Because it's like, I can kind of, it helps when you have a character that sees the interconnected
pieces, like, what's it?
Sorry, what's his name in screen?
Randy, of course.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And like, Randy can sort of see and predict based on culture, right?
And on history and all these different things.
And I think that's one of my most favorite, favorite archetypes.
So I was wondering what your guys' favorite are.
It doesn't have to be the archetype you are, but what is the archetype that you continuously
find yourself attracted to in horror?
I think I, I don't think I am this, but I think I'm always looking out for the slut in
the horror movie.
Because I'm like, get off this girl's jock.
Like, why is everybody giving her a hard time?
There's an, there's an underdog quality to the slut archetype where I want to tell everybody
else to like, shut the fuck up.
Right.
Yeah.
And you've got your like Madonna, your virgin Madonna.
Because then you've got the virgin, which is usually, doesn't have to be a virgin, but
like, theoretically, the good, the girl you're following, right?
Like you're following this person who's not, who's very contained often.
And, you know, I mean, Nev Campbell would be that, right?
I don't know.
Go ahead, Will.
Yeah.
I'm, I'm struggling with it.
My, my, I think the obvious answer for me should be the fool.
So I love people who just sort of like run their mouths and just say whatever they're
thinking.
And, but having just watched a bunch of Friday the 13th movies, I have never wanted to watch
characters die more than the fool characters in those films.
Friday the 13th part three, there's a character named Shelley who keeps pranking people, quote
unquote.
Yeah.
It's like the fool tends to be annoying.
Just like, shut up.
Yeah.
And fall into the lake.
Sink.
Yeah.
Sink, please.
Um, I, I might, this is a very, very bland sort of answer.
I think it's going to be like the, the, the final, uh, you know, final girl, final character.
I, I tend, I root for the hero a lot.
I like seeing typically the hero is also with the most at stake in terms of like, what are
they struggling with?
How are they making sense of all this and how do they overcome it?
Yeah.
You know them the best usually.
Yeah.
So it's easier to get kind of attached to them.
So it's a little simple, but I, I really do like watching the process.
I like seeing people figure out how to, how to get by.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Do you have a favorite hero?
Is it Sydney?
It is undeniably Sydney Prescott.
I feel like that character only gets better the more horrible things happen because she
is a consummate survivor and, and, uh, continually rolls with those punches and learns how to
become a functioning person despite everything horrible happening.
She doesn't break.
Um.
And that's part of why the fourth movie is so good is because it is about her, the commodification
of her trauma.
Right.
Yeah.
And that is so interesting to me.
I mean, it's about a lot of things, but it's about, I mean, Emma Roberts' character admires
Sydney Prescott's trauma because of the attention she got.
So it is just this really, it's such an underrated series for like what it actually brings to
culture.
I see it finally getting.
So don't watch it, everybody.
I see it finally getting its due a good amount now.
I used to see people like sort of, sort of talk down about Scream by being, not talk down
about it, but, but kind of be like, what are the best horror movies?
This, this, this, this, that.
Of course Scream, but like not focusing on it.
Really?
Like as an afterthought, I think people thought it was kind of like a nineties trinket.
Yeah.
Like it's good, but it's like very nineties.
So like, yeah, of course Scream.
Right.
But now I'm seeing people being like, how did Scream like, like managed to pull X off in
the nineties?
Like I've seen people tweeting about it.
I'm like, oh, good.
I think it's because people are stoked about Scream 5.
Like people are kind of like outing themselves as being like very into Scream 5.
So I think we're all kind of thinking about acknowledging the first four a little bit more.
Yeah.
Maybe.
It's just hard to, it's hard to imagine a world where I have to buy all new Scream merch
because there are new Scream box sets.
Chelsea, he has so much Scream stuff.
Well, that's, that's why I love you, Will.
Oh, he's showing us, what are those?
Laser discs?
Laser discs?
Soundtracks?
Oh, laser discs.
Mid-condition, kind of.
Wow.
Yes, they are, they are in their plastic, everyone.
Just so you know, don't worry.
The plastic is ripping.
Just, you know.
Oh yeah.
I found a really cool cover, like a Scream I'd never seen before in a thrift store a
while ago.
And it's got like the coolest cover, but it's up, it's in my VHS collection, which is not
in this location.
Not accessible.
But anyway, well, this has been great.
I love talking to you guys about horror movies.
I do too.
A delight.
Couldn't find better people.
A feast for the senses.
Truly.
Truly.
Well, will you guys, will you guys tell everybody about your show just a little bit more where
they can find you and all that kind of good stuff?
Yeah, sure.
So if you go to gttupod.com, you'll find links to all the places where you can listen to the
show.
You can also watch the show on youtube.com slash talkbomb, and you can follow us everywhere
on social media at gttupod.
And I know you guys also talk about paranormal stuff, but you do so in such a fun way.
It's like a very...
That I think even a...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Even a skeptical audience can get down with it.
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah.
We actually just got a negative review because somebody said I'm too skeptical.
So yeah.
Oh, I think I...
Did you post that one?
I did.
I couldn't believe it.
It was mean.
It was mean, but it was so disconnected from reality that I felt nothing.
I read it and I was like, this is...
What a curiosity.
It's so funny.
I have never read any reviews of myself.
I did it once and it was the worst thing I ever did.
And now I just pretend that they don't exist.
Really?
Don't they scare me.
I don't read them either.
Actually, when we all kind of worked together, part of my job was reading Chelsea's...
Well, self-appointed.
Don't talk about it.
I would read Chelsea's reviews.
I don't want to hear it.
I would never.
But I would find the good ones and post them.
That's so funny.
So that Chelsea didn't have to access them.
I'm such a masochist.
I do the same thing.
I don't read them, Chelsea.
I can't do it.
I'm such a narcissist masochist.
I love reading bad reviews.
I love reading bad reviews.
Oh, that's great.
There's certainly a nugget of truth in them.
Certainly.
But also, I'm divorced enough because I'm convinced that everything I'm doing is brilliant.
So I can read them and just be like, what a fool.
Oh, my God.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, only.
God bless that confidence.
I will just...
This reviewer also said I was too sarcastic.
And so maybe they're onto something.
Well.
Who isn't in this day and age, right?
Sure.
Yeah.
I don't know, man.
I just crumble.
Most of it is just like, that person or that woman says like too much.
Yeah, I know.
We got that too.
Look.
Yeah.
I mean, that's just...
If you're a woman podcaster, even though I am a non-binary individual, but people think
I'm a woman, which is fine because I love women.
And I'm like, I am half woman.
But they're very...
They just come at you immediately with that.
Yeah.
That's the big one is, oh, you talk like a valley girl.
And I'm like, yeah, because I grew up in the 90s.
So what?
People have different kinds of...
This could be another episode where I complain about people.
Yeah, whatever.
We're going to let it go.
Let it go.
It's fine.
It's fine.
Breathe it out.
Woosah.
All right, you guys.
Which is a bad boys quote.
All right.
These are great.
The real horror movies are out there.
Yes.
Not on our screen.
Mm-hmm.
What a hot take.
All right, you guys.
You're the very, very best.
Very, very best.
Congratulations, Chelsea.
Thank you.
Please go listen to their podcast.
It's such a welcome, wonderful, wonderful show.
And I just can't recommend it enough.
And I will have you guys on again for something else, I'm sure.
Would love it.
Can't wait.
All right, you guys.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
