This is American Hysteria's Aftershock, where I share with you a story that didn't make
it into the main episode.
I'm your host, Chelsea Weber-Smith, and today we're talking about...
Got milk?
If you grew up in the 90s, you'll certainly remember the glossy posters hung in every
cafeteria, bearing the iconic words, got milk?
You'll remember a roster of milk-loving celebrities from Martha Stewart to Dennis Rodman to Elton
John, Britney Spears, that kid from Jerry Maguire, Serena and Venus Williams, Van Halen,
Naomi Campbell, Mike Myers as Austin Powers, Kermit the Frog, the Olsen twins, Bill Clinton,
Jackie Chan, Dr. Phil, Jennifer Aniston, Billy Ray Cyrus, Kate Moss, Whoopi Goldberg, David
Copperfield, Joan Rivers, Hanson, The Simpsons, the entire cast of Everybody Loves Raymond,
and the best being, of course, Sarah Michelle Gellar posing as Buffy as if she's time to
drink milk while keeping us all safe from the hell mouth.
All of these celebrities were photographed beautifully by none other than celebrated artist Annie
Leibovitz.
Each wore a very cute and surprisingly cool white milk mustache for this national ad campaign,
encouraging kids to be healthy young Americans by remembering to drink their milk.
In 1995, Mattel made a got milk Barbie, and in 1998, Hot Wheels made a got milk dairy delivery
truck.
And now let's make that random call with today's $10,000 question.
It's a tough one.
Who shot Alexander Hamilton in that famous duel?
Hello?
Hello.
For $10,000, who shot...
...FAMOUS DUEL!
Excuse me?
I'm a gun.
Hold on.
Let me take some milk.
No!
I'm afraid your time is almost up.
I'm a gun.
I'm sorry.
Maybe next time.
I'm a gun.
I'm a gun.
Got milk?
The first Got Milk TV commercial aired on October 29, 1993, and featured a man eating a peanut
butter sandwich while listening to a radio contest.
He's randomly selected and receives a call to answer a trivia question for $10,000, but
alas, without milk, his mouth is stuck and he cannot speak the words.
As the screen fades to black, there it is, the iconic phrase, Got Milk?
This artfully shot, award-winning commercial was an instant success, and it was directed by
none other than a young and up-and-coming filmmaker fresh out of grad school named Michael Bay.
If you go back and appreciate these ads as an adult, both print and TV, they're oddly
beautiful and at times weirdly deep.
In one, a man who cruelly fired an employee suddenly dies after being hit by a truck, and
he ends up in eternity, full of enormous chocolate chip cookies, only to realize he's
in hell when the milk cartons in the internal fridge are devastatingly empty.
Another features a dark, thriller-esque scene where a psychic kid, not unlike Damien from
The Omen, will not eat a chocolate birthday cake because he foresees, in an omen, that there
will not be the milk required to wash it down.
The ad campaign was funded by something called the Dairy Production Stabilization Act, put
in place by an alliance between the federal government and the California Milk Processor
Board, which considered milk to be an important part of the U.S. economy.
Polling showed that 90% of U.S. consumers had seen some form of this Got Milk? campaign.
To understand America's obsession with cow's milk, we have to go back to the mid-1800s,
a time of rapid urban expansion and technological development in the United States.
American families were moving from rural areas into the cities, and as old habits die hard,
a dairy industry emerged to meet the demands of these new urban dwellers and provide the
dairy-laden comforts of rural America to the busy city dwellers. Breweries packed with dozens,
if not hundreds, of cows produced what was known as swill milk, referring to this leftover mash from
local distilleries that these city cows were fed. Raw milk was suddenly being made and delivered at an
unprecedented rate. America's love affair with milk even managed to survive a panic in the 1850s
surrounding this swill milk, which, due to a lack of regulation, was prone to grow all kinds of
bacteria and disease, including typhoid and cholera. Journalist Frank Leslie ran an exposé in his
newspaper, not unlike Upton Sinclair's, describing the filthy conditions in New York milk breweries that
produced what they called pure country milk. The breweries housed sickly cows in poor conditions that
produced a foul blue-tinted milk. Manufacturers attempted to change the color of this blue milk
by using plaster of Paris, eggs, molasses, and chalk. Newspapers speculated that the impure blue milk
could be to blame for the deaths of up to 8,000 infants in a single year. Nevertheless, milk would
continue to be a staple of the American diet going through the 20th century, thanks to a new French
innovation called pasteurization. Though many complain that the process stripped milk of its
natural flavor, pasteurization ensured that even milk produced in factory farm settings could be
consumed safely without having to worry about illness. Working alongside the dairy councils,
the U.S. Department of Agriculture drastically increased American milk consumption in the inner
war period. When a man named Elmer McCollum, who was known as Dr. Vitamin, called milk, quote,
the greatest of all protective foods in his 1918 book, The Newer Knowledge of Nutrition,
the government seized the day. It was in this era that the USDA first began its aggressive dairy
marketing campaign aimed at school children. Especially during the Great Depression, when malnutrition
was a serious issue for Americans, this U.S. Department of Agriculture promoted milk as a vital source of
nutrition for kids. Possessing a huge surplus of dairy after World War II, the government needed to
unload it on the American public, who at the time were particularly concerned with health, nutrition,
and safety. One USDA pamphlet from the time read, quote,
Save on meat if you must, but don't skimp on milk.
Oh man, I sure could use a cold drink.
Look what's coming down the road! There's just nothing tastes so good as good Borden's milk.
Pete's right, boys and girls. Borden's is the good milk. It's the only milk I drink.
But that wasn't the only value seen in the immaculate whiteness of milk. President Hoover,
giving a speech in 1923, told the World's Dairy Congress, quote,
Upon this dairy industry, more than any other of the food industries, depends not alone the problem
of public health, but there depends upon it the very growth and virility of the white races.
Oddly, milk is becoming again a potent symbol of white supremacy. The reason, apparently,
is because most humans lack the enzymes needed to consume milk past childhood, but some humans in
Europe developed the gene through their use of dairy thousands of years ago. White supremacists play
on this shaky biology, something they consider unique to the white race, though it's also found in some
African ancestry. The alt-right uses this grown eternal babydom to prove that whites are superior
for their superior long-term baby milk drinking genes. This belief system was popularized by a social media
post from a far-right troll account called Enter the Milk Zone, asserting, quote,
If you can't drink milk, you have to go back. Like beef, it seems that milk is an important symbol of
masculine power of conquering and of the hierarchy the alt-right is certainly trying to protect.
In addition to the typical memes and message board posts, some alt-right dudes have gone as far as to
prove their racial superiority by chugging gallons of milk on camera. Now look, I think it's partially
a joke, but I think part of it is also this obsession with showing everyone how proud you are of being
a white dude. I'm a lumberjack and that's okay. I drank my milk and I work all day.
Now I'm with a vegan agenda. I can't talk to you. You may not like it, but this is peak masculinity right now.
This is the Al-Farm. Look at this. This is the Al-Farm. Let me be professional for the omission.
I just want my milk. I just want my milk. I just want my milk. I just want my milk.
There they are, shirtless, slapping each other around, growling and flexing at the camera,
some wearing MAGA hats, protesting what they call the vegan agenda.
One that's somehow closely related to, that's right, the gay agenda and the Illuminati's Jewish agenda.
This is a good example of one of the more extreme reactions and defense mechanisms in response to
the mere existence of vegans. Ones that just through their choices, throw those posturing as strong white
masculine men into a tantrum that's kind of cute in how very, very silly they look, but also they're
white supremacists. Of course, factory farmed milk comes with a slew of moral and ethical questions
about the treatment of cows. And if you think dairy's any better than the meat industry, in a lot of ways,
it's worse. The treatment of cows in so many of these factory farms is enough to seriously churn your
stomach and maybe even break your heart. And it's not only that. In 2018, there were approximately
9.4 million dairy cows in the U.S. alone. The gallons of water used to hydrate them daily can reach into the
hundreds of millions and by some estimates, even billions. And the waste from just 200 dairy cows
produces as much nitrogen as the sewage from a community of up to 10,000 people. If not taken care
of properly, the waste from these cows can contaminate local drinking water and the environment at large.
For now, the only consensus among scientists and nutritionists is that, though humans are the only
animals to routinely consume the mammary gland secretions of another species, especially after we're no longer
little tiny babies anymore, drinking cow's milk health-wise is fine.
Drink your milk, kids. I don't want milk. Milk's for babies.
Yeah, babies. But milk isn't some kind of unique superhuman pump-up protein-bursting,
bone-strengthening badass beverage that we have long been peddled.
Vegetables are an easy, not to mention inexpensive alternative that deliver the same nutrients.
It's not essential to your health unless there are no other healthy options available,
like in the many food deserts that keep low-income and rural communities from accessing fresh produce
in local grocery stores. For those of us with the privilege of nearby grocery stores,
it's good to know that no solid correlation has been found between increased calcium intake from
dairy and bone strength, as we've all been taught to believe. Drinking less milk and eating less meat
is slowly rising in popularity, and there are a growing number of healthy, plant-based,
Antifa-liberal-soyboy-vegan-agenda milk alternatives that don't support what it really means to extract
dairy from cows on a massive scale. Not to mention, at the same time, lessening your personal impact
on climate change. The Got Milk campaign put a bunch of very cool faces over these facts.
Even weirder, the celebrities were paid a very measly amount of money, at least by their standards,
25,000 that most donated to charity. So these famous people were doing it just for the milk,
and each was required to pass a test proving that they loved milk before appearing in the ad.
Milk was in, and we all believed, in the promised land of it. The iconic campaign is all but dead,
and execs admit that despite its dopeness and mass popularity, the ads actually failed to sell more
milk. In the last few years, Milk Pep, the brains behind the dairy industry's PR, replaced the Got Milk
brand with the Milk Life brand. In one of their commercials, a son and mother follow after a
soccer ball, given power by milk propellers. Then a woman is pulled too quickly by a pack of her dogs
and is saved by a milk parachute that slows her down. A girl plays guitar while magic milk shoots from her
fingers like fireworks. In the end, the commercial muses, start your day with the power of protein. Milk Life.
This was American Hysteria's Aftershock. Next time on the show, we are covering the American symbol
of suburbia, the creepiest utopia in American history. I also want to highlight this week two
of my good friends' shows. One is Jim Perry's third season premiere of Euphamed, that amazing,
heartfelt paranormal podcast that I got my start working on. And secondly,
I want to highlight the brand new podcast called Stories with Sapphire. Sapphire is the former host
of the giant hit podcast, Something Scary. And for this first season, she'll be sharing the
supernatural experiences that shape our world. So toss off the chains of your American Hysteria
skepticism and join Jim and Sapphire for their brand new spooky, beautiful seasons. American Hysteria's
Aftershock is written, produced, and hosted by me, Chelsea Weber-Smith, co-written by Riley Smith,
with script editing by Miranda Zickler, and production by Clear Camos Studios. So remember
to donate to our Patreon if you can, and also find us on social media. We do a lot of fun things over
there too. You can find the links to all of this in our show notes. So this week, remember,
ordering a tall, frothy glass of milk at a restaurant is super weird. Have a great week.
