Hey everyone, over our summer break, we're going to be re-releasing some of our old episodes
as they become relevant in the present moment, with a new intro explaining their new context.
Maybe you're noticing, like I am, that satanic panic seems to be coming back, or at least
the roots of it and the roots of stranger danger are playing out in brand new, outrageous
conspiracy theories centering around child trafficking in the United States and beyond,
especially as the horrible, strange, and often admittedly suspicious Epstein drama plays out
week after week. We're going to focus on one of these conspiracies today, but they're just one
part of this large, overarching, Illuminati-esque conspiracy theory that we're all watching unfold.
You've likely heard at least a passing mention of this one, hashtag Wayfairgate. This very popular
theory has gained an unnerving amount of traction in the last month, and it purports that retail giant
Wayfair is literally shipping children to wealthy clients inside their furniture boxes. These new
Pizzagate-esque accusations began with, surprise surprise, an anonymous user on Reddit who asked
the question, could it be possible that Wayfair was getting away with such a thing as shipping
children through the mail? And then it all spiraled out from there, as it always does, with so-called
internet sleuths finding shoddy evidence, including huge markups on certain products that to them,
the only possible explanation being that those particular products contained trafficked children.
The main furniture in question were cabinets that seemed to have a high markup for, well,
cabinets. But Wayfair later confirmed that they were accurately priced due to the fact that they were
industrial-sized products. But that's not all. Sleuths also found a pillow that cost $9,999 and a shower
curtain, too. And they began pointing out that there must be a nefarious reason for this outrageous cost.
But Wayfair addressed the claims later and explained that they were simply price glitches on their website.
And sure, Wayfair could be lying, with the most egregious evidence cited by sleuths being that their furniture is
actually named after children, children who've been reported missing.
It's just like the Illuminati elite, isn't it, to hide in plain sight like that.
There are tens of thousands of kids on this missing children registry.
That doesn't mean that they were kidnapped. And it doesn't even mean that they are still missing.
And even more importantly, these so-called missing children were not missing at all,
including one girl who went to TikTok to let everyone know that she was not being shipped in a Wayfair box.
And then there was the former missing boy who was found safe at home in less than 24 hours.
TikTok, which I am way too old for and afraid of, has seen 5 million views of videos related to Wayfair Gate.
To me, the creepiest part of this conspiracy includes the assertion that when users search the stock-keeping unit number
associated with each product with the term SRC USA on the Russian search engine Yandex,
pictures of young girls are returned.
But here's the thing. If you search any random string of numbers on that site, you get the same result.
So that seems like a separate issue. A separate problem.
Of course, for most of our listeners, this is all relatively familiar stuff.
It won't be surprising to learn that at the heart of all of this is none other than QAnon,
the extreme right-wing conspiracy theory and shadowy figure who leaks alleged information about the deep state Illuminati-esque conspiracy to dethrone President Trump
so that he cannot reveal the pedophile network of Democrats and the Hollywood elite, among other things.
As this Wayfair story has trended, the hashtag QAnon has skyrocketed on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and TikTok,
with more mentions this week than any other week this entire crazy-ass year.
And this is no longer fringe stuff.
Three conservative congressional candidates in Florida, Georgia, and California have taken to the internet
to support both Wayfairgate and QAnon.
In addition, for some ungodly reason, the Pizzagate conspiracy is up and running again
and pretty much holding hands with Wayfairgate,
so that's just fantastic and super dangerous for the future of America.
But it's valuable to point out, I think, that these conspiracy theories don't show a ton of interest
in the real issues that affect children and their potential abuse and trafficking.
Poverty and homelessness are issues that most often lead to child trafficking,
something that's deeply misunderstood in a culture that's always felt that children are on the brink of any number of catastrophes.
And in some ways, they are.
Minors are not usually kidnapped from stores or off the sidewalk into sex work,
but instead fall prey to a system in which they have few other options
in a nation with overwhelming income inequality and poverty.
The vulnerable are the poor.
They're children of color.
They're from the LGBTQ plus community.
And very similar to stranger danger,
sex trafficking more often means that children are pressured
or forced into sex work from their own relatives,
not this kidnapper from the street.
Now, more and more as I create this show,
I think sometimes it's not a bad thing to worry about the rare,
and sometimes it takes a freakout to push us into important cultural and political changes.
It could be true that without satanic panic,
we wouldn't be as aware as we are about childhood sexual abuse.
But at the same time, the legislation created to prevent it has often had little or no effect
because the panic did not provide the time to properly address the underlying causes.
This is similar to the laws put in place by this administration to combat child trafficking,
which has disproportionately harmed consensual adult sex workers as they're placed in the same category.
Child sex trafficking, which is a horrific and terrifying thing,
is also riddled with overblown statistics that 300,000 children are at risk at any moment,
which comes from a single study debunked and disavowed by the very man who created it.
Regardless of numbers and statistics,
kids and adults who do need help right now are being prevented from accessing
the National Human Trafficking Hotline.
Why?
Because they're so overwhelmed with people calling about the Wayfair conspiracy.
So thanks as usual to our heroes over at Snopes,
who worked hard to debunk every aspect of this conspiracy theory.
But, of course, proponents have accused Snopes of being deep state fake news,
or at the worst, profiting off child trafficking themselves.
It seems to me that these theories have much in common with the satanic ritual abuse of children
that was apparently so rampant in the 80s and 90s.
But, of course, it turned out to be nothing but an urban legend,
spurred on by the joint fears and perhaps agendas of both fundamentalists and feminists,
all concerned, albeit in different ways,
that a network of cults were enacting outrageous satanic rites using sexual abuse,
baby-eating parties, and flying around the room on brooms like witches.
We thought it was valuable to revisit this far more sensational but similar cultural oddity
to perhaps redirect our attention to the far more common issues that are harming hundreds of thousands of children,
poverty, lack of access to health care, and familial abuse.
As these conspiracy theories rage on in a nation of constantly rising inequality,
we'll continue to ask, as rationally as possible,
won't someone please think of the children?
We also recommend our episodes on Stranger Danger, The Illuminati, and Part 1 of Satanic Panic
to get the full picture of what the heck is going on.
And now, here's our episode, Satanic Panic, Part 2.
Please be aware that this episode talks about child sexual abuse.
On this season, we'll be exploring the moral panics, urban legends, and conspiracy theories
that shape our psychology and culture, and why we end up believing them.
I'm your host, Chelsea Weber-Smith, and this is American Hysteria.
The children were made to chew pieces of these children's hearts.
We dig up the caskets from the graveyards,
and our children were made to lay in the remains of whatever was in the casket.
Everything is attempted to be destroyed and killed.
In that child and in society, everything is goodness.
Almighty Satan, destroy those who love God.
If we could do a deep dive into the subconscious of America,
if we could lie America down on an overpriced psychotherapist's chase lounge,
I'd really want to ask America about the 1980s.
About what, exactly, America remembers.
In a Satan-obsessed nation where, according to one poll,
68% of people said they believed in the devil,
and 60% believed that devil worship was a serious problem,
two new characters, Stranger Danger's murderous pedophile and the Satanist,
started to blur into a force literally hell-bent on depravity that reached unimaginable levels,
or, more accurately, levels of depravity that could only come from the imagination.
America created its own modern psychological archetype of evil,
combining an ancient religious villain with a brand new social boogeyman,
and voila, the satanic pedophile,
not to mention his or her network of cults, materialized from the ether.
In part one of Satanic Panic,
we touched on the cultural anxieties that were growing through the 1970s,
as women began careers and left children for the first time in the hands of relative strangers.
As the Moral Majority Movement pushed fundamentalism into politics,
we saw how the seeds of satanic hysteria were sown through pop culture,
sensational media, and religious hucksters,
directing parents' attention to the possibility that the devil and his cults might be influencing their kids.
For part two, I'll cover what's been known as satanic ritual abuse,
the belief that this network of cults were also using daycare centers as fronts to physically,
sexually, and emotionally abuse children in grotesque religious rituals.
I'll attempt to understand how this could have happened,
how, for a time, forces on the political left and right reunited in what has been called,
time and time again, the Salem witch hunt of our modern era,
including the longest and most expensive trial in U.S. history.
If you haven't heard of this bewildering and relatively recent time in our culture's history,
you're not alone.
It almost seems as if we've collectively repressed this terrible event.
But now, as these stories start to return in new forms,
it's time to lie America down on that couch.
It's time to close our eyes and remember.
Only about 90 years ago, as the Great Depression hit in America,
did the world of children transform into anything resembling what it is today.
Child labor laws passed nationwide,
as desperate adults became unwilling to give away scarce jobs to 10-year-olds.
No longer contributing to the economy,
children began to occupy a sentimental, symbolic place in society.
And with the influence of Romantic-era ideas about the spiritual innocence of children,
adults created a new, special, and separate world for them.
A world without any trace of sin,
taming the predators of the Old One, the lions, the tigers, and bears,
into stuffed animals with large, loving eyes,
hearkening back to a time before death,
before pain,
back to Eden itself,
before the fall of man,
before the perfect world was ruined by the single sin of Eve,
seduced by Satan in the form of a serpent
to destroy the rule of God.
But come the 1970s,
many mothers for the first time were rejecting that biblical origin story for good,
leaving their roles as homemakers to start careers,
some by choice and some out of a new economic necessity.
And the massive turning over of children to daycare centers,
as well as the new, more powerful position of women in society,
caused our culture to simmer with an underlying anxiety.
As Nixon vetoed a federal daycare bill designed to aid working mothers
and alleviate the strain on the welfare system,
the need for child care only continued to grow,
and private daycare centers opened all over the country.
Bolstered by the stories of the milk carton kids
who'd been kidnapped by murderous pedophiles,
a new, even more terrifying supervillain
started to form in the fires of pop fundamentalism,
one who would desecrate children's Eden of Innocence profoundly
and terrify them into silence
by sacrificing those most beloved animals right in front of their eyes.
Because just like adults once wrote Children of Paradise,
in the 1980s they would also write them a hell.
The local fundamentalist church held an extraordinary service.
There's been a lot of questions about
are there any witchcraft, occultism, Satan worshippers in the area?
And the answer is obviously yes.
The preacher asked his flock to protect themselves with their faith,
but some chose a more down-to-earth method.
Brother Blunt, I believe in the Lord, and I believe in you,
but I'm still going to carry my gun because I'm scared.
The work most often credited with sparking the satanic ritual abuse panic
is another one of those evangelical hoax memoirs,
much like Mike Warnke's The Satan Seller that we talked about in Part 1.
This book was published in 1980 and was called Michelle Remembers,
written by a woman named Michelle Smith and her psychiatrist, Dr. Lawrence Pazder.
This book.
How can I even describe this book?
Michelle Remembers is like a Pentecostal fever dream
made into an especially lurid Lifetime movie.
Through 600 hours of hypnotherapy with Dr. Pazder,
Michelle recovers an avalanche of repressed memories from her childhood
of extreme ritual abuse by a satanic cult.
The book alleges that her mother surrendered her to a satanic leader named Malachi,
who, along with his cult,
used six-year-old Michelle in an 81-day devil-summoning ritual called the Feast of the Beast.
Michelle was covered in spiders,
covered in the blood of dead fetuses that she'd watched being crucified,
and in the blood of kittens she'd watched being slaughtered.
She was physically, emotionally, sexually, and spiritually abused,
made to have sex with snakes,
and even had horns and a tail surgically fused to her body.
But then, in a crescendo of glittering light,
Jesus, the Virgin Mary, and the Archangel Michael
all show up and save Michelle from the chaotic, grindhouse horror,
erasing all the memories of those terrible events,
tucking them away in a corner of her mind
so that she could rediscover them only when the time is right.
Conveniently, they also remove all the scars of the abuse from her body,
the scars from the horns and the tail,
all the physical evidence magically dissolved.
It may be shocking to us now,
but this book blew up,
with Michelle and Dr. Pazder touring the U.S.
and appearing on all the most popular talk shows,
eventually leaving their own spouses to get married to each other.
The book was, of course, debunked several times throughout the 1980s,
with interviews from siblings that Michelle claimed never existed,
her father, and schoolmates that knew her as a quiet student
during the times she claimed to be in the constant throes of a satanic cult.
It was clear from the taped interviews that Dr. Pazder had fed,
for the mentioned 600 hours,
false information to a vulnerable patient under hypnosis.
Those who've studied the tapes closer note the many similarities
to the apparent West African cannibalistic religious rites
that Pazder claimed to have witnessed while working abroad,
and by all accounts, like to bring up quite often.
Recovered memory therapy has since been seriously questioned
by scientists and psychologists alike,
as it is extremely easy for therapists to help create false memories
with suggestive techniques, even if they don't mean to.
But the thorough debunking of Michelle Remembers
and the techniques it involved hardly mattered to a freaked-out public.
This book also had a very clear agenda.
Written largely in the helpless voice of a child,
Michelle is continuously abused by the female members of the cult,
which she calls the mommies.
The conclusion of the book then alludes, very unsubtly,
that the real villain of the story is Michelle's mother,
because it was her that originally abandoned Michelle to the cult.
By extension, all women who put their children in the hands of strangers are suspect.
There is a pointed call for the return to the moral nuclear family system,
the only hope against this kind of organized abuse.
And, of course, a return to fundamentalism itself,
as it was Mother Mary that appears magically to become the mommy that Michelle had been missing.
The author of a popular book on Satanism, Dr. Lawrence Pazder.
One of the primary aims is to destroy the belief system within a child,
to make a child turn against what they believe in,
in terms of who they are,
of who God is,
and to desecrate all manner of flesh,
all manner of church institution,
all manner of sign and symbol that a child could in any way be attached to.
All of a sudden,
hypnotherapists all over were helping patients recover horrifying memories of satanic abuse.
Michelle Remembers was used to train social workers in conferences on child abuse all over the country,
never mind the magical claims of divine intervention.
And as these social workers returned from these trainings,
a shocking number of new allegations of child sexual abuse began to surface,
and over time became more and more bizarre,
more and more impossible,
more and more like the outrageous stories of Michelle Remembers.
That's next.
Just a quick break to talk about our sponsor for this week,
which is, again, Hunt a Killer,
the monthly murder mystery subscription box service.
Just imagine on these cold winter nights,
curling up next to a fire with your friend or your lover or even your mom,
and solving a murder mystery together.
What could be better than that?
Each month, you'll get a new box full of clues to aid in this ongoing mystery,
and it's truly hours and hours of immersive entertainment.
Just for our listeners, Hunt a Killer is offering 10% off your first box
by going to huntakiller.com slash hysteria.
So head on over to huntakiller.com slash hysteria and sign up for membership today.
That's huntakiller.com slash hysteria for 10% off your first box.
In August 1983, a woman living in an L.A. suburb named Judy Johnson
told the local police that she believed her two-year-old son
was being molested at his daycare center called the McMartin Preschool,
specifically by a teacher named Ray Bucky,
the grandson of Virginia McMartin, who owned the business.
Judy was adamant, noted Matthew's red and irritated rectum.
After interviewing Judy, the Manhattan Beach police sent letters
to 200 current and former parents of McMartin,
saying they had reason to believe that children were being used for pornography,
molestation, and oral sex based on the claims that Judy Johnson had made.
And of course, the parents freaked out.
Why wouldn't they?
Very quickly, scores of parents got in touch with the police,
saying their children had admitted to being touched inappropriately or photographed.
The police began speaking with these children,
but had no special training in the handling of such a delicate situation.
So they referred families to a place called the Children's Institute,
where licensed social worker and psychotherapist Key McFarlane
began interviewing the children with her personal therapy invention,
anatomically correct dolls, complete with sexual organs.
You know the ones where someone says,
show us on the doll where he touched you.
Key McFarlane told investigators that the kids had accused not only Ray Bucky,
but also his mother, 66-year-old Peggy Bucky,
and his grandmother, Virginia, who was in her 80s at the time.
They were all charged with sexual crimes against children based on these interviews,
along with four other teachers from the daycare.
Children's genitals were inspected by doctors
who claimed to be able to spot tiny signs of molestation,
and this was used as physical evidence during trial.
But it wasn't just McMartin.
Throughout the decade, ritual abuse cases were raging in Texas,
New York, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Washington State,
Florida, and North Carolina, among other places.
And soon, the accusations took a turn into the extreme, into the bizarre.
As Dr. Pazder and Michelle Smith were hired to spend time
with the children and parents of McMartin,
kids had started remembering rituals,
black masses, dead animals, and baby blood,
just like Michelle had once remembered.
Here's a list of just a few of the allegations made from all over the country,
often during official testimony at trial.
Babies, dogs, and cats were drowned and dismembered and boiled and eaten.
Children were forced to eat feces, drink urine, and defecate on the Bible,
and then forced to lie naked in the shape of a pentagram.
They were forced to sit in a kiddie pool full of baby-eating sharks.
Tiger kittens were sacrificed in cemeteries.
Giraffes and elephants were cut open.
A horse was slaughtered in the middle of a playroom.
A parrot was trained to peck at children's genitals.
Someone cut the arm off a gorilla at a local zoo.
Workers dressed as pumpkins shot children in the arms and legs with bullets.
Kids were forced to carry around the bones of exhumed corpses,
and passers-by were dismembered with a chainsaw.
Teachers flew through the air in witch capes.
Children were flushed down toilets into secret underground tunnels.
They were flown around in hot air balloons to secret locations and sold to politicians,
or flown in airplanes to Mexico and abused by Mexican soldiers.
At one point during the McMartin trial,
Chuck Norris was identified as one of the abusers,
circled in red crayon by a little boy for the entire jury to see.
Jimmy talks about having a gun held to his head,
about being shown a skeleton,
about having to touch the skeleton.
He has drawn pictures of a child being sacrificed.
He's talked about animal sacrifices.
He's disclosed molestation.
When the children started talking, they started talking about robes and candles.
They described an Episcopal church.
The truth about Satanism is they truly do use blood,
and they mix it with urine,
and then they also use the real meat, the real flesh.
This is what makes Satanism true.
And this is what 1,200 molested kids in the city of Manhattan Beach
have told the sheriff's department.
The lines between entirely different professions,
between religion and science,
were all blurring together.
Christian psychotherapy and exorcism
were recommended by clinical therapists to their patients.
Cops were playing the role of child psychologists.
Social workers were becoming criminal investigators.
A poll of California social workers found that 45% believed in a national conspiracy
or network of multi-generational perpetrators
where babies, children, and adults are sexually assaulted,
physically mutilated, or killed.
For activists in the rising victims' rights movement,
the most important cultural shift that needed to happen
was for victims of sexual assault to be believed,
and for justice to be brought against their abusers.
But the dominant culture,
and especially those in the moral majority,
weren't interested in the more credible accusations of women.
So when these fundamentalist groups started to believe children
who had claimed sexual abuse,
it felt like a victory.
This is where we start to see a strange allegiance form.
But there was a serious problem.
Only those abuses that fit into a fundamentalist narrative,
with the abusers being satanic cult members in daycare centers,
and the victims, helpless children who'd been abandoned
by their newly working mothers were taken as real.
Victims' rights advocates had long fought to expose
the silent problems in the nuclear family dynamic
to face the fact that the majority of sexual crimes against children
are committed by male family members, often fathers.
But trashing the reps of the dignified spiritual leaders
of that nuclear household wouldn't have fit into their pro-family stance.
Satanic child abusers, however,
also called for an increase in the influence of fundamentalism in politics,
as the evil transcended what could be stopped
with just an earthly criminal justice system.
And so, in one of the most bizarre partnerships ever formed,
feminists and fundamentalists cheered the maxim,
we believe the children.
And no matter what the children said,
they were believed.
As the media and tabloid talk shows latched onto the growing numbers of stories
with iron jaws,
with Oprah and Geraldo running specials on satanic ritual abuse
with record numbers of viewers,
with guests like Mike Warnke and Dr. Pazder and Michelle Smith
as their alleged experts,
as well as glassy-eyed guests
who'd allegedly been raised in brutal satanic cults
but had just remembered it.
A legal task force was formed,
and Dr. Pazder was spending, by his own account,
a third of his time teaching law enforcement
about satanic ritual abuse.
Police in various small towns
began digging up abandoned lots,
looking for the supposed corpses
of hundreds of infant sacrifices.
Children had started telling stories
of women impregnated in factory form
just to give birth to infants
that were immediately slaughtered as sacrifices
and thrown into a mass grave.
The law enforcement task force's guide
to satanic ritual abuse reads as follows.
It's gross, and I'm sorry I'm even reading it,
but it feels important to know
the official story that was being told
and also being used to train police.
Sexual orgies among cult members
always involve the balance of pleasure with pain
to serve Satan.
Rituals involving the insertion of eyeballs
into the vagina or rectum
symbolize that demons are inside the child
always watching.
Male and female children and adults
are married to Satan,
who is considered bisexual at various ages.
Staged birthing of bad babies,
dead snakes, rats, and objects
are seemingly pulled from between the legs
of small girls who are told
they are giving birth to bad, rotten things.
As the pretrial began to grow more and more lurid,
with kids making more and more sensational accusations
of Satanic rituals,
the prosecution struggled to adjust
to an extremely expensive and public trial
that was spinning out of their control.
And so, after three years,
they decided to only try Ray and his mother Peggy.
In order to deal with the wilder claims,
the DA told the jury that Ray had staged
the more bizarre situations
for just this very reason,
to undermine the future testimony of the children.
The prosecution said,
in an act of pretty incredible forethought,
that Ray had beat a horse to death
in the classroom
and successfully hid all evidence of it
just so that kids would later tell the story
and be disbelieved.
Toward the end of the trial,
the jury finally got to see those tapes
of Key McFarlane interviewing the children.
A TV was rolled into the court,
a VHS tape pushed into its VCR.
In each video clip,
Key McFarlane appeared with a different child,
the array of anatomically correct dolls
and toys in front of them.
She begins by asking questions
while pulling the clothes off the dolls,
showing the kids their private parts.
She's gentle at first,
as all the children deny being touched
or having their picture taken,
as they distractedly play with the toys,
barely paying attention to Key's questions.
But she's working off the correct assumption
that sometimes kids are threatened
to keep abuse secret.
She then invites children to talk with her
in the voices of different dolls and toys,
making it clear that this is a game of imagination.
Then her questions become a little more leading,
as she starts to provide
these lurid details herself,
trying to get children to agree
that these things happened.
As they still deny it,
she becomes, well, coercive.
She tells them she already knows
that these things happened,
that all the other kids had said so,
and that she knows that this kid is involved.
She makes it clear the answers that she wants
and the answers that she doesn't want,
the disdain in her voice obvious,
as the children continue to say
that nothing happened.
Then she begins bordering on outright abusive.
She tells kids to show their anger
by slamming the doll's head on the counter,
showing them how in a shocking display of force.
The children that will not admit to the abuse
are called stupid, dummies,
said to have bad memories,
or be lying,
all through the sweet,
put-on voices of various toys.
Those that finally did agree to what Key was saying,
agreed to being abused,
were praised brightly
and rewarded by Key and their parents alike,
who showered them with attention,
believing that the very worst had happened.
And so, the kids did what the adults
had made clear they wanted.
They lied, and then they kept lying.
It seemed that the wilder the story got,
the more praise and attention they were given.
Not only that,
they got to go home.
The facts of the case
also began to tell a different story.
In every single trial,
not a shred of true physical evidence,
not a drop of blood or bodily fluids,
not a single pornographic photograph
was ever found.
Many of the children accusing Ray of abuse
had not even attended the school
at the same time that he worked there.
Toward the end of the trial,
Judy Johnson,
the original accuser in the McMartin case,
was found dead in her home from alcohol poisoning,
and it was revealed that she,
to the knowledge of the prosecution,
was a diagnosed and unmedicated paranoid schizophrenic
who had told law enforcement
stranger and stranger stories
of satanic abuse and pedophile networks
all throughout the investigation,
information that was withheld from the defense.
The jury came back on January 18, 1990,
and after a trial lasting six long years,
after $15 million of taxpayer money,
they found Ray and Peggy not guilty on 52 counts,
and they were deadlocked on the other 13.
They were free to go,
bankrupt by legal fees,
free to pass through the screaming parents,
the children,
some now grown into teenagers,
and the sea of rabid reporters.
Ray would be sent back to court
for the remaining charges,
but they would be dismissed
after a three-month trial.
Key McFarlane was exposed as a relative fraud,
never holding the psychotherapy degrees
that she had claimed.
It was also revealed that she had began
a romantic relationship early on
with one of the biggest tabloid reporters
who produced endless exclusives
on the McMartin case over its six-year run.
I never did anything.
My son didn't do anything,
nor my mother, my daughter,
or any of the teachers.
I just can't imagine ever molesting a child.
I'm not guilty, Your Honor.
190 people nationwide were charged
with the ritual abuse of children,
many of them women.
But unlike the McMartins,
83 people were convicted in total.
Several died in prison.
After the McMartin trial,
skeptics and believers battled it out,
many claiming that the trial
had been a miscarriage of justice
for the child victims,
or perhaps even a conspiracy of silence.
But then, in 1992,
FBI agent Kenneth Lanning
shared his extensive work
in a report on satanic ritual abuse,
declaring that the threat
just wasn't credible.
And so, by the mid-90s,
the debunking of satanic ritual abuse
had become the hot new story,
with Geraldo apologizing
for his role in the hysteria,
and those who still believed
becoming the subjects of ridicule.
And then, just as quickly as it came,
the whole panic seemed to disappear
from the consciousness of the public.
But it didn't disappear
for the scores of people
directly affected.
Years passed,
appeals failed,
and hope diminished
as those in prison
continued to deny their guilt.
And then, 10 years later,
20 years later,
the medical experts began to admit
that their molestation detection methods
had since been proven bogus,
and many of the grown children
began to recant their testimonies.
They said they'd been coerced
and bullied into the accusations
right from the beginning,
by social workers and police,
and even by their own,
mostly well-meaning,
completely terrified parents.
At these new trials,
the prosecution,
that once believed everything
these children had said on principle,
bashed them brutally
and called them liars,
but what they would gain from recanting
never became clear.
As the convictions were overturned,
many of the grown children
wept at the sight of those
they had accused
being released from prison
all those years later.
In 2005,
one of the main accusers
wrote an open letter
to the McMartin family
that was published in L.A. Weekly.
He told of coercive techniques,
of the confusion,
of the guilt and the fear,
and about how his own mother
would never believe him
as he sobbed
and tried to tell her
the real truth
throughout the trial.
He ended with a simple statement.
I would love to look
at the defendants
from the McMartin preschool
and tell them I'm sorry.
After the letter was published,
the McMartin family,
however,
refused to accept his apology.
They refused to accept
his apology, they said,
because he did not owe them one.
It was the adults,
the prosecutors and cops
and psychotherapists
and social workers
and so-called experts
that they wanted an apology from.
Dr. Pazder had died
the year before of a heart attack
after admitting that perhaps
the horrific things
detailed in his book,
his book that trained psychotherapists
and social workers
and police,
his book that sparked
a nationwide moral panic
with severe effects
for all involved,
had not happened
to his patient-turned wife,
but whether it was true,
he said,
was far less important
than the fact
that Michelle believed it.
To be clear,
the maxim,
we believe the children,
is a good message
because it's true
that kids almost never
come forward
with false accusations
of abuse
and false accusations
of sexual assault
are very rare in general.
Methods of interviewing
possible child victims
have since been
completely revised
by child psychologists
to avoid those types
of leading questions.
But in the 1980s,
all the focus
on the confused testimonies
of these coerced little kids
derailed a rising
victims' rights movement
that was full of survivors
with less sensational accusations
that did not include
satanic sacrifices,
but often did include
male members
of the sacred nuclear family
that the moral majority
was so obsessed
with venerating.
The problem was not
that the children
were being believed,
but that,
since the very beginning,
they were not.
The kids of the
satanic panic trials
were not corrupted
by pedophile Satanists.
They were corrupted
by the symbolic fears
of anxious adults
in a chaotic culture war,
and whether or not
any actual sexual abuse
occurred to any of these kids
will likely never be known
because of the way
the panic unfolded,
because of the way
everyone was swept away
in the story of it all
and what it meant,
a perfect, terrifying metaphor
for a rapidly changing country.
And so,
it starts to make sense
why some of these
satanic child sex ring themes
are coming back now,
as the number of women
graduating from college
is surpassing the number of men
in a post-MeToo world
where victims of sexual assault
are encouraged
to share their stories
and seek accountability
of their abusers.
A North Carolina man
was arrested Sunday
in Washington, D.C.,
after a shooting
that he says
was motivated
by an internet conspiracy theory.
The Pizzagate rumor
came from fringe elements
of social media
and was pushed
during the campaign
by right-wing websites
like Breitbart,
which is run by
key Trump advisor
Steve Bannon.
It has also been pushed
by the son of
President-elect Donald Trump's
new National Security Director,
Mike Flynn.
On Sunday,
after the incident,
Michael Flynn Jr. tweeted,
quote,
until Pizzagate proven
to be false,
it will remain a story.
In 2016,
as the first woman
made a viable run
for president,
reports burned
across social media
that Hillary Clinton
and campaign chairman
John Podesta,
known online
as hashtag John Molesta,
were running
a satanic child sex ring
out of a D.C. pizza parlor
named Comet Ping Pong.
The alleged
coded evidence
was found,
where else,
but in Clinton's
infamous leaked emails.
One such email
was sent to John Podesta
about spirit cooking,
a controversial
performance art piece
involving menstrual blood
that was taken
as a real satanic ritual
participated in secretly
by the powerful elite,
aka the Illuminati.
These conspiracy theories
were shared
1.4 million times
by more than
a quarter of a million accounts
in their first weeks of life.
Russian trolls
began creating
fake Facebook news ads
citing satanic ritual
abusive children
by Clinton
and they spread
all across the internet.
Just a few days later,
Donald Trump won
the 2016 presidential election.
A month later,
a vigilante conspiracy theorist
entered Comet Pizza
searching for the child victims
with an AR-15,
opening fire
into a restaurant
full of patrons,
including children.
The newest rumor circulating
is known as frazzledrip,
which surprisingly
is not a new drug
on Riverdale.
According to Believers,
it refers to a snuff film
produced for the dark web
showing Hillary Clinton
and longtime aide
Huma Abedin
sexually assaulting
and murdering
an underage girl,
ritualistically filleting
the girl's face
and then wearing it
like a mask.
Just like those
Depression-era adults
once created
the innocent Eden-like world
of the modern child
with its lush green gardens
and crayon blue skies,
with its plush predators
and its uncomplicated purity,
adults in the 1980s
created its perfect opposite,
a brutal, godless hellscape
of grinding torture,
featuring the slaughters
of those beloved animals,
of kittens and puppies,
snakes slithering
into their helpless bodies.
While children continue
to occupy that cultural symbol
of ultimate innocence,
it seems that Hillary Clinton
is now fulfilling
the same role
the daycare workers once did,
a psychological symbol
of the fear
of the increasing power
of women.
Satanic ritual abuse
accusations
call back
to a common interpretation
of our most influential
cultural origin story,
Eve's pact
with the satanic snake
of original sin
and God's subsequent punishment
of all women
to exist only
as wives and mothers
and to be subservient
to men.
It's a convenient story,
isn't it?
So many of our stories
are just that,
convenient.
Convenient to reinforce
the power structures
that be
or to vent
our anxieties symbolically.
Michelle remembers,
and the concept
of satanic ritual abuse
are examples
of these stories.
It seems that
every time
women want for more,
they become partnered
with Satan,
the challenger,
the adversary
to the social order,
who's bound
to slither up
out of hell
any time
they step
out of line.
From Skylark,
this was
American Hysteria.
Next time,
on the show,
2016 saw a rash
of phantom clown sightings
rock the nation,
with children and adults
reporting clowns lurking,
chasing,
offering candy,
and brandishing weapons.
But it wasn't
the first time.
I'll take you
into the uncanny valley
and into the world
of true crime
to explore why
the clown has become
the monster
that it is today.
American Hysteria
is written,
produced,
and hosted
by me,
Chelsea Weber-Smith.
Assistant produced
by Derek Smith
and produced
and edited
by Clear Camo Studios.
Please leave us
a review
and follow us
on social media.
You can find
those links
in the show notes.
Have a great week.
as a review us
to help us
weочь
will bring you
into the ocean!
Add to
our
community
to
都
speak
well
give us
a review
