This is American Hysteria's Aftershock, where I share with you a story that didn't make it into the main episode.
I'm your host, Chelsea Weber-Smith, and today we're talking about Gamergate.
Before it had a name, it was nothing but trying to get me to kill myself, trying to get people to hurt me, going after my family.
Gamergate will always be that to me, making the same accusation everybody makes towards any successful woman that clearly she got to where she is because she had sex with someone.
If you haven't heard of the online video game scandal called Gamergate, consider yourself lucky.
But you're not lucky anymore, are you?
Gamergate was a surprisingly widespread conspiracy theory about, you guessed it, the liberal feminist infiltration of the male-dominated video game industry, or what I like to call the man cave of America.
Really quick, don't get me wrong here, we at American Hysteria love our gamers, but the only video game I've played in the past five years was some horror movie video game that my entire family watched me play, including my granny.
We're only talking about a small faction of extreme misogynistic gamers today.
And, just so you know, it's gonna get really rough.
Gamergate was also the nickname given to the extreme harassment campaign full of violent and disturbing threats that was mounted in response to a boogeyman myth of women who used sex to get ahead in the gaming community.
The hashtag Gamergate was used by the perpetrators, who have been called Gamergaters, and initially organized through anonymous profiles on sites like 4chan, Reddit, and Twitter.
Those who support the actions taken by those Gamergaters claim that they've been a part of a movement, though there is no cohesive ideology to this group, and there's no credible evidence to support this conspiracy.
But yes, women are writing about video games from a feminist perspective, making up a pretty tiny voice in a sea of computer dudes.
The harassment originally targeted Zoe Quinn, who identifies as non-binary and uses they-them pronouns as I will today.
They are a 27-year-old independent video game developer who created the unorthodox Depression Quest, a game that launched in February of 2013.
A simple text-based game based on Quinn and co-writer Patrick Lindsay's own experiences with mental illness, Depression Quest may not sound like a super fun idea for a video game,
but it was also a pretty innocuous creation to add to the hyper-violent canon of modern video games,
and as we learned about in our Men's Rights episode around male depression,
it was something that the very men who would go on to rage so hard about could probably have used.
The game functions sort of like a choose-your-own-adventure book,
as the player is presented with a prompt and a series of choices that determine how the story unfolds.
However, to demonstrate the sometimes debilitating effects of depression,
some of the choices are crossed out and unavailable to the player.
For example, when a character in the story prompts you with the phrase,
what's wrong, the option to confide in her honestly is crossed out,
and instead the player must choose from the less desirable options,
such as insist that nothing is wrong and change the subject.
Zoe Quinn and Patrick Lindsay were fully aware that Depression Quest lacked the traditional entertainment associated with video games,
but they were hopeful that it could be educational and even open up a dialogue about living with depression.
Following the initial release of Depression Quest,
the game was generally received positively by video game critics,
who understood and embraced what Zoe and Patrick were trying to do.
However, for Zoe, the backlash began almost immediately.
Initially, online criticism of the game was limited to negative reviews on blogs and forums
by gamers who felt that Depression Quest was undeserving of the positive hype surrounding it.
Others felt that the reception was indicative of a changing landscape
in the video game industry and online spaces,
where traditional combat and skill-centered games would be replaced by thoughtful but unentertaining games,
addressing serious topics, social justice, full of PC language,
and packed full of lessons and morals.
It took 30 years, but the world of political correctness has finally set its sights on video games.
The Gamergate controversy began earlier this year,
and one of the big concerns, misogyny, and war against women in video game culture.
The wider story became that liberal politics had entered into the industry,
and that developers like Zoe Quinn were being rewarded not for their talent,
but for catering to the progressive mindset,
and working consciously against what else but the rights of men to be men
and say bad words at everyone over their headsets.
First, it was jokes, memes, comments, and rants on internet forums,
the typical stuff, almost all from behind that safe veil of anonymous usernames.
But soon, the posts grew increasingly violent,
full of death threats and assault threats and rape threats so vile that
I want to protect you, dear listener,
but just know that whatever I share here,
the more extreme examples are far, far, far worse.
As the backlash persisted, fans of Depression Quest and members of the gamer community at large
defended Zoe Quinn and posted supportive messages.
Zoe was undeterred and mostly able to ignore the troubling backlash,
and they soldiered on working to secure a wider release for Depression Quest
on the popular gaming platform Steam.
The game was released in August 2014,
where it was packaged as a pay-what-you-want game,
with proceeds going to the National Suicide Prevention Hotline.
The spark that would ignite GamerGate into a full-blown offensive
would happen just five days later.
On August 16, 2014,
a very long blog entry titled The Zoe Post was first published online.
It was written by Zoe's ex-boyfriend, Aaron Joni,
featuring screenshots of texts and instant message conversations between them
over the course of their seven-month relationship,
in which they broke up several times.
Written in multiple acts,
the Zoe Post was intended,
according to Joni,
who was subsequently interviewed by BuzzFeed,
to be a call-out post
detailing Zoe's behavior in their relationship,
which Joni characterized as emotionally manipulative and abusive.
Additionally,
the post seemed to call out
what Joni perceived as
an unethical relationship between progressive,
social justice-oriented video game designers and the media.
Joni insisted that he had little interest in video games,
and this particular issue only arose as a byproduct
of Zoe's alleged infidelity during their relationship.
I read almost the whole thing,
and to be fair,
it sounded like a bad relationship,
and perhaps some of what Joni wrote about Zoe was true.
A picture of the kind of relationship many of us have regrettably had.
But most of these alleged offenses amounted to cheating and lying,
an experience that, of course, sucks.
Along with alleging that Zoe had cheated on him multiple times
with multiple men during their on-and-off relationship,
Joni's post appeared to imply that during this time,
Zoe had slept with video game journalist Nathan Grayson
in exchange for a positive review of Depression Quest.
Joni later stated that he hadn't intended to allege this,
and it had come from a misunderstanding
because of a typo in his blog.
While Zoe and Nathan Grayson were briefly in a relationship,
it didn't happen until after the positive review of Depression Quest.
Nonetheless,
Joni asserted that Zoe may have used friendly,
if not sexual connections to journalists
to increase positive media coverage of Depression Quest,
a game that Joni later described as good and novel
and deserving of the critical praise it received.
On a broader scale,
Joni insisted that there is a pattern of nepotism
in the gaming industry,
particularly between game designers and journalists,
which leads to games centered around issues of social justice
and progressive politics being covered favorably in the press,
despite the fact that they may not be well-received
by the general gaming public.
But critics disagreeing with the general public
is pretty much a hallmark of every kind of art.
Joni later admitted that he had been in communication
in an advisory capacity with other proponents of Gamergate,
though with the intention of being a whistleblower
and without condoning personal attacks or threats of violence.
But at the same time,
he also claimed that he estimated the likelihood of harassment at 80%.
He said that while he regretted this,
he did not regret the original blog post.
Soon after the post had been published,
Zoe's Wikipedia profile was edited to have a time of death,
and that time of death said,
soon.
And when Zoe's friend edited it back,
just moments later,
it was changed to died October 13th, 2014,
that very day.
The same month that Depression Quest was released on Steam
and the Zoe post was published online,
Zoe became the victim of what we know as doxing,
internet slang for document tracing,
where personal information is hacked and made public.
In Zoe's case,
it was their phone number, email address,
home address,
and then nude photos.
Quinn had to first change their phone number
and then was forced to leave their home
after death and rape threats would not stop
and people claimed to be waiting outside their residence.
Soon the threats spread to family and friends.
This is a quote from Zoe.
The internet spent the last month
spreading my personal information around,
sending me threats,
hacking anyone suspected of being friends with me,
calling my dad and telling him I'm a whore,
sending nude photos of me to my colleagues,
and basically giving me the burn the witch treatment.
Meanwhile, individuals in the gaming industry,
including many, many men,
widely condemned these attacks against Zoe,
as did video game fans and members of the general public,
as expressed on social media.
Many of those who defended Zoe
were also subjected to harassment
and in extreme cases, doxing.
For Anita Sarkeesian,
this is the new normal.
Armed escorts at public events,
tracking her every move.
I'm constantly aware of the fact that
there's an enormous amount of hate
directed towards me.
Hate in the form of bomb threats,
rape threats,
even death threats.
Anita Sarkeesian was also singled out
by proponents of Gamergate
due to her YouTube series
Tropes vs. Women in Video Games,
videos that have been described
as a feminist critique
of the depictions of women in video games.
A Twitter user under the handle
atbendin created an online game
called Beat Up Anita Sarkeesian,
tweeting out the explanation,
quote,
she claims to want gender equality in video games,
but in reality,
she just wants to use the fact
that she was born with a vagina
to get free money and sympathy
from everyone who crosses her path.
Anita was also the victim
of a doxing attack
when her personal information,
including her home address
and even her social security number,
were leaked.
Following this were frightening messages
and tweets sent directly to her,
one of which read,
quote,
I'm sitting outside your apartment,
and here he says her address,
with a loaded gun.
The moment you step outside,
I'm going to blow you away.
Like Zoe before her,
Anita left her home
after the rape and death threats
got too real.
In October of 2014,
she was also forced
to cancel a scheduled appearance
at Utah State University
after the school received
multiple anonymous threats of violence,
one of which directly referenced
the Gamergate campaign,
and one that threatened
a mass shooting
motivated by anti-feminism.
An FBI investigation
into the threats
failed to identify
those behind them.
Though the harassment
gradually waned,
the Gamergate subreddit
continues to host discussions
about the influence
of social justice
in the video game industry.
Efforts have also been made
to curtail online harassment,
and non-profit organizations
like the Online Abuse
Prevention Initiative
and the Crash Override Network
have been formed
to help those
who've experienced
this level of harassment
and to connect them
with the appropriate
law enforcement channels
if it becomes necessary.
Despite the lack of evidence
that the video game press
is in bed with feminists,
the Gamergate supporters
who have distanced themselves
from the harassment campaign
have continued to call
for a more ethical gamer press,
which is their right.
They claim that the press coverage
of Gamergate
has been one-sided
and that the mainstream media
has failed to look past
the harassment
at what Gamergaters feel
is legitimate criticism.
Some Gamergate supporters
have claimed that
they themselves
have been victims of harassment
because of their beliefs.
While Zoe Quinn
and other victims of Gamergate
have been able to move on
from the harassment,
the endlessly complicated
conspiracy theories
rage on
on the very websites
that spawned the campaign
in the first place.
Some even purport
that Zoe faked
the harassment entirely
and partnered with
the liberal media
in a smear campaign
against male gamers.
Some have called Zoe
a fake victim
and have alleged
that Zoe is the actual
perpetrator of the harassment.
Just last September,
the hashtag
Zoe Quinn is a murderer
trended on Twitter
among Gamergate believers,
alleging that Zoe harassed
a man so badly
that he was driven
to suicide,
ignoring the hundreds
and hundreds of requests
received by Zoe
to do just that.
The careers of Zoe Quinn,
Anita Sarskian,
and others who have been
doxxed and harassed
have continued on.
In addition to video games,
Zoe has also started
a second career
as a comic book writer,
contributing to such
high-profile comics
as Marvel's Fearless
and a new issue
of the classic
Addams Family series.
They also recently published
a memoir titled
Crash Override,
How Gamergate
Nearly Destroyed My Life,
and How We Can Win
the Fight Against Online Hate.
In 2015,
Zoe and Anita
spoke out against
online harassment
at the United Nations
and advocated
for greater online protection.
Later that year,
Anita was named
one of Time Magazine's
100 Most Influential People
in the World.
It's strange
when those who participate
in online hate campaigns
don't quite see the irony
in all of it,
how they continue,
again and again,
to prove exactly
what feminist gamers express,
and to the most extreme degree.
In the classic
cognitive dissonance
of abuser as victim,
some Gamergate supporters
are always the ones
who are being oppressed,
never the person
they harass.
They see it as deserved
because Zoe and Anita
and the others
had the audacity
to add their voices
to this virtual man cave,
and she also allegedly
cheated on a guy
and lied about it,
and that's some serious fodder
for those who are angry
at women already.
But of course,
there's always another side
to this story,
and Zoe's is of
an obsessive man
who eventually turned violent.
Free speech
is a cardinal law
to those that promote
conspiracy theories
like Gamergate,
but it somehow
only applies
to their own right
to harass their targets
and spread dangerous information
and does not apply
to those
who write
from different perspectives
about the problems
in this virtual man cave.
Whatever legitimate grievances
may exist
are entirely offset
by attempts
to terrify those
who disagree
into silence
and even into hiding.
It's just like
that old proverb,
hell hath no fury
like a misogynist
gamer scorned.
This was
American Hysteria's
Aftershock.
Next time on the show,
we're covering perhaps
the most complicated thing
we ever have,
outrage culture.
If you'd like to support
our show,
you can also leave us
positive reviews
on whatever platform
you listen on.
And come and follow us
on social media as well,
where you can get
more extra content.
American Hysteria
is written,
produced,
and hosted by me,
Chelsea Weber-Smith.
Sound design by
Clear Camo Studios,
co-written by
Riley Smith,
and co-produced
by Miranda Zickler.
Thanks, as always,
for listening,
and if I do get back
into video games,
you know you'll find me
50-50 grinding
on a telephone wire
in Tony Hawk Pro Spader.
Have a great week.
take care of you.
Thanks.
Take care.
ุง and
To understand who's
in two in two modules,
in one week,
morning air
