This season, we'll be further exploring each topic, hanging out with experts and enthusiasts
of all kinds for more strange stories, social commentary, and the myths that make America
tick.
I'm your host, Chelsea Weber-Smith.
Glenn Washington is a podcaster and producer, and most importantly, a storyteller.
The host of WNYC's Snap Judgment and Spooked, Glenn also hosted an in-depth podcast about
the UFO cult called Heaven's Gate that famously committed a mass suicide in 1997.
But Glenn's experience with the subject matter of Heaven's Gate was also deeply personal
as he grew up in an extremist religious sect called the Worldwide Church of God.
He'll tell us all about this experience, and together we'll talk about how cults draw
well-meaning people in and what it means to be a seeker.
Thank you so much for joining us today, Glenn.
And this is a huge honor for us.
I mean, you know, you're podcast royalty, and I'm so excited you're willing to come on the
show and share some of your very personal story.
I'm thrilled to be here, Chelsea.
Thanks for inviting me.
Oh, I'm so glad.
Okay.
So I want to start, just dive right in, right?
So I want you to just tell us, if you don't mind, about your experience growing up in what
you have classified and many others have classified as a cult, and it's called the Worldwide Church
of God.
So I was hoping you could just give us a little intro to what that was like, what the leader
was like, and just generally what it was like to grow up in a very hyper-religious cult.
You know, there's a lot that went into that.
I was living in Detroit as when I was a small child with my parents.
And Detroit was going through a type of implosion at the time.
And for all kinds of different things were happening.
It was just, it felt, it was, the city was, was basically cannibalizing itself.
And as the white sort of power structure moved out of the city, like in a mass.
And so, and my parents were kind of responding to that, I think.
And they were trying to find a space where things would be better to raise us maybe or something.
And for some reason, both my parents were religious.
My mother started listening to this person on the radio, this person who eventually became
a TV show.
It's a program called The World Tomorrow.
And it was about, you know, how things are going to be different and all that kind of stuff
in the world tomorrow.
But what it was really speaking about, the big hook was the fear.
And the fear came from an understanding of biblical prophecy.
Brethren, we see the future.
We see what's going on over the bend.
And the tribulation, this time of fire and destruction is imminent, you know, and that proved a very,
very powerful lure.
The idea that these people had unlocked the secret prophetic aspect of the Bible.
So that was the hook.
And that was the hook that got a lot of people involved in this organization.
Unlike all, you know, good cults, it started in California.
True that.
But we were in Michigan.
So the cult had gone worldwide.
It was all over the place, you know, through Africa, through Europe, through Asia.
So, but we, but like I said, I was a kid.
I don't know any of this.
And again, they don't lead with all that white supremacy stuff.
What they led with was appeals to people's fear.
And here's the thing.
I say cult because a cult to me is an organization that encourages its followers to essentially write to,
cuts ties with the rest of their social family groups.
Be very, very insular, generally has a single charismatic leader whose authority is unquestioned, oftentimes speaks to or for God.
And a lot of times has kind of an apocalyptic frame around them.
We met all those tests for a cult.
The beliefs, while crazy to me in retrospect, are not any crazier than any other belief systems, I don't think.
You know, you can go down the street and say, when someone takes a wafer of bread that is supposed to be the body of, represent the body of Christ,
and they will tell you that it transforms into the actual flesh of Christ somehow in the digestive tract.
So, you know, and that's a mainstream belief.
These are faith as opposed to some sort of, I guess, scientific analysis.
So all these things can be odd.
I think what the thing is for the cult is you can't just put a cult down on Sunday and then go on about your business.
This is an all-consuming thing.
This is something that's your wake up and your go to bed.
This is everything.
And in our organization, because the end time was so imminent, some of the people in our organization went to sleep wearing their boots so they could get up in case Jesus came back.
So they'd be ready.
And that was that sort of intensity of belief was the world to which I grew up in.
And every single decision, every single aspect of our lives was touched by this fire and understanding that it's about to be over any minute.
Jesus is about to return.
And if you don't get yourself right, and by getting yourself right means doing what our leader says do.
If you don't get yourself right, when the Lord comes to take us to the place of safety and escape this tribulation that is going to befall this world, you are going to be left behind.
And you do not want that.
No, you do not want that.
So that's kind of how I grew up.
So that's it's such an all consuming structure.
And I've been in the things I've been studying and even in some ways my own growing up, there was this sort of idea that and I don't disagree with it a lot.
But this idea of ego and the loss of ego and when you sort of break down the things that someone believes in, that's breaking down their entire self.
Right. And I'm not quite sure how how yours did it.
But I think there's so much sort of in the more new age tradition where you're not supposed to feel emotions.
You're not supposed to appeal to these selfish things inside of you.
Well, at the same time, you're getting this story because in the new age side of it, there's an apocalypse, too.
And maybe that's a utopian apocalypse.
But you have to get ready.
You have to get yourself right.
So I think I'm interested in the ways that did your organization have some sort of ego breakdown project?
Does that make sense?
There certainly is this idea that you are full of sin and that only by grace are you allowed fellowship.
And you, I guess I will say this as well.
The calling, you are specially chosen.
Only the only the chosen are are those who are in this church.
And there was a lot of reference made to one hundred and forty four thousand people would just mentioned in the Bible would would make this call, make the grade.
And so you feel special out of all the billions of people that might be wandering the face of the globe right now.
You are calling, you're chosen, you're special.
And to reject that calling is would be the greatest tragedy ever.
And you would have a special probably punishment if you got to be called and you rejected that call.
So that's almost like the other side, right, of an ego breakdown is you're you're making someone feel full of sin.
Right. So you're making them feel bad, like they need a leader.
And then you're also making them feel special.
And that feels like the most deadly combination.
And so speaking of that and your experience, I think in American hysteria, so much of it is examining my own past and it's done in a narrative form a little bit, but it's also done through history and through examining how the stories that maybe I believed that were too fantastical or even conspiratorial have just these like very serious roots.
And I think, you know, if our listeners haven't listened to your Heaven's Gate podcast, I would send them over there immediately.
And so you studied this cult that we mentioned in our episode called Heaven's Gate.
And it's very different than the one that you grew up in.
It's far more new age.
But I think there's there's so much in common.
And that's why you wanted to explore that story.
So what about exploring that story, exploring that history?
How did that affect kind of your own retrospective?
Was it cathartic?
How was it hard?
What did it do to you?
It gave me a second chance.
I was I was born into a cult.
I didn't ever affirmatively as an adult say, I'm going to go and join a cult now.
But I but I was a true believer in the organization, into my teens.
And because of that, of that background, I, I think that oftentimes when people hear the word cult, especially something like Heaven's Gate, the whole there's such an other ring that happens when you hear those terms.
Like, I could never do that.
I could.
Those people are crazy.
Tom Cruise, you know, who and jumping on the couch, jumping on the couch.
And, you know, right.
And he's those crazy people, crazy Hollywood.
I don't find these people any crazier than anybody else because those have been my that's my that's who I was raised with.
And I and their belief systems, too.
I guess I can't emphasize this enough right now.
I have I have received four political emails today from people I know that are crazier than anything I grew up with.
Sure thing.
Yeah.
And with as absent of fact and hysteria and full of hysteria as anything of any interpretation of tribulation I've ever heard.
It feels like right now that a good proportion of our society is in a crazy cult.
Mm hmm.
So I just think that these lines between us and them are not as stark as we like to pretend they might be.
And my thing from heaven's gate was like I wanted to to get a more of a immersive understanding of what it's like as an adult.
Where are you as an adult in your life that this particular type of answer?
Because that's what cults are.
They're an answer.
They're an answer to whatever this problem you may be going through.
Here is the answer.
I think oftentimes the problem that your people are having in their lives is more important than an understanding and understanding this organization.
That problem, that initial concern that people are having might be more important to understand that than the actual organization they join.
That's almost immaterial.
They're having a problem.
You're having a crisis of identity, of perspective, of spirituality.
And someone says, here's your answer.
And understand.
And this is what's so interesting about it.
All conspiracies at their end are attempts to simplify a baffling world.
Like, OK, now if you understand who shot John F. Kennedy, now everything makes sense.
Now we got it.
And these cults are very much that same thing.
Oh, you're missing this one key point.
Now the world's going to make sense to you.
Politically, the dialogues that we have right now are oftentimes on both sides of the spectrum, of both sides, of the multifaceted spectrum.
This, I know if you get this truth, then everything else will fall into place.
That is, I thought that was a particularly American lie.
But it turns out that that's a universal ridiculousness.
I just think that cults are just one aspect of that.
And like I said, I wanted to understand where people were that led them to looking for a solution to solve everything.
And that gets you into people's lives.
And I really appreciated that aspect of the project.
It made me understand a little bit more about the decisions they made to go back and say, where were you before you make that decision?
You talk about a charismatic leader in the way of confidence, I think.
And that confidence is so addictive.
I mean, I am 100% someone who could have joined a cult.
Not even born into one.
I think I could have joined one.
And I think my experience growing up was more in the new age, more in the 2012 type of, you know, not a second coming, but a, you know, a very earth shattering event that would eventually bring, you know, an era of peace.
So it's not even dissimilar.
So what both things seem to have in common, and you've spoken about this before, is that those who are maybe vulnerable or whatever you want to say to joining a cult at their core often are seekers.
And I would really love, I feel like being a seeker is probably one of the best parts about my life and then one of the more difficult parts of my life.
And I've been a seeker through many, many, many different strange spiritualities.
I used to hitchhike around the country hoping to just find this thing that I didn't even know I was looking for.
So I think a seeker is vulnerable to that.
And at the heart, no matter who the person is that has joined a cult, whatever that means, with a charismatic leader where they relinquish sort of control and understanding to this person, that's the best thing that you can – that's the end goal, right?
The end goal of a seeker is to find the truth in many cases until maybe you find out that that's not really the goal.
But I think the idea of the seeker, I would love to kind of talk about – it's like such an archetypal part of America and obviously everywhere.
But what to you defines a seeker and how are you a seeker?
Well, it's an interesting question because I know this from my own background.
I feel that these groups oftentimes do pervert this righteous and holy and good instinct in people to search for the truth.
And the people that are most sincere about it oftentimes are the most vulnerable to these charlatans.
And it's sad because I think this is a really good aspect of – I think the people who really want to get to their core, get to some sort of understanding, seek a purpose beyond themselves.
I think these are oftentimes the best people.
Mm-hmm.
And then some trickster who wants to use that instinct for – and twist it for their own ends interferes with that person's growth.
Who is that seeker?
Well, I would like to think that I'm a seeker of a type.
But I know this.
I think this is what's happened.
This is what's interesting to me.
I – like my first personal family business, it seems – I come from a family of seekers.
And I've just been devastated that I hear – recently I've been getting all of this communication from people who I know and love for years.
And they are telling me these conspiracy theories about QAnon.
Now, the people who are sending me this, they don't know that they are QAnon memes and things like that.
They might not even know who Q is, but they think that they've gotten to the bottom of some thing and this is something I need to look into.
I think that what has happened – a lot of people who are close to me is that they're watching this news that they call it.
Whatever – anybody can have news these days.
But they're watching this stuff and they never developed the antibodies to distinguish between the real and the illusory.
They never developed that.
I think that the internet foisted on certain members of the older generation has alienated that generation from their offspring because they didn't grow up with the antibodies to have the BS detectors on this medium.
And the same thing I feel about myself growing up in a cult.
I still want to be a seeker.
I still think that those people who are searching for truth are, again, some of the best people.
But I grew up in a cult and I got some antibodies from that growing up.
And I appreciate those antibodies.
What's funny to me is growing up in a cult, one of the things that we had to do was essentially memorize the Bible, at least passages of it.
The way that you can only memorize something as a child.
An adult can't memorize that book that way, the way that a kid can do so.
They do this oftentimes with the Quran as well.
But we had to memorize huge passages of it and get really into it as children.
That aspect itself ended up being largely a part of the demise of the organization I grew up in.
Because when you do that, when you tell a kid to memorize this book here, and then you say, okay, now the book says this.
And the kid's like, no, it doesn't.
Now, where?
Now, what you said, that's not in here.
You're making that up.
You've just inadvertently inoculated that kid to some degree over the nonsense that you are trying to push to him.
The same thing here.
I feel like people are not getting the inoculation for BS, for tricksters, for hucksters.
And you see them sit and watch Fox News or whatever for hours and just take that in without any filter.
I'm seeing the same process on a different way.
I grew up taking that crazy founder of my religion and taking out his nonsense with no filter, without checking.
The idea that you could fact check it was foreboding.
When he spoke to the Lord, that's it.
And if you try to look into whatever it is and whatever, well, not that you have the internet or anything like that, but if you try to research it, you are going against God.
And you see the same type of fervor, fervor, in so many different aspects of the day, like how dare you question this person?
How dare you question their patriotism, their loyalty, their plan?
Their truth, really.
Their truth.
You got to get on board.
You got to get on board.
There's no, you don't, you don't get to, ours is not to reason why, ours is but to do or die.
That, I just, I'm not, and I've given a lot of thought to how do you get these, these antibodies?
What do you do?
Is it, what do you, what would you do?
Well, my antibodies came from making the show, really.
Up until that point, I, I was real new age light at that point.
Um, but man, making the show.
And I think, I mean, what a privilege it is for me to make this show.
What a privilege it is for me to have the kind of job where my job is to investigate my own fantastical thinking and to try to, to give that information to people.
Um, it may not be consumable to someone in QAnon, but perhaps there's a kernel of what we're talking about that could help someone get through.
Oh, it's hard because we did a fake news episode about, you know, how do you combat fake news?
I don't know.
Um, but it's, it's unfortunately not sharing, uh, conflicting information because there's all these studies that show when you, you give somebody, uh, conflicting facts to what they believe.
Right.
They, they actually believe it harder.
Right.
Um, then, then if you just agreed with them that, you know, it's, it's, it's such a strange and, and kind of upsetting thing.
But obviously it's, it's a muscle, it's a muscle, like any other thing that you have to flex and something that I just, I really adore about your perspective is, I mean, you use this word inoculation and that's just like.
Gonna, that's going to be my vocabulary now because it, it is this, it's perfect in that we sometimes really focus on the people and we focus on all these awful, you know, Trump supporters and, you know, how horrible they are and all of these different things.
And in some cases, I'm not going to say that's not true, but we're not, we're, we're focusing on sort of the people who've been made vulnerable by a charlatan, by a huckster.
And in a lot of ways, having access to what it takes to have critical thinking is not accessible all the time.
People may not even know to try to access, you know, access critical thinking.
And so I just, I really appreciate the empathy that you try to extend.
And I think we try to do the same thing because I do get it in some way.
I may not get that narrative, but these folks, a lot of times were raised within that narrative in the way that you were in the way that I was.
And these narratives shape our entire world and getting out of that narrative is, is really scary because as you said, you put your whole confidence.
These people have put everything into their charismatic leader.
And, and I don't know how you get out of that.
And honestly, at the end of the day, it's heartbreaking to me.
It's, it's less, I have less anger and, and maybe that's just me.
I don't think anger is a bad thing in any way, but I think if you have that thing in you that you can, you can try to understand.
Not everybody's going to want to do that.
That's not the battle for everyone.
And, and the battle takes whatever that battle may be, takes all kinds of emotion and all kinds of methods of fighting.
But do you think trying to understand folks, how do you think that is helpful when, when it's, you know, these, these things we consider crazy, but, but there is a human below all of that.
And, and I'm just curious about, about what you think, you know, you extend this empathy and what value do you see in extending that?
Extending that kind of attempt to understand what, what can come from that to you?
And I mean, maybe that's the same question of combating fake news or whatever, but you definitely have a kind of empathy that, that is unique to you.
And so I'm just, I'm interested in this idea of empathy for folks that we, you know, otherwise are very, very, very angry with for good reason.
And there's a lot of battle over, do we try to understand?
Do we just write this off and go to, to, to a culture war?
So what do you think about all that?
Yeah.
You've alluded already to the idea that this isn't about information anymore.
We always, I remember growing up thinking, oh, we're going to have the information at our fingertips.
And then we'll be, we'll have a, a, an arbiter that'll sort this stuff out.
We'll know what to do.
We'll have, we'll have a collective sort of vision of our society.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
Information is really not to ask what we're talking about anymore.
What's what, this is, what's interesting to me about what we are talking about.
I see my mother sitting and watching and taking this stuff in, which I think I'm certain is a bunch of craziness, conspiracies and, and nonsense.
You know, if you go, if you dig deep enough in the QAnon world, there's lizard people and all the whole thing.
It's a lot of craziness going on there.
And I think about it again, didn't have that inoculation.
What is the inoculation?
What is it?
And I'm, what are, what are you getting from that?
What are you getting from that, from that adrenaline rush and that, and that, and that thing from, with the, with the lizard people and the special underground pedophiles and this world and uncovering the truth and the secrets and all that.
What are you getting from that?
You're getting a community.
You're getting a community and that community is responsive.
It's active.
If you talk to it, it's going to talk back to you.
It's going to give you a sense of belonging.
And you all of a sudden have a purpose that now you're a holy warrior getting to the bottom of this crazy liberal pedophile ring.
And you've got a group of people behind you and you're all taking steps and there's a master plan and somebody, and there's somebody looking over you.
This is a group.
It's a group.
And you feel the embrace of that group.
And my thing that I have to ask myself is, my mom's doing that.
If she found that community appealing because the community that we have wasn't as strong, as active, as there for her, as this community is.
Are you going to get your embrace, your fix, your people somewhere?
Yeah.
And so I think oftentimes, you know, you can, if you want to argue with somebody about whatever nonsense that come up this way, you can, good luck to you.
Good luck.
You want to, you want to send them an article from the New York Times?
Yeah, fine.
You go ahead and do that and see if that changes anything.
But maybe, I can talk about this.
I don't have any answers.
But maybe the real target is that community.
The approach is, here is a community that gives you that stuff, that love, that connection, that stuff that you need.
Every good cult leader knows to make sure that when someone walks into their organization, they're going to get embraced.
They're going to get loved.
But the people are going to feel appreciated that you're walking into that organization just like Norm from Cheers.
Norm!
That's what people want.
That's what people are trying to get.
You see that with the Heaven's Gate people.
Even when they're doing some of the most horrific things to themselves, self-mutilation, they get that embrace.
They get that love.
The belief system is not the core.
The love is.
So maybe we should be focusing on how do we give someone, can you give somebody some love without giving somebody some crazy?
That's wonderful.
And I think you talk about, I mean, we all talk about in cults, one of the core parts of it is a spiritual war, right?
And you're on the good side, whether that be in the New Age.
You know, you're the one who's vibrating on the right frequency of love or in, you know, in a more fundamentalist cult that you're, you know, prepared for the second coming of Christ.
And no matter how sort of tainted those stories are with fear, when you leave a belief system, and this was an experience that I share and I know I've heard you talk about, is how do you deal with the void left from having a life that had this kind of dramatic magic, for lack of a better word, and you were a chosen one and you knew the truth?
There's a void there when you leave.
And I'm just curious, like, what, talk to me about that void, because I need to hear it.
Yeah, very much that I grew up thinking I was special and then realized, not really.
And that was really, really difficult in my understanding my own worldview, my own sense of self.
And I guess I come back to that same thing again, is I was very, very fortunate to have a strong community that was apart from that, people who were actually actively trying to get me to open my eyes in a different way.
Right when I was coming out, I moved to Japan.
I got a fellowship, and it was part of my own trying to clear my head so I go to a country that I don't speak a word of the language.
And that experience ended up being really formative for me.
And really, you know, Japan was great.
Everything was cool.
I learned a lot.
It was really, really wonderful.
But when I think about what I took most from it was that community that I built.
That was 30 years ago.
I talked to five of the people from that trip yesterday.
That those people, that community is what said, look, maybe you're not the most special chosen person in the universe, but you're special to us.
And we care about you in this way.
And that was enough for me to kind of bridge that gap.
And the truth of the matter is, is, yeah, I get it intellectually that I might not be specially chosen by the Lord of the Universe as one of his special calling ones.
I get it intellectually.
But one of the things I took away, maybe even the good things I took away, is the sense of being special.
I'm special.
That doesn't mean that you're not special, but I think I am.
I think that everybody, like that sense of like, that sense of being chosen doesn't go away just because you don't believe the trappings of where the thing came from in the first place.
So I don't know.
I know this.
When I first left, I thought the sky is going to fall, that the hellfire is going to come up, that the devil's around the corner.
And if I'm wrong, this is a big one.
If I'm, if I'm, if I might, did I miss something?
Did I die now?
Do I need to read the book a different way, upside down, something like that?
And what's, what's, I think I'm right here, but all my life has been spent in this organization under these belief systems.
What if I am wrong?
Obviously that got easier over time.
And I, and I, I knew it again.
I think we're focusing oftentimes on the wrong thing.
The intellectual understanding of a fact or a truth or a relief or something like that.
It's just not where people are.
You can intellectualize with this all the time.
It's how you feel about it.
And I, and I, I've, I started to pay more attention to how I feel about things.
I, I'll say this.
One of the, the cores of Snap Judgment, the storytelling show that we started almost a decade ago now, was that I would never call myself a journalist.
And it was very, very deliberate.
Very, very deliberate.
Because the reason why I don't want to be a journalist is because I want people to tell their story as they experienced it.
And I want that story to have a life of its own outside of whatever the facts and circumstances might be of that story.
If someone tells me that they have a specter living in the basement that can assume the form of their dead mother.
Now they tell me that, and they believe that as a journalist, I don't have the tools to relate this thing properly, but I'll tell you what, it's going to be super important to that person.
They will never move from that house.
They will construct their lives around this narrative that's important to them.
And it might, again, a journalist can't do anything with that.
The story, even though you can't prove it and put it in a box and can't taste it and can't throw it and doesn't bounce, that story has incredible importance.
It shapes lives.
It determines who you marry, where you live, where you go, how many kids you have.
It determines everything about what that person is about.
Whatever the story is, as long as they believe it and they see it as central in their lives.
So I want to be sure that, again, I want to be a journalist.
I want to delve and plumb the stories that people tell themselves that change everything about how they see the world and how they live their lives.
And the same thing here.
These stories, it's not about somebody is sitting on a high, objective aspect of what they see as reality.
It's about what somebody is experiencing in their hearts.
It's just the gulf between what you can say is objectively true and what someone is experiencing is vast.
Vast!
And I think that more time spent on that, on what they're going through as opposed to what you might think is happening, can get us further than we imagine.
Because emotion is always going to be a harder, like a driver more so than logic.
I mean, logic, logic's boring.
And emotion is exciting.
And logic's hard.
And emotion is easy.
It comes to us.
And I think that relates to narrative in a way.
Because you spoke about, on the Heaven's Gate podcast, about your spirituality being kind of about the narrative.
And in a way, when I was listening to that, I was thinking about sort of, you know, the myths of all time.
I mean, everything has been a kind of cult.
Because there are so many structures, so many stories that are being told that you can enter.
And you can, as you said, you're given this whole structure to understand this, what we call the unknowable universe, right?
It's so terrifying if you can't hold on to a story.
So how do you think narrative plays into cults?
And then how do you think narrative can help the world?
You know, when I first left the cult I grew up in, I thought, I felt tricked.
I felt stupid.
I felt like I had wasted my youth in someone else's crazy story.
And I'm sure all those things are true to some extent.
But I also think that I, you know, I studied at the feet of all these charlatans and crazy people.
And that was an education of the type.
I learned the importance of the story.
We were bound.
The reason why we showed up every week was because of a story.
The reason why we gave up to 30% of our income to these people was because of a story.
The reason why we, you know, we traveled and did all these things in this community was because of a story.
This story, again, was so powerful.
It shaped every single aspect of our lives.
And I thought later on when I was coming out of it, oh, no.
Oh, no.
The only thing I know how to do is tell stories.
That's my real education.
It's like I've been in a graduate seminar for how to be a cult leader.
That's a good way to put it.
But I don't want to be a cult leader.
I want to use those tools in a different way.
And I think the way that the magic of story is that it's the closest thing that we have to getting in someone else's head.
The closest thing we have to a telepathy.
And in a world where I think the biggest missing ingredient from us advancing as a people, the biggest missing ingredient is empathy.
And empathy comes from, again, understanding where someone else is.
And the only way to do that is through narrative.
You don't do it through these other means of transmitting information.
And so I think maybe I'm hoping, it's my desire, it's at least my professional life wish, that I can take those tools of story that I learned from growing up in a cult and use them to impart empathy so that we can see, we can maybe get in people's heads and experience the world through someone else's eyes a little bit better because of that.
What do you think the potential is if we're able to do that?
I know that's a hard question because it's predicting the future.
But if you found empathy to get through to people in your own life?
I'll say this.
I remember a few years back.
I guess it was, jeez, like maybe only seven years ago or so when the, I forget the number of the proposition, but it was to legalize gay marriage.
I was on the ballot here in California and then went to the Supreme Court.
There were a lot of people who had a lot of thoughts on that.
And we did a story.
Again, you have these debates.
You don't watch Crossfire.
No one ever changes their minds.
It's just people barking at each other.
But we did a story, and it was from the perspective of a kid who had two mothers who were, for all intents and purposes, married.
And he just told a story about being in the back seat when his mothers were driving somewhere and how he felt and talked about his family.
He was just telling a story about his family and about who he was.
And it wasn't about you should support gay marriage or you shouldn't support gay marriage.
He just was talking about his family.
And the reaction to that story was just, it was one of our first sort of viral stories.
People who were like, who were against something all of a sudden said, well, you know what?
Maybe I should rethink this.
Maybe I should rethink this.
I saw it happen.
And when you, because the thing of it is, is that when someone, when you get into a discussion or argument, people put their intellectual guard up.
But when you just, when you tell a story, this happened to me, that guard doesn't go up the same way.
And it allows you to get a different perspective.
And I think I know from what I've heard and from the many, many, many emails and phone calls I got, that story changed people's living room discussion.
It changed their perspectives.
It changed the way they spoke about this thing.
It lessened the opposition that people might've had to two people who, sexuality, someone didn't understand.
They, you know, you're hearing from the kid talk about his mom and his moms.
And it was just hard to argue with that.
It was hard to argue with the, with the love and the joy and the reality of his situation.
And so do I think that story can change the world?
I don't know, but I don't know what else could.
Thank you so much, Glenn.
This has been really meaningful to me personally as well.
And I just, I know that our listeners are going to love this episode.
And I just so appreciate you taking the time to share some of your story and some of your thoughts.
Thank you so much for having me.
I really do appreciate it.
This was American Hysteria.
Please make sure you check out all of Glenn's shows, Snap Judgment, Spooked, and definitely Heaven's Gate.
Next time on the show, we'll be covering, that's right, baby, trash talk shows.
And it's going to be a wonderfully trashy time.
That's coming at the start of the new year.
This episode has Sound by Clearcomo Studios, and it was produced by Miranda Zickler.
Make sure you check out her new cover of Blue Christmas that's out now on Spotify with her band Ladies.
And you can hear more about them by going to listentoladies.com.
Thanks, as always, for listening.
And I hope you can find a little bit of sweet and healthy joy over the holidays, whatever that means for you.
Have a great few weeks.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
