A reading, as it were, from the book of Going Forth by Day.
You know that one?
And this is from the sequence where Chichirin is sort of condemned off to the easternmost
rishas of the Soviet Union, and he and a guy named Blabajian are fighting over how to make
the locals accept a new Soviet-approved alphabet.
Using a non-Arabic alphabet is felt to be a sin against God.
Most of the Turkic peoples are, after all, Islamic, and Arabic script is the script of Islam.
It is the script in which the word of Allah came down on the night of power, the script
of the Koran of the what?
Does Chichirin know what he's doing with this forgery of his?
It's more than blasphemy.
It is an invitation to holy war.
Blabajian, accordingly, is pursued through the back end of Baku by a passel of screaming
Arabists waving scimitars and grinning horribly.
The oil tower stands sentinel, bone empty, in the dark.
Hunchbacks, lepers, heba phrenics, and amputees of all descriptions have come popping out of
their secret spaces to watch the fun.
They lull back against the rusting metal flanks of refinery hardware, their whole common sky
in a tessellation of primary colors.
They occupy the chambers and bins and pockets of administrative emptiness left after the revolution,
when the emissaries from Dutch Shell were asked to leave, and the English and Swedish engineers
all went home.
It is a period now in Baku of lull, of retrenchment.
All the oil money taken out of these fields by the Nobels has gone into Nobel Prizes.
New wells are going down elsewhere, between the Volga and the Urals.
Time for retrospection here, for refining the recent history that's being pumped up, fetid,
and black from other strata of Earth's mind.
In here, Blabajian, quickly.
Close behind, Arabists are ululating, shrill, merciless, among the red-orange stars over the
crowds of Derricks.
Slam.
The last hatch is dogged.
Wait, what is this?
Come.
Time for your journey now.
But I don't want...
You don't want to be another slaughtered infidel.
Too late, Blabajian.
Here we go.
The first thing he learns is how to vary his index of refraction.
He can choose anything between transparent and opaque.
After the thrill of experimenting is worn off, he settles on a pale, banded onyx effect.
It suits you, murmur his guides.
Now hurry.
No, I want to pay Chichirin what he's got coming.
Too late.
You're no part of what he's got coming.
Not anymore.
But he's a blasphemer.
Islam has its own machineries for that.
Angels and sanctions and careful interrogating.
Leave him.
He has a different way to go.
How alphabetic is the nature of molecules?
One grows aware of it down here.
One finds committees on molecular structure, which are very similar to those back at the
NTA plenary session.
See?
See?
How they're taken out from the coarse flow.
Shaped.
Cleaned.
Rectified.
Just as you once redeemed your letters from the lawless, the mortal streaming of human
speech.
These are our letters.
Our words.
They too can be modulated, broken, recoupled, redefined, co-polymerized one to the other
in worldwide chains that will surface now and then over long molecular silences like the
scene parts of a tapestry.
Blobadzin comes to see that the new Turkic alphabet is only one version of a process really
much older and less unaware of itself than he has ever had cause to dream.
By and by, the frantic competition between G and G has faded away to trivial childhood
memories, dim anecdotes.
He has gone beyond.
Once a sour bureaucrat with an upper lip as clearly demarcated as a chimpanzee's, now he
is an adventurer well off on a passage of his own by underground current without any anxiety
over where it may be taking him.
He has even lost an indefinite distance upstream.
His pride in feeling once a little sorry for Václav Chichirin, destined never to see
the things Blobadzin is seeing.
Well, hopefully I can wrap that all up into the entire history of God and everything I've
been promising to do with these episodes.
And I think I can, by God.
I think I can.
Um, I'm hoping you will bear with me a bit, uh, in that I have mentioned on the show before
that I have a pretty crippling obsessive compulsive disorder.
And there are certain shows, certain topics that I have had circulating in my brain for often
more than a decade.
And I haven't done them not because I don't know what to do with them, but because I am
so compulsively afraid of the idea that I won't get them right and that people won't understand
that I'm put off doing them altogether.
Well, this, this is one of those.
I have been thinking about this for, uh, 10 years, at least, uh, probably the earliest
public version of this was, uh, a monologue I was obliged to provide over hours and hours
when an ex-girlfriend of mine and me had to drive from Portsmouth, New Hampshire to the
very Northern tip of Maine.
And because I don't know how to drive, my role was to try to keep her awake by endlessly
talking.
So there's something of that in there.
And I, uh, apologize, apologize if I seem a bit more frantic and nervous than normal,
because I'm really trying to get this right.
And I think now, as I thought then, that the way to talk about the history of God or gods,
the way to talk about what gods were when there were gods is the way to talk about, uh,
the history of languages and particularly written languages, because they are precisely homologous.
And it is no accident that we lose any sense of gods in our world at a very particular point
in the development of written languages.
And as for all that stuff about oil and polymers and molecular chains, you'll see how all that
comes back around here.
We'll get to that.
It may take a while, but it's definitely in there.
So writing as far back as writing goes.
Now, obviously I'm going to be generalizing here.
I mean, I'm talking about God.
How could I not generalize?
But this is a pattern which follows in the vast majority of the research that I have ever done
and which seems, if not universal, then at least reliable to me.
How do you start writing?
How does human script begin?
With pictography.
With some sort of etched, cut, chalked, inked, whatever image of the thing it is that you
are trying to put into someone else's mind, right?
You are trying to leave a documentary mark that tells someone else, not merely, you know,
bison, fire, skeleton, whatever, but that also tells somebody another human being at some point
in history felt it important to put this down, right?
It's not just the marking itself.
It is the fact of the marking having been considered necessary.
And so we go all the way back, all the way back, tens, arguably even hundreds of thousands
of years, depending on your definition of pictography.
And this is what we see.
The famous cave paintings, Lascaux and Chauvet and Trois Frères, places like that.
There have been these absurd sort of pseudo explanations of cave paintings that they were like
fucking like neolithic PowerPoint presentations that here's what we're all going to do.
The animal's over there and you do this and I'm going to throw that.
Which is preposterous on any number of levels, not least so because the paintings in these caves
went undiscovered so long because they were intentionally and precisely in cloistered places.
They were places you had to work your way into, often very small places, often very treacherous
passageways.
They were clearly meant not to be presented to a group of people, but to constitute the,
I would say, the glyphic biology of a sort of module of communion with, of interlacing with
what we would now call the divine.
I think the word divine is a pretty terrible historical anachronism because it calls so
much to mind now.
And part of the whole point here is that that artificial division between the divine and
the merely earthly or in certain senses between the sacred and the profane, although in other
senses that makes total sense, I think is just a, is deeply wrongheaded and has gotten in the
way of people understanding this basically since people have been trying to understand it.
So you have your pictographs and over time, one way or another, these pictographic drawings,
you know, still halfway between drawing and writing, they do two things.
One of them is that they get associated in one degree or another with a sound, right?
They, either the sound predated them or they helped create and unify the sound.
And when we talk about mythology and religion in general, one of the less touched upon points
that I think is very important is that it is often the document which makes the mythology or
religion cohere, not the other way around. Any of you who have done some reading into the
Homeric epics, you will know that there were as many versions of all the basic Greek myths
in ancient Greece as there were little towns and probably many, many more than that within
little towns. There was no universally agreed upon, universally recognized body of myth.
You couldn't get people to agree on fucking anything. And the Homeric books were written not as a
definition and compendium of something that was already there. They were written as a kind of,
anthology providing the connective tissue to add together, let's just say, Homer's because we don't know
who, what, if, he, she was. But to provide the sinew for collecting all of the best, quote unquote,
versions of these myths into a semi-coherent body of myth and into even along with myth, arguably even
more, a semi-coherent body of the presumptions that one makes of the idea of society. That you see this
over and over and over, especially in the Odyssey. The Odyssey, among other things, is a book about trying
to teach people what it means to have a civilization. Rules that now seem, you know, pretty, pretty basic,
but were not at the time. Like, for example, if a stranger shows up and he's not immediately trying
to do something bad like kill or rob you, give him some fucking food. Ask him to sit down. Ask him to tell
his story. We need to be able to move throughout this land of ours without the working presumption
that if we set foot on the wrong fucking square foot of earth, we're going to have our heads cut
off. This is not something that necessarily predates the Homeric era. This is something driven home by the
Homeric era. And I can get way deep into Homer and we'll probably do that on another show. But for now,
the narrow point I am making is that the sign, the writing, the pictograph may or may not precede the
sound, the common sense, the ability to use these sorts of things verbally as well as visually, right?
So we have pictography acquiring or adhering to some kind of sonic value, right? The other thing we have
is pictography getting more and more schematic and abstract, going from as accurate a picture of
something as one was able to create within the given constraints of a place and time, right? To being used over and
over and over and over by lots of people and lots of different parts of the same place until the sign is
boiled down to its kind of, its schematic essence. It's no longer a literal picture of anything, right? It began that way,
but now it has sort of sloughed its adumbrations and ornaments and it has become semi-pictographic
and semi, you could call it alphabetic, although that would be a bit of an anachronism,
but the thing gets worn down to the most essential graphic components of the sign, right?
Okay, we've got all that. We have an ability to communicate in writing that way. The problem
though, how do we communicate in writing things that we can't draw pictures of? Because pictures
are basically nouns, verbs, and if you're lucky, maybe a couple adjectives. The idea of communicating
something something non-concrete, something like a process, something that changes over time,
something like an understanding or an accord between different peoples, or the reaction of different peoples to
different things, none of these fit cleanly into just a picture of something, right? And this historically is when we move
from the pictograph to broadly speaking, what's called in technical terms, the logograph.
And the logograph literally means picture of a word or picture of an idea. Egyptian hieroglyphs
are logographs. I personally continue to use the word glyph or hieroglyph because I prefer it.
Um, some of the ancient Chinese ideograms are, are logographic in the way they work. And when I talk
about the way they work, what I mean is these, these new signs for things that are more difficult,
more subtle to communicate than just a picture of something, they are not an arbitrary class
of meaningless symbols that is simply installed one day. There is no fucking operating system update
by which everyone in a given culture, uh, simply agrees to understand that a particular meaningless
shape connotes sadness, whatever. No, the key thing, the key part of all of this, the development of
language, the development of human thought, the development of, of God, because I do seriously believe
that language and music are symbiotic organisms that evolve within us with our help and that God has
evolved over that time too. No, the way you get from a fairly literal picture of something to a sign
for something that can't be literally depicted is by agglomerating pictographic signs until you have put
together enough specific things that altogether, they have a metaphorical meaning that is larger than
the sum of the parts. Uh, Ezra Pound liked to bring up the, uh, the Chinese ideogram for evening.
That was, if I recall correctly, it was a combination of the signs for, um, sun, tree, and west. Meaning
evening is when you see the sun low through the trees in the west. That's not morning. It can only be
one time. The, uh, the Egyptian hieroglyph for, uh, either a God or that which is sacred, um, is, uh,
heper or heperu, which contains the pictograph of a scarab beetle. Because in some versions of, uh,
ancient Egyptian cosmology, the kind of founding event of the universe was that there had been
for all of time and space, this gigantic earth mound that was, uh, fertile with everything that
ever was or ever could be, but had no reason to sort of open up and spread all of that. And again,
in some versions of this religion, uh, that earth mound is identified with the God, Ptah.
And then scarab beetles started bursting forth from this mound. And the scarab was a, a, a deeply
metaphorically significant, uh, figure within ancient Egypt, because first of all, scarabs were everywhere.
Uh, second of all, they, they are able to eke out a subsistence from the, the wastes of the world.
Everything that we throw away, everything that we don't want to look at, everything that is abject
to us, that is how the scarab survives. I mean, the scarab is, is in most English speaking countries,
it's called a dung beetle. It's the same thing. And because scarab beetles, dung beetles, and I swear
this is true, navigate by moonlight. They know where they are. They know where they're going.
They know what they're trying to do. And if it's working because they know how to read the positions
of the moon at night. So there is this profound connection from, as Pinchon talks about numerous
times in terms of, uh, petroleum by-products and hydrocarbon chains from the wastes of the world,
the very lowest, most, uh, excremental substances the world produces to this trans-terrestrial
cosmological connection to the sun, the moon, the stars. And that is where everything starts.
All the early pictographs are the facts of sense most available to a human being in a given place
at a given time. So sun, moon, star, day, night, uh, important animals, man, woman, human in general,
it, uh, fucking tree, river, whatever is right pressed against the, the very, uh, foremost membrane
of human consciousness. And it is by adding these things together, not by abstraction, but by
combination. And this is what I mean about alchemy. This is what I mean about magic. This is what I am
always fucking talking about when I talk about language as genuine transfiguration and incarnation.
It is adding these things together that gives birth to a sort of radiation or an electromagnetic field
in which different simple elements combine into something, uh, very, very complex, but still not
abstract, still, still concrete and sensory because we can sit here, you know, 5,000 years later and talk
about the relationship between the dung beetle and the sense of sacredness in ancient Egypt. But the
abstraction that we add to it, it's saying, Oh yeah, the dung beetle is also part of the sign for
divinity because blah, blah, blah. No, that's not how these people thought. These people didn't think,
okay, I need a sign for something abstract, better add shit together until, until, you know, it makes
sense to someone. No, there was no, there was no field between the, the specific sensory, the specific
concrete, concrete, pictographic on the one end. And then the larger alchemized linguistic chemistry
of a bunch of pictographs gathered together for what you might call their mutual chemical affinities.
The, you know, the electron states of their valence shells, they didn't add up to an abstraction
because there was no abstraction. They added up to metaphor and metaphor is the nature and basis of human
meaning in general. Once you get past that very first step of simply drawing pictures of things to try to tell
people what they are, you are into metaphor. And every word we use, every sign we write all over the world is
something so steeped in metaphor that we have forgotten that it is metaphorical. We have lost
that relationship because it has, it has been routinized as Max Weber would say. It has been, uh,
made alien by its very familiarity. And we can talk about abstractions, bullshit. That's not how it was
then. That's not even really how it is now. Um, what you have is a gathering of sensory particulars
until added together, they hit that alchemical index I'm always talking about. And the way I think of it
in, in linguistic terms, um, is, is something Ian Sinclair wrote and arguably his best book,
uh, Suicide Bridge, uh, Suicide Bridge, in which he talks about, uh, mankind and human language in particular
as being the spinal saline medium for a precisely transacted exchange between the star and the earth.
Man doesn't do anything. This is not a question of, of, of Cartesian ego or, or, you know, platonic
selfhood or, or the abstract concept of me exerting my will upon anything. No, this, this is something
that happens through me. My backbone, your backbone, both of our nervous systems are the, the medium
through which the star and the earth communicate. And we come up with these glyphs, these logographs,
these ideograms as, uh, not a side effect, but a necessary effect among others of that precisely
computed exchange Sinclair talks about. And I, I'm hammering on this point for a couple of reasons.
And one of them is that, uh, the entire modernist movement in art and the entire enormous influence
it still exerts upon not just modern art, but everything we think now is rooted in this exact
realization that there is really no such thing as an abstraction. There is only a constellation of
particulars that comes to achieve its own sort of, uh, alchemical index, as I say, uh, its own chemical
change. And if you've ever tried to read anything about Ezra Pound or modernism in, in a large vague
sense, you will have heard the term ideogramic method and probably have given up on trying to
understand what it is because most explanations of it are very, very bad, but it is nothing more and
nothing less than what I'm talking about. It wasn't Pound's invention alone. Certainly other people
were pushing toward the same thing at the same time, but it was Pound's, uh, it was Pound's idea to
sort of formalize. And this concept of the ideogramic method he got from, uh, as I said, a little while
ago, looking at the way abstract concepts are, uh, are recorded in the, the oldest of the Chinese
ideograms and seeing that they are clusters of particulars. And this meant two extremely important
things to Pound. Number one, that you don't ever have to use an abstraction because if you have the
right particulars, the right pictographs, as it were, you can always arrange them into a hieroglyph
and the hieroglyph will be so much more impactful, so much profounder, so much more unexpected than
merely using some rote predictable, uh, abstraction that it will have an entirely different effect.
If, you know, you can take some awful fucking blowhard poet, uh, of the previous era like Tinnison
and go through his work and just see how, how frequently he attributes some massive abstract
feeling or importance to something, right? That was a, a, a huge fucking hallmark of Victorian era
English language poetry. And then you go forward, uh, and as Pound, I'm sure would insist, not just
forward, but backward. You go forward to people like Pound, Joyce, Elliot, and you go backward
to the roots, not just of human language, but of human cognition in general. And instead of simply,
uh, saying, uh, saying, this is important, this is brave, this is valorous, this is glorious. No, you
give the cluster of particulars that will not just put across the idea of, let's say, bravery, but will
put flesh on the abstract skeleton of bravery in a way that merely using, uh, the single abstract noun
could never do. It, it was the, the central, I would say, idea of modernism in general that, uh,
there was no linear, uh, movement of progress from the ancient or classical world into the world we
live in now, lived in then. We have not gotten better at anything. Nothing has been solved. Uh, we just do
things differently. And in fact, this older method, this alchemical method of the hieroglyph,
of the concretes gathered together into a constellation. Pound liked to, uh, compare it to,
uh, cymatics, which is the, the science of how physical matter is affected by sound. And it is
incredible, if you ever want to look up, uh, videos of this stuff to see the kind of natural forms
that emerge when something like, say, a plate covered in iron filings, uh, is subjected to a
certain acoustic frequency. It will form incredibly ornate shapes. It will rearrange itself from, you
know, a cluster of matter into a hieroglyph. And Pound liked to talk about that, uh, the idea of the
iron filings turning into a rose because they're introduced to the influence of a magnet. That's where
modernism, I think, at its deepest roots comes from. That is how modernism changed things, I think, in the
profoundest way, aside from the, the obvious, you know, cases of literal direct one-for-one influence,
like, oh yeah, Stravinsky wrote The Rite of Spring, and now you can do that. Or Elliot publishes The
Wasteland, now you can do that. Yeah, obviously those are, are hugely important, but I think the, the core
understanding of modernism is this, the move away from the falsely abstract and back to the knowledge
that at root, there is nothing but metaphor, and that every metaphor is a constellation of the most
primal, physical, pictographic facts that exist. And it is very interesting to me to note that, um,
in terms of the relationship, or rather I should say, in terms of the status of something like language as
a living organism. And I'm not saying that in any sort of figurative way. I fully believe that.
There's a comparison to be made here, uh, because I'm sure some of you will know that
one of the big sort of, you know, scientific, especially evolutionary points of, uh, contention
over the last couple centuries has been, how do we go from sort of all this stuff floating around
to the eukaryotic cell, the cell that is the, the building block of, uh, the majority of life
that we know of? How do we go from all this stuff to this perfect combination with which anything can
be created? And, um, there are some scientists, and I apologize to this woman for not remembering her
name, but, uh, she is sort of the, to my knowledge, the, the leading writer in this field, uh, who has
advocated for something called endosymbiosis. And the endosymbiotic theory is that all of the major
components of, of the, uh, eukaryotic cell, the nucleus, the, you know, Golgi apparatus, the,
the mitochondria, the ribosome, all of that were all at one point independent organisms that these
things, which are now organelles, uh, were for who knows how long, uh, acting as independent
organisms and they could only maintain their own reproduction. You know, they could only keep
creating themselves once they were absorbed into the cellular framework along with all the other
parts to create, you know, eukaryosis. And that is exactly how language works. That is exactly how
language has always worked. The, the alchemical index, the, the, the hieroglyphic chemistry or
hieroglyphic magnetism or radiation, that is, that's everything. That's it right there.
And in modernism, this idea is taken beyond merely trying to come up with a better sort of
constellation of particulars, uh, to get across an abstraction further from that. No. And now,
and it's something you can see, I think Elliot is a prime example. What if instead of trying to,
uh, to create this hieroglyph of pictographic specifics to get across a, a known,
idea, something people are familiar with, something people have felt before, what if instead we
arrange these pictographic elements into a hieroglyphic field of radiation that creates
something no one has seen, creates something no one has felt. What if instead of going into things,
trying to produce an effect, you are taking individual components because something about
them feels interesting or vital or necessary to you. And you combine them, you know, like the iron
filings under the influence of the magnet. And when they are combined, they produce something
whole, something total for which there is no word, for which there is no abstraction.
There is no intellectual concept. And that is of the essence of basically all good art since the
early modernist period. And I've used the term logic of metaphor in, uh, in these, these previous
shows, because, um, that is a phrase that Hart Crane liked to use to describe what he was doing as a poet.
And Hart Crane is someone who, though he was on a formal level, a lot less explicitly adventurous than
someone like Elliot or Pound. It's not nearly as, you know, jagged or fragmentary or, or, uh, superficially
experimental. Still, he wrote in a way that did not add up to anything that anyone had seen before.
And in being asked about this while he was alive, he would invoke this term, the logic of metaphor.
And then Crane killed himself, as some of you may know. And there are, you know, critical studies
lamenting that, oh, isn't it terrible? Hart Crane never got to explain what he meant by the logic of
metaphor, which is completely wrong. Hart Crane showed you what he meant in every fucking poem he ever wrote.
In talking about the logic of metaphor, what he is saying is that this, this poem, this poem is not a
paraphrase of some idea. This poem is not a nice, pretty way to say something I could say, uh, more
briefly and precisely by other means. Cause that's what a lot of people fucking think poetry is. That's
what a lot of people think art is a pretty unnecessary form of ornamentation to say something that,
you know, the guy could just tell you in five words, but he's not going to. Crane's point was
everything I do, every line, every, you know, he, he is one of the greatest, uh, of all time at,
you know, sort of rubbing two unlikely words together and getting a spark. One of the greatest at,
you know, the, these line by line acts of metaphorical alchemy. It is not supposed to add
up to something I could have told you some other way. It is pursuing the internal logic of metaphor
to add up to something that doesn't have a name yet or for which the name is this poem.
You could say, and I think in, uh, justly someone like Hart Crane, uh, the, the contents of his poems
and the titles of his poems and the words in his poems are all the same thing. He, he is using a lot
of words to create a new hieroglyphic name for something that doesn't have a name yet. And I say all
this, not simply to give you, you know, what I hope is a good background in, uh, the, the evolution
of, of languages and especially written languages, but because this is the first time where I am going
to say everything I'm talking about here, particularly the, the logographic, the hieroglyphic,
the ideogramic phase of understanding. This is what God used to be. This is what God has meant
on one level or another to most people for most of human history. And it is only recently that we have
become so fucking diseased as to identify God with a, a series of abstract concepts or a series of
attributed acts that are meant to prove his supremacy. No, the same way language comes back
to immediate sensory realities that are then constellated into a hieroglyphic metaphor.
God, as long as there's been God, except just till now has been an imminent power working in the
world. And when I say that, I do not mean a God who makes decisions about human fate and rewards some
people and punishes others. No, not at all. A God for the Egyptians, for the Greeks, for, I mean,
essentially any, any culture you care to name before the, the advent of, you know, certain sort of,
Christianity preceding forms of quasi monotheistic dualism, like say, you know, Manichianism or,
or I don't know enough about Zoroastrianism really to make that claim. But for the vast majority of human
history, what God has meant is a way to name and talk about a, a cycle you see in nature, a power you
see in nature, a form of energy that repeats and repeats and repeats. And every repetition may be a
little bit different. It may never happen quite the same way twice because nothing ever does, but you
understand that there is this, this power, this, I would call it, you know, I could go on about this,
but I would call it a form of cognition. You are recognizing this cognitive patterning within the
world, not just as it refers to you, but also as it refers to itself. And to this, you give the name of
God in, uh, in, uh, in, in electrical terms, it is a circuit. You're seeing a circuit in the world,
in the cosmos, you are seeing something that takes inputs from elsewhere and transforms and edits them
in some semi-repeatable kind of way. And then has, uh, you know, a semi-predictable output within a given
range of outputs. That's what God used to mean. That's what God's used to be. And the, the just
horrifying condescension of monotheistic Abrahamic religion and Christianity in general toward everything
before it has, has taught us the dumbest possible version of what, uh, what it is we're supposed to
think God is now and also God was then. And it is no accident at all that modernism was the, the art
movement that, uh, to me most closely and most effectively resurrected a primordial idea of God,
a, a pre-monotheist, pre-even polytheist in, in, you know, the dictionary sense of that word,
uh, idea of God because that hieroglyphic method of modernism is precisely the same kind of perception
as the hieroglyphic metaphor one would use to, to name and to describe and to talk about a God
in the old sense of a God. I'm just going to say the real sense of God because fuck it,
that is what it is. And, and you can see, see this, you know, I mean, writ large all over modernism.
I mean, the, the pounds contos are an obvious example. The wasteland is an obvious example in,
in a less, uh, hopeful way. Uh, I think Finnegan's wake has this all through it. If you're willing to
look for it, I think a, uh, a piece of work I'm going to talk about next time, uh, an incredible and
little known epic poem, uh, by a Welsh guy named David Jones called the Anathemata. I think that is
the single best justification for Christianity ever written because it recognizes everything I'm
talking about now. Uh, it's no accident that these are the first people in fucking thousands of years
who make any sort of compelling, I can't even say argument, who provide a compelling presence
of the old gods still here now, because they recognize the old gods, not as part of, you know,
cultural convention, not as part of a body of mythology, but as different names with different
stories all over the world for the same things, the same bioelectric circuitry embedded in nature,
or I suppose you could say the same bio interface between the human and the circuitry and the,
you know, the, the, uh, proto monotheist religion and, and, and mythical figures, a lot of you will be
most familiar with are the Greek ones. And of course that deeply interested all the modernists as well.
And it is crucial, I think, in coming to this understanding of the history of God and the
history of words, tracing the same arc, that the idea that the Greeks, for example, believed in a set
of mythical beings and had special stories about all of them. And every once in a while, I believe those
mythical beings, you know, came to earth or whatever, and did them a favor or hurt them.
That is not just wrong, not just stupid, but really quite insulting and, and really quite an
effective way to, um, damage the human mind's capability to think about anything but the present
moment. Because, you know, using the Greeks, since people will be familiar with them, you can see a,
a perfect set of glyphic constellations. Let's talk about Athena. You probably know Athena.
And if you've read, uh, the Odyssey, you will be familiar with Athena showing up at different points.
Uh, usually when, uh, Telemachus is looking for news of his father or trying to understand a difficult
situation or trying to make a, uh, particularly difficult decision. Now they wrote of a, you know,
quasi-anthropoid being called Athena coming to Telemachus to tell him to do something or say
something because that was the language available at the time. If you think that's what they literally
mean, you're out of your fucking mind. And the way you can see this is by a careful reading of the
mythos of any one of these gods and a careful index, a careful inventory of the things associated
with them, of their familiars, of the, the, uh, the imagery that always comes with them wherever they
go, of the origin stories that come with them. Athena, for example, what do we always see about
her? Always hear about her bright eyes, right? Bright eyed Athena, flashing eyed Athena. Um,
and she's always surrounded by owls and she, uh, she has a particular epithet. Uh, I believe it's
Glaucopis in ancient Greek that is also very specifically used to describe the, uh, the leaves of
olive trees. So owl brightness, eyes, olive trees. What do you have here? Well, the leaves on olive
trees are, uh, sort of fuzzy on one side and then waxy and reflective on the other. And so at different
angles or with the wind blowing, you will see one side of these leaves suddenly flash and then go dull
again. Owls, anybody who has seen an owl from the right angle at night knows the flash of an owl's eyes
into yours is a fucking primordial experience. And then Athena's eyes are always mentioned as bright
and she is particularly, um, a source of intelligence. You might say through, through all the myths and the
Odyssey in particular, she is a source of improvisatory intelligence. All of this goes together.
Everything I just said is a hieroglyph. You will see it described elsewhere. It's just, oh yeah,
here's the goddess of being smart came out of a forehead or whatever. And also some olive trees,
some owls. We don't know what that's about. No, no, no, no, no. All of that adds up to the same thing.
Flash, shine, eye, idea, spark of inspiration. This is what Athena means. When, when the Odyssey was
written, when Homer or someone else of that name, uh, invoked Athena this way, this was the, the glyph,
the metaphor available to him then to talk about the idea of a flash of inspiration. Athena is not a
woman who lives on a fucking mountain and, and has more or less unimportant desultory stories about her.
Athena is the moment of suddenly having a blindingly bright penetrating insight out of nowhere. It is
the moment of being absolutely baffled, you know, struggling with all your normal reasoning, logical
processes, and then suddenly going, holy fuck, I've got it. I've got it. I fucking got it. Athena is the
way that you try to remember a name and can't. And then suddenly five minutes later, you're thinking
about something else and it just appears in your mind and the owl and the olive leaves and her own
eyes and the way she shows up for Telemachus. This is all a way to say the same thing. Being visited by
Athena, being in contact with Athena means having the inexplicable flash of insight where suddenly
something baffling and confusing makes perfect sense to you. That is what is going on in the Odyssey.
That is what is going on in all the ancient, the Homeric books, the pseudo Homeric poems, everything we
have recorded from that era. The presence of, you know, a sort of human-like woman is just a device
to get across the idea that there is this power in nature which sends you those flashes of insight.
But the flashes, the flash of insight itself is Athena and we have been taught this wrong and
backwards for God fucking knows how long. And you can go through absolutely any sort of, uh, classical or
ancient pantheon and do this with every deity if you're careful and you know what you're looking at.
Um, for example, in Greece, Rome, also Egypt, also a number of other earlier places, the, the God of
language, specifically written language, is also often the God of secrets and secrecy and codes
and is also often the God of death or, uh, if not a God of death per se, then what is known in
mythological terms as a psychopomp. That is, um, a God who is responsible for picking up the souls of the
dead and helping lead them to the underworld. And this is true of Thoth. This is true of Anubis. This is true of
Hermes who becomes Mercury. Is all that arbitrary? No, no, no, no, no. Absolutely fucking not. Because every time
you use written language, you are calling back up the entire history of the dead, the people who had
to live and die for the words you use to mean what they mean. The people who lived out the process of that,
you know, fucking a hundred thousand year transition from the literal pictograph to the hieroglyph and
metaphor, you are in contact with that history all of a sudden because language more than anywhere else
is where the dead live. Not just in the sense that we talk about them and that's where they are.
Although of course that is a major sense as well, but it took everyone who has ever been alive to mold
the language you have up to the point at which you employ it. And so it is not simply a matter of
coincidence that all these gods of writing and of codes and of secrecy are also the psychopompoi,
are also the collectors and leaders of dead souls. It is using writing. It is using code.
It is being a messenger in itself, which connects you both backward to all the dead who have come before you
to help make these glyphic crystals, you know, to adumbrate these, you know, fractal crystalline structures
of metaphor. You're reaching back for all of them, right? And you are also reaching forward.
You are being gathered up by the psychopomp to take you to the land of the dead because you will be one of
these dead. You in using your language this way, in writing this way, are also helping to create new
chemical reactions in the history of writing and of words that then will go on long after you've been here
and that will make you part of the host of the dead for whom language and writing in particular are the
psychopomp. There is no definition or rather there is no division between being a god of the dead or a psychopomp
or whatever and being a god of language code writing. They're the same fucking thing. They're all the same
fucking thing. And if you can learn to look at mythology that way, you can learn an incredible
amount at what God used to be back when there was God and at how the evolution of not just language in a
technical scientific sense, but the evolution of what language means and how it can be used.
You can see all of this together. Why are there so many thunder gods who are the top of the pantheon?
Zeus is the obvious one, but I'm going to talk next time, among other things, about the way some of this
stuff has survived sort of incognito within modern Abrahamic and monotheistic religions. And there is
some scholarship anyway of ancient Judaism, which suggests that at the very, very beginning,
Yahweh or Yehoah or whatever was specifically a thunder god who lived on Mount Sinai
and that his worship was then generalized over time and place as the cult was no longer concentrated at
Sinai anymore. So why is it that we have these thunder gods who always stand at the head of the pantheon?
Because thunder is the blast out of nowhere over which you have no control. Thunder is the force to which you have no fucking appeal.
Think of your life without electricity. Think of your life without a lot of man-made fire.
Thunder, more than anything else, is the sudden indomitable explosion of a force that you cannot reckon with,
you cannot negotiate with. It simply appears as it wants to appear. And the fact of the pride of place for Zeus or arguably Yahweh, whatever,
it is not just that thunder cannot be appealed to or lightning cannot be appealed to, it is also that lightning
is literally reaching down from the upper and outermost spheres of our connection to the rest of the cosmos
and fucking striking the earth. None of this is haphazard.
Why is Poseidon generally, or rather I should say, why is the sea god often sort of next in line after the lightning and thunder god?
Well, because the sea god has a similar power over the realm of water, right? But we don't have to engage
with the realm of water as much. And so the top of the pantheon is balanced between the force of just
sudden, inexplicable, unpredictable, terrifying unleashing of power, you know, with what must have seemed like
no direction, no purpose, just power to demonstrate power. That's up top. And then down below,
we have the other primordial force, which requires the entire realm of the water to be manifest, right?
Because we're talking way before molecular theory of gases and all that, right? People aren't thinking
about oxygen or airborne electrical potential in, you know, fucking 700 BC. So Poseidon, Neptune,
whoever, is less powerful just by a little bit in the sense that you have to engage with his medium
before it has the similar sort of absolute power over you. And there is so much mythology rotating
around the sky, thunder, lightning god, overcoming a challenge from the sea and storm god. But as you
will see in the Odyssey, among other places, the Greeks, for one, thought of earthquakes primarily as a
power of the ocean rather than of the land itself. And that made Poseidon endlessly threatening to them
because they conceived of their world, among other ways, as this sort of narrow bandwidth of livable
existence suspended between total roiling chaos down below and total, one might almost say,
mindless in the sense of not having a human mind, totally arbitrary seeming, totally bewildering,
monodirectional or omnidirectional violence and explosion up above. And I could and probably will
on the next episode do this with all sorts of different sets of mythology to try to make the point
over and over that the history of the changing, you might call it the protein structure of language and
especially writing. The quaternary folding of the protein chains of language is exactly the same as the
evolution of the gods. And next time, I'm going to talk to you about how that truth doesn't quite
disappear, but is pulled under, is subsumed under other categories, how it waits and broods and changes
and how I think particularly in the 20th century, it is reappearing and manifesting itself in fucking
horrifying ways. And with that, I'm going to play a different song than usual to lead this out.
And do I have a reason for doing that? Of course I have a fucking reason for doing that.
You don't have to know what it is.
Suddenly you've got the nerve to wander up and crash right through this world again and hang it on your wall.
I'll see you next time.
You don't have to know what it is.
It's all right.
I want to know what it is.
It's all right.
I could lose in touch with anything you wear
But love comes creeping in
And then I comb my hair
And if we stare, we stare, we stare, we stare
We stare, we stare, we stare
We stare until the first one cracks
We can laugh it off
Back in the real world
Those eyes were running
But what if in a cruel world
Maybe we've got something
Between dance and ponch and clocks
This aberration top to top
Slips off the rails
And we're going insane
Wouldn't be the first time that you've looked at us all
But I'm always by your side
Cause I'm by your side
And if we stare, we stare, we stare, we stare, we stare, we stare, we stare, we stare, we stare, we stare, we stare at the edge and smile
We can fight them all
We can fight them all
Back in the real world
Back in the real world
Back in the real world
Those eyes were running
But what if in a cruel world
Maybe we're running
Maybe we've got something
But when we're back into the real world
Those eyes were running
But what if in a cruel world
Maybe we've got something
We're running
At the sheriff's office
developer
But when we're missing
We're onorous
Geographic
And there
We're getting
Mention what I do for your attention
Suddenly you've got the nerve to
Wonder up or crash right through this hell again
But you're already there
Back in the real world
Those eyes were running
What if in a cruel world
Maybe we've got something
When we're back into the real world
Those eyes were running
What if in a cruel world
Maybe we've got something
You're already there
I'm out.
I'm out.
