Check, check, check, check, check, check, check, just recording to see if this shit works or if it is doing that clipping thing, which if it is will be the signal that tonight is the night for me to put a gun in my mouth.
Now, my little brothers and sisters in Christ, it's time for our sermon.
And the scripture for today reads as such.
Let me put on my spectacles here.
We're underneath an oil pipeline, up on trestles, running down leftward to the water now.
Huge bolted flanges overhead, softened by rust and oily dirt.
Far out in the harbor rides an oil tanker, rocking serene as a web of stars.
Zoom, uphill slantwise, toward a rampart of wasted, knotted, fused, and scorched girder work.
Stacks, pipes, ductings, windings, fairings, insulators reconfigured by all the bombing, grease-stained pebblery on the ground rushing by a mile a minute.
Wait, wait, what, say reconfigured now?
There doesn't exactly dawn, but know there breaks, as that light you're afraid will break some night at too deep an hour to explain away.
There floods on Incyon, what seems to him an extraordinary understanding.
This serpentine slag heap he is just about to ride into now, this ex-refinery, Janf-Ehrle-Fabrik-en-Werke-Age, is not a ruin at all.
It is in perfect working order.
Only waiting for the right connections to be set up, to be switched on, modified precisely, deliberately, by bombing that was never hostile, but part of a plan both sides, sides, had always agreed on.
Yes, and now what if we, alright, say we are supposed to be the Kabbalists out here, say that's our real destiny, to be the scholar magicians of the zone, with somewhere in it a text, to be picked to pieces, annotated, explicated, and masturbated, till it's all squeezed limp of its last drop.
Well, we assumed, not to rick, that this holy text had to be the rocket.
Orururumo Orunene, the high, rising, dead, the blazing, the great one.
Orunene is already being modified by the Zon Herero children to Omunene, the eldest brother.
Our Torah.
What else?
Its symmetries, its latencies, the cuteness of it enchanted and seduced us, while the real text persisted somewhere else in its darkness, our darkness.
Even this far from Südwest, we are not to be spared the ancient tragedy of lost messages, a curse that will never leave us.
But, if I'm writing through it, the real text, right now, if this is it, or I passed it today somewhere in the devastation of Hamburg, breathing the ash dust, missing it completely.
If what the Ige built on this site were not at all the final shape of it, but only an arrangement of fetishes, come-ons to call down special tools in the form of 8th Air Force bombers,
yes, the Allied planes, all would have been ultimately Ige built by way of Director Krupp through his English interlocks, the bombing was the exact industrial process of conversion.
Each release of energy placed exactly in space and time, each shockwave plotted in advance to bring precisely tonight's wreck into being, thus decoding the text, thus coding, recoding, re-decoding the holy text.
If it is in working order, what is it meant to do?
The engineers who built it as a refinery never knew there were any further steps to be taken.
Their design was finalized and they could forget it.
It means this war was never political at all.
The politics was all theater, all just to keep the people distracted.
Secretly, it was being dictated instead by the needs of technology, by a conspiracy between human beings and techniques,
by something that needed the energy burst of war, crying,
money be damned, the very life of, insert name of nation, is at stake.
But meaning, most likely, dawn is nearly here.
I need my night's blood.
My funding.
Funding.
Ah, more, more.
The real crises were crises of allocation and priority, not among firms, it was only staged to look that way,
but among the different technologies, plastics, electronics, aircraft, and their needs which are understood only by the ruling elite.
Yes, but technology only responds.
How often this argument has been iterated, dogged, and humorless as a Gaussian reduction,
among the younger Schwarzkommando especially.
All very well to talk about having a monster by the tail,
but do you think we'd have had a rocket if someone, some specific somebody, with a name and a penis,
hadn't wanted to chuck a ton of Amital 300 miles and blow up a block full of civilians?
Go ahead, capitalize the T on technology, deify it if it'll make you feel less responsible,
but it puts you in with the neutered, brother.
In with the eunuchs keeping the harem of our stolen earth for the numb and joyless hard-ons of human sultans,
human elite with no right at all to be where they are.
We have to look for power sources here, and distribution networks we were never taught.
Routes of power our teachers never imagined or were encouraged to avoid.
We have to find meters whose scales are unknown in the world.
Draw our own schematics, getting feedback, making connections, reducing the error,
trying to learn the real function, zeroing in on what incalculable plot.
Up here, on the surface, coal tars, hydrogenation, synthesis were always phony dummy functions
to hide the real, the planetary mission, yes, perhaps centuries in the unrolling.
This ruinous plant, waiting for its Kabbalists and new alchemists to discover the key,
teach the mysteries to others.
Somewhere among the wastes of the world is the key that will bring us back.
Restore us to our earth and to our freedom.
And anybody who's been listening to this show for a while
will probably recognize the very deliberate riff on Heidegger there in that final line.
Restore us to our earth and to our freedom as opposed to the wastes of the world.
That same Heideggerian distinction again.
And you'll note if you look up that passage in Gravity's Rainbow,
world and earth are both capitalized.
They are not being used interchangeably.
The world is the thing that power has made out of the earth.
The world is all the delimitations and artificial frameworks and taxonomical schemes and encrusted
ideology that has been built upon the earth in order largely to convince us that we know what it is,
we know what we're doing.
However it is that power shakes out in any given scenario,
I mean even the phrase power shakes out, it rarely does shake out.
It's really pretty predetermined by a bunch of real knowable factors.
To give us the idea that the power structure such as it is,
is the necessary result of limitations that must be placed upon the wildness of the earth.
Right?
That we cannot afford, we cannot survive unmediated contact with the earth as it is.
And so anyone who can connive to construct a usable heuristic, even if it's fucking evil,
even if it is directly counterproductive, even if it necessitates lying on a heretofore unimaginable scale
every single fucking day.
Even with all that in mind, if it makes a world that can save us from the indeterminacy,
the wildness, the inability to totalize that the earth entails, well then it's good.
It's by definition good.
We need it.
We have to have it.
It doesn't matter if you like it.
You can't survive without it.
And of course this, I don't know if Heidegger would have known this.
I'm not sure how familiar he would have been with someone like Levinas.
But this is essentially the same argument in Totality and Infinity by Levinas.
That there is the world as a totality, let us say.
And a totality is anything that the human mind, via human social structures,
human pedagogical techniques, human frames of reference, has attempted to draw a line around
and say, we understand this completely.
We run this.
We use this.
This is, as Pinchon is always saying, this is no longer a thing in itself.
This has no life of its own.
It is simply a sort of collaboration on the local scale between, quote unquote, natural
resources, because here the earth becomes merely the world of resources the same way that the
infinite becomes merely the use value, the instrumentalized value of its contents.
And we do this, have been told to do it, often even want to do it, because to think of this in terms of the infinite,
to think of anything with the fully self-aware precondition that your thought, human thought in general,
the thought of anything or anyone of whatever species from any time,
can never fully circumscribe whatever it is, can never fully render a totality, is so terrifying
that we would do almost anything as a species to lop off all the rest of the infinite,
to destroy all the rest of the earth in order for us to have our totality or our world,
and that anyone who would seek to counteract this would, by necessity, have to go not just through
the worlds as they are presented and not just through some, you know, immediate contact with
the earth or the infinite, right? Because even that contact is, by definition, delimited to you.
You know, the problem with talking about it at all is that in order to try to talk,
you have to draw some kind of line around. You see what I'm saying?
It's not just that, it's also that, as he says, the wastes of the world, it is in the byproducts,
the tailings, the overburden, the side effects, all the unintended, or in this case,
ostensibly unintended and actually very intended consequences of all this world-making we've done,
that that is where you have to look for the alkahest. That is where you have to find the piaculum.
That is where the philosopher's stone, the alchemical solvent, is going to be. Because in any
totalizing world, that which is excluded, all the slag and runoff, that is where the secret of
earth outside of the world lives. The secret of the infinite outside of the totality, right?
There is a great poem that I actually, I think I'm going to bring up again later and probably read
by Jeremy Prynne, J.H. Prynne, called L'Extase de Monsieur Power. And it dates from roughly the
era of the May 68 uprisings in Paris. And I can explain more in context when I get to it later,
but there is a stanza at the end, and I'm not going to get this word for word, I'm just doing it off the
top of my head. That is something like, rubbish is essential, pertinent, the most complex presence
in our entire culture, the whole sexual point of the place turned into a model question.
It's the garbage that tells you what the nature of the world you've made really is. And that garbage
can mean anything from, you know, the literal Pacific Island, you know, trash patch that's going to be
there for a million years after we're all dead. It can also mean people excluded from social forms.
It can mean languages and cultures that are in the proper sense of the term genocided. And people use
that word wrong all the time. A genocide does not mean killing everyone of a particular ethnic, social,
religious group. That's an extermination. The whole point of defining genocide is that the, I mean,
you can take them at their word here or not. I don't take the U in at its word very often. But the
definition of the term genocide was built to describe the precursor processes to the eradication
of an entire people. Because the point was, if we saw these things happening somewhere again,
we would know, at least in theory, to act, right? Because if you just define genocide as
X killed all of Y, well, it doesn't really do you any good to define it. You know, there's no real
point to doing that. It's over already. And so genocide is not simply mass extermination. Genocide
is the concerted attempt to take people of whatever ethnic, religious, sociolinguistic background,
to move them and concentrate them into run-down, underserved, collapsing parts of every available
city and town, to bar them from equal participation in society with whatever the ruling case is,
to remove their means of economic self-sufficiency, which is a huge one in talking about, for example,
what I will unstintingly call the ongoing genocides of Native Americans and African Americans in this
country because all of this is still happening. The mass killing as such, you know, the actual rifles,
that was a while ago, but all of these things I'm describing are still going on. When you force
a community into a concentrated, delimited area, you remove their ability to participate
in any sort of even quasi-equal fashion. You kick out the struts of any economic self-sufficiency they
once might have had or could possibly have had, and you do everything possible to erase their language,
culture, history, anything about them that doesn't fit into the, you know, predominant historical frame
of reference as decided by the ruling class. That is a genocide. That's the beginning of genocide.
And it's still going on, not just here, not just with Native Americans and black Americans,
all over the fucking world. I mean, any just, you know, toe-deep dip into the subject of how the Roma
people are treated all over Europe, you will see these are genocidal conditions. I mean, it's still a lot
of countries in this world where, you know, going and burning down a quote-unquote gypsy camp is just
considered a completely acceptable sort of, yeah, you know, blown off the steam, you know, and they're
kind of annoying, let's be honest. And, you know, they're always asking you for change and, you know,
playing little accordions or whatever, you know, it's just, it gets on my nerves. And so every once in a
while, I should be allowed to burn down a trailer park. And that is accepted. That is not a socially
marginal viewpoint in Hungary right now, for example, or Romania right now, or increasingly in Western
Europe, as the Roma people are forced to move further and further west by the, you know, the
transfers of economic opportunities such as they are, and the necessity to, you know, get to some
place where you can at least, if not become a legal citizen, if not actually be entitled to full
participation in society, you can at least fly under the radar and do some kind of work that will pay
well enough, even if it's under the table, for you and your family to survive. This shit is all
happening still. I rather doubt that since the beginning of any mass scale human social organization,
it has ever stopped happening. It doesn't seem realistic to me. And you will also notice in that
Pinchon excerpt that I just read, another more glancing reference to Heidegger, that part about,
you know, technology only responding. The technology has no will of its own. The technology is merely
fomented such that it serves the direct need of a ruling class. And he, Pinchon, is sort of
going against Heidegger there. Or rather, he's making the point, I think, is remember that the whole of
gravity's rainbow is happening in the 60s and the 40s at the same time. So I think he is referring to
the increasing unpopularity of that idea among, you know, the left intelligentsia or whatever
in the 60s, especially with Heidegger not having a great track record on things like World War II
and the Nazis. He allegedly, after meeting Hitler once, couldn't stop talking about what beautiful
hands Hitler had, which will creep me out until I fucking die. But I tend to side to some degree
with Heidegger on this question, that technology, which as Pinchon puts it, a conspiracy between human
beings and techniques, right? Well, technology may at first apparently only correspond to some
pre-existing need. Technology may look like all it's doing is taking something you need to do or just
want to do and making it easier, faster, more plausible, more uniform, more cost-effective,
whatever. But I don't think it is correct to say that technology only responds. And this is something
that I think, I mean, in a lot of ways, this is what the 20th century was about. And this is what
the 21st century has continued to be about. You know, that Father John Misty album, Chloe in the
next 20th century, that the last song on that record really fucking scares me. And I don't mean in some
sort of, you know, intellectual, intellectualized, you know, grim, stern way. I mean, it actually scares
me. Because the idea that we are just going to, however many centuries as a species, let alone a
civilization we have left, we're just going to repeat the 20th century because we are so deeply
embedded in that conspiracy between humans and techniques that even extricating oneself from it
would require another set of techniques, which then become their own technology. And I hate to say it,
but that sure is what I fucking see around me. And it has been very clear to me since I was pretty
young, that technology does not merely serve some pre-existing purpose. Because as a musician,
you know, in the early 2000s, from the early 2000s to now, actually the late 90s to now,
I have witnessed such an exponential growth in technologies of music distribution, or actually
to put a finer point on it, of choked music distribution, of selective music non-distribution
that did not correspond to what anyone wanted anywhere, that were perhaps at first constructed
as the desultory answer to some, you know, momentary interest of the purported audience,
but which in fact came completely to reconfigure not only how that field works, but what it is that
people get from it, what it is that people think they want from it. You know, the birth of Spotify
and all its horrific fucking clones, that has not just changed, you know, the way music gets distributed
on an economic or logistical level. It hasn't just changed what it means to be a band or a musician
trying to make a fucking living, although it has changed that massively. It has also rewired the brains
of probably two now generations of music listeners, maybe even three, depending on, you know, how many
kids my generation is having. The experience of listening to music, and beyond that even, the whole notion of what
music is for has been, I would say, basically ruined by the technology involved. The idea that music was,
is actual art, that it's something worth devoting all of your attention to,
and that the experiences you have with it, the imaginative realms it allows you to enter,
the, you know, the alchemical reality, and I mean reality in the most, you know, basic physiological
empirical form of what, to my mind, is the word made flesh. The sound in the air entering your organs of
sense, and setting off neurochemical reactions in your brain, I mean, that is the word made flesh,
literally. It couldn't be any more literal. That entire idea is so foreign to so many people right
now, and not just young, young, young people. People in their 30s, 40s, 50s. The idea that, that, um,
music is, and I mean this, this may sound like broad brushing, or, um, an overgeneralization,
but I think much of the, much of the West, at least, and certainly some parts of, of the world outside the West,
have lost any sense of the idea that music is something to be paid attention to, like, at all.
Music to these people, to most people now, is, um, it's basically a form of palliative care.
It's the, the kind of, you know, ambient pharmaceutical wash you give yourself in certain
moods in order to survive them, or while doing certain tasks in order to try not to think about
how miserable they are, or just as a general and constant background, you know, this fucking
lifestyle wallpaper to, I do, I would say, two equal and, and not, not actually opposite, but, um,
two equal and composite things, which is, number one, to try to make you forget about how horrible
life is, and, and how afraid you are all the fucking time, and how every little thing, every single day,
poses a serious threat, how you are never anywhere but at risk, uh, whether that is a matter of, of class,
gender, race, sexual orientation, whatever, how you're never safe, and you never will be.
You're going to die afraid. We're all going to die afraid. On the one hand, it helps you not think
about that, and on the other hand, it helps you enforce, uh, whatever the culture industry has told
you about what your values and lifestyle and, and general economic worth are. People listen to the
music that makes them feel like they are fulfilling the role that the culture industry at large has told
them they need to fulfill, and, and that's horrifying. That's fucking horrifying, and much the same thing
has happened with a whole lot of, you know, other arts, too, that arguably are losing their grip on any kind of
status as arts. I mean, books now, for all but a very few people, books are not really to be read. Books are to be,
uh, written if you want to get credit for them, and if you want to get a different kind of credit for them,
they are, uh, they are written, not really to be bred, but, but they are written in, in order to become
source material for one of the same 10 tired-ass critical theory, you know, uh, culture-based arguments
about America or whatever that have been circulated infinite times every single day for the last 30 years,
essentially. Music is, is not something you actually listen to. Books are not something you read.
What they are, uh, are, are fuel sources for you to get your takes off, and for so many people,
that is their, not only their primary use, but, um, a means of, if not earning a living in any, uh, in any
stable sense, a means of, of getting whatever money or attention they can that will, in theory,
eventually help them earn some kind of stable living. Same thing with, same thing with fucking
movies. I mean, Hollywood is, is a little bit different, I think, because it's always been so,
just self-evidently rotten at its core. You can't really pretend it was idealistic at some point,
but this, I mean, I know this is not a novel observation, but this superhero shit that,
no, no one cares about the superhero shit. There are like five people in America who are really
into Iron Man lore. That's not the fucking point. The, the point is that these movies are full of
class and culture and political signifiers, and that, uh, there's basically three things you can do
with them. No, I would say four things you can do with them. Uh, number one, you can go and feel
good because the culture is reflecting back at you that you are the sort of person you should be.
You have the right opinions. And so this is a good movie, right? Number two, you can write an essay
about that. And it's, it probably employs more Americans than fucking coal mining at this point.
Uh, number three, you can get angry at the movie for telling you you're the wrong kind of
person and have the wrong opinions. And number four, you can write an essay about that and right
wing politics at, you know, whatever, whatever passes for the fucking grassroots level among those
gargoyles has so much to do with that. Now, you know, people are radicalized and really that's,
that's not the right word because radical literally means of the root from the Latin radix for root.
There are no roots here at all, but they are pseudo radicalized by the, the just absolute milk toast,
bullshit, uh, faux political content of, of mainstream culture in general. And that is what
makes them turn nothing to do with class, nothing to do with history, really nothing to do with the
objective misery of most people's lives in this country and the exponentially greater objective
misery of everybody under a certain income bracket. No, it's that you are seeing the culture reflect
back to you things that you don't like things about yourself that you don't believe or don't want to
believe. I mean, that is, this is all, I think, very definitely a case of technology going beyond the
boundaries of simply for fulfilling a preexistent task and instead reprogramming the human brain.
The, the, you know, like I said, uh, I think a few episodes about Marshall McLuhan, that there,
that famous, the medium is the message line is not about how, oh, the point of any TV show is that
it's on TV. You can take it that way. You know, there, there, there's stuff to be done with that
idea, but the medium is the message. What that really means is that whatever form of, and I hate this
goddamn word, but I have to use it, whatever form of content you are. And here's another word I fucking
hate consuming. Whatever form of content you are consuming, the content itself is meaningless.
The important thing is the delivery mechanism and content. As I said, I think in that earlier episode
can mean anything from, you know, TV shows to, uh, the, the system of quote unquote politics as we have it
in this country, which is essentially to say a combination of game shows and the world's largest
letter to the editor columns online where, uh, nothing ever changes to, I mean, in terms of media,
McLuhan gives this example himself, the light bulb, you know, the, the, the point of the light bulb
on a production scale basis is not to light your house. It's not to make your lamp work. It's not to
make you able to see at night. The point of the light bulb is to, uh, maintain the apparent necessity
and market hegemony of the light bulb. The point of the light bulb is to make people keep living in
houses, keep building houses. They're lucky enough to have a fucking house, keep sleeping on streets,
even that are designed to require light bulbs. That's the point. The point is to keep making them.
And that's what the medium is the message thing means. And so I, I, I buck back a little bit
against Pinchon and saying that, you know, technology is strictly a manner of response. I don't think
that's, uh, particularly true. Although I had to get that phrase numb and joyless hard-ons in there
somewhere because that's a few of my favorite words, uh, in Gravity's Rainbow. And, um, incidentally,
sorry, I meant to say this at the beginning of the show. Um, I, uh, I listened to an old episode
of mine, uh, during the real bad old days, uh, because I was trying to find some source I had
looked up back then. And I was shocked by what a fucking junk drawl I had. When you're in that mode,
you really don't notice that you don't think it's happening. You think like nobody can tell,
nobody can tell, they call me slick. I'm a slickest white boy West of the Mississippi Delta. Come on,
baby. I'm Wolfman Jack. I'm the Wolfman. Come down out my tree. Tell all the white boys they can
follow me. And it's, it's rough, uh, to hear that in a state of sobriety. And the reason I mentioned
that is to say that, um, you know, hate making this shit about myself, hate self-disclosure, et cetera,
et cetera. But those of you who know the show will know that I have, um, really bad chronic
migraines. In fact, it's the, uh, the 20th anniversary this month of my having had the same
migraine. And those migraines are really impacted by, uh, the weather. And so spring is usually the
worst season for me anyway, because the weather changes normally about every 36 hours in Missouri
and spring. Well, now it's changing every like eight hours because the environment is collapsing.
We have had days that went from, you know, 40 degrees and the loudest thunder I have ever heard
in my life to 80 by nightfall to fucking 35 by one in the morning. So I've had a couple weeks of the,
the worst physical pain of my life. So if I sound, um, particularly scattered or even more,
you know, ineloquent and, and stupid and, and, uh, lexically bereft than I normally do, it's, uh,
it's because of that. I'm not, I'm not strung out or anything. I just, uh, felt that was important to,
to list in there both. So you would know, and as an apology in case this is all coming off totally
incoherent. But the, the thing about that quote from Pinchot, the thing about that specific passage
that I have been thinking about in relation to the, the topic of this whole series, which is to kind of
say, uh, the echeloning of various layers of reality and the strange points of their interchange and
transference and transfusion often unintended. Um, that idea I think has a, a unique shift,
especially in the last 50 or 60 years of U S history, but really from world war two onward.
And, um, what, what Incien says, or rather thinks in that passage about networks, about distributions,
this is a key thing to understand as the 20th century's thought about itself, uh, continues on
and propagates because it is, it is one of the great insights any living person can have that the,
the, the nature of power now, and not just power in the sense of, you know, political office or,
or large scale ownership or whatever power in terms of the ability of anyone to do anything.
It is not vested in, in holy offices the way it once was. It is not in the, in the,
the traditional sense of the word class, you know, when class had something to do with, with
literally parentage and birth, you know, it, it, it is not vested in the aristocracy and, in the,
you know, true meaning of that word oligarchy. Yes, absolutely. But not quite aristocracy.
The, we have moved from a situation of, of centers of power over the last, you know, hundred,
whatever years, uh, to a situation of, uh, the distributed, the, the systematic, the networked,
being the locus of power, which makes, uh, illicit power, malignant power, which is of course the main
kind of power, makes it increasingly hard to do anything about at all because there is no center
to destroy. There is no element of the network that you can tear down and bring the rest of it
crashing down. There's, um, if, if, if you wished to, um, parody someone in America in order to, uh,
make a real change in the socioeconomic system of this country and it's, you know, neo-imperial
economic treatment of the rest of the world, who would it be? Whose absence do you think would
really make that much difference? Cause I don't know if I can think of one. Everything is, is a,
a question of distribution and systematization and networking at this point. And this is something
that has not always been true, at least certainly not on this level. And I think, um, a worthwhile way
to look at and think of all of this is to consider the, the modern history, well, not really modern
history, the history of psychoanalytic thought and to see how, uh, that thought has had to transfer
from, you know, the stable loci of power, whatever they were, to the, the concept of production,
distribution, distribution, machinery, network systems, very much like, uh, if you remember
the show I did, I think it was quite an early one on Jacques Derrida. Um, the, the fact of,
you know, the central fact I would say of Derrida's work that is embodied in all his famous, you know,
buzzwords, and the supplement and the marginal and all that is that meaning is not constituted by
a core of meaning. Meaning is, is not some, you know, uh, molten gemstone at the heart of the earth
or the word or the body or the brain. Meaning consists of intensities, forces, um, call it
electrical current, call it, you know, neurochemical activity being distributed among, uh, various
branches that work together or don't work together in various ways. That there is no, as he puts it,
uh, true logocentrism. That is the belief that speech and the word are the ineffable metaphysical
repository of meaning and truth. The, the, whatever the center is, whatever the core is, that core is
always hollowed out by the fact that it's only meaningful in reference to a whole vast rhizomatic
or mycological network of, of connected meanings and of, uh, means of getting those meanings across.
And so within the center, within the core or whatever you had presumed that to be, whether it is,
you know, in, in, in the cases he's talking about something like, you know, the, uh, the spoken words
allegedly of, uh, of Socrates to the idea of, you know, the nation state as the defining unit in, in not
just geopolitical history in the narrow sense, but human history in like the, you know, Heidegger or even
Hegel sense of history that, you know, history is the, the world spirit becoming manifest, which,
buddy, buddy, buddy, for your sake, I hope that's not true. Um, there, there is, there is inscribed
within these things, a lack, a deficit and emptiness because they only work in these networks of
reference to other things, pinging around between these different positions and their meaning is not
constituted by one stable entity or, or, or repository. It is constituted by all that movement.
It's constituted by the, the distributed action of the network. And this is something that I think we
see, uh, not just in psychoanalysis proper, but in the way it develops into something else over the
course of, uh, the 20th century. And I think this is a real interesting way to, to kind of, uh, meter this
progress or regress, egress, ingress, whatever you want it to be. Uh, because so much psychoanalytic
thought is, uh, ostensibly despised and mocked and considered absurd and bigoted and painfully of its time.
And yeah, that's, that, that is true in a lot of cases, but also it, it has formed so much of
your basis for understanding the world, whoever you are, that you probably don't realize how deep in
your fucking brain it is. If you're listening to this show in English, there is more psychoanalysis
in you than, than you may ever have understood before. And to, to start with the part of it that,
you know, I take seriously personally, because Carl Jung is interesting in some ways, but I don't,
I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm not seeing it other than, you know, matters of, of, of occasional mystic
insight. Um, I don't see that as any sort of system. So you have to talk Freud and,
as I mentioned last time, Freud is the archetypal example of the, uh, the unintended intellectual
influence. You know, everybody talking about anything after the year 1900, they have got,
you know, the old sources, King James Bible, Shakespeare, they have also got Marx, Nietzsche,
and Freud stamped all the fuck over them. And no matter how much they ostensibly, uh, oppose,
hate, defame those people's ideas, it doesn't really matter because they have defined the frames
of reference that we all have to use. You know, even, even the most just repellent fascist,
neo-Nazi, or for that matter, classical liberal ideology, um, still has to work in this case against
the, the Marxist description of class and social structure. Even, even if by denying it, that denial
is still, uh, a recognition of its ubiquity. And in Freud, in this particular, you know,
this, this particular extended subject matter, uh, of, of the, the layers of reality pulled up
further and further into more and more abstraction until it is impossible to hit ground. And, and human
life consists of, uh, essentially trying to navigate through a series of echelon unrealities,
hoping that you don't get caught in the wrong one at the wrong point. I think there is a specifically
interesting, uh, idea in Freud. And, and later on, I'm going to get into Lacan too, and then some
post-psychoanalytic stuff that I think will be the most useful for this subject. But Freud, you know,
everybody knows the basic Freudian shit, right? I mean, the, the entire tricameral, uh, conception of
the mind that you have an ego, a super ego and, and an id, or you have a conscious mind,
you have an unconscious mind, and then you have the sort of social hive mind bearing down on you from
above. And almost everyone I have ever known believes something like that, regardless of how
anti-Freudian they, they may presume themselves to be. And we know about the Oedipus complex,
bleh, bleh, bleh, bleh, bleh, very boring. And we know about, um, the, I mean, basic total inability
to, uh, listen to women saying anything about anything. It's, it's so depressing that apparently
one of Freud's, um, last sort of famous public utterances was someone asking him, uh, if he could
understand anything that he doesn't, what would it be? And his answer was what women want.
And then you go back to the early Freudian case studies, 1880s, 1890s, and it's like, you have got
thousands of hours of women telling you what they want. And it just, either you weren't really
listening or it didn't fit into whatever, you know, hermeneutic framework you were using at the
time. So your assumption was, well, obviously they're wrong. You know, obviously they don't
know as much as I do. And so, uh, when I figure out what they really want, uh, that's going to be
just a great day. Not, not, not only for femininity, but for humanity in general. When I, a cigar sucking
elder Viennese Jew discover what all women universally want everywhere, what a beautiful day,
you know, and, and it is not hard to, um, understand how a distaste for this guy would
have grown over the last, especially, you know, the post-war years. I mean, this shit was everywhere
for a while. It was so fucking ubiquitous. Uh, it, you know, there were jokes about it on like
Johnny Carson and every New York abstract expressionist painter was always talking about
seeing my analyst and shit. I realized how it could get annoying. Believe me. Uh, but there was a point
in my life, which I read a whole lot of Freud because I thought this is a guy who has shaped the
mind of almost everyone alive today, but not many people really know how he shaped their minds because
they haven't gotten deep into his work enough because it's annoying a lot of the time. But I did,
I did read, uh, I would say most of the major Freud books and case studies. Um, my favorite incidentally
is civilization and its discontents. That one is not too long and not too technical and really worth
reading. The whole idea of the mind as, um, as he puts it, uh, a, what is it? Magic writing tablet
by which he means the, you know, the, the twenties equivalent of something like, uh, an etch-a-sketch,
a palimpsest, that the mind is something that is written upon over and over and over and over,
you know, like, um, say a tape machine with the, uh, erase head disabled, you know, normally on a piece
of audio tape and this may go for video tape as well. I'm not sure. Uh, normally you've got
two heads on, they're called heads, the, the points of contact between the tape machine and the tape
itself. And the playback head takes the signal from the tape and turns it into sound. The record head
takes sound from the outside and turns it into tape signal. And normally when the record head
is, uh, enabled the, uh, or pardon me, I need to say that differently. When the play head is enabled,
the record head is not. And recording will, uh, oppositely and equally, it'll erase whatever was
there before you started recording. You record 10 different times on the same piece of tape.
Most of the time it will only give you the 10th one, right? That's how the machinery is designed
to work. But beginning with the early days of, you know, music concrete pioneers, people like, uh,
Pierre Henry and Pierre Schaeffer and, uh, Karl Heinz Stockhausen, these were guys figuring out how to
fuck with the mechanism of tape machines in order to produce sounds that hadn't existed before. And one
of the first things they got to was this idea that you could disable the erase function on a tape
machine and you could record to the same piece of tape over and over and over and over until you wind
up with this palimpsest, this thing that has been written upon again and again and again. And depending
on the, you know, in a musical sense, um, the frequency responses, the, the relative volumes,
the relative amount of, you know, uh, compression, the whatever, uh, what it is you would hear,
what, what chunk of each 10 layers you would hear is fairly randomized. You can learn to do it in a
non-randomized way, but that's, that's kind of not the point. The point was, let me carve into this
thing over and over and over and over. Let me cut it up in a dozen different ways and then see what all
the dozen of them are like together. And this eventually ended up becoming the, the kind of
groundwork of modern music recording. Uh, thanks largely to people like the Beatles who use this,
this concept of, uh, tape recording to the same, uh, the same area of the tape, but in a non-destructive
way, that is to say, without erasing what was there first. It's not like the Beatles invented that,
you know, two track stereo recording had been around for a while, but the idea of layering more
and more and more stuff onto the same stretch of tape, you know, an evolution, you could very clearly
hear in them, especially starting around revolver and then to the end of their, uh, career. I mean,
that, that is how records get made now. That's how everything from, you know, fucking Led Zeppelin
one to whatever SoundCloud rapper is big right now. The SoundCloud rapper wouldn't be using tape,
but it's the same process. Civilization and its discontents is about that in, in terms of the
functioning of the human mind. Uh, he compares it to, uh, a city that has been torn down and rebuilt
over and over again on the same site, you know, like, like, uh, the ancient Troy, which last I knew
was probably a city in Turkey called Hisarlik. It's been destroyed, I think seven or eight times.
And the city sits on a mound that is made of the seven or eight previously destroyed cities.
Um, but, but this is a little bit of a sidetrack because in talking about this shift from, from
point to system or point to distribution, uh, and from, you know, specificity to abstraction,
there is an idea of Freud's that I think is real important to understand that a lot of people
invoke. And I think almost nobody has actually read because nobody's fucking read Freud. Um,
a book of his called Beyond the Pleasure Principle. Uh, what's the German for that? I always remember
because it sounds good. Jenseit der Lustprinzip. And, uh, Beyond the Pleasure Principle is the,
the book in which Freud originated the concept of the death drive, which, uh, supposedly scared him
so badly that it led to kind of a general reorientation of his work because he didn't
really want it to be true. Um, you know, it is important. I'm not going to say in Freud's defense,
Sigmund Freud does not need me to defend him. He's dead, but he did draw his conclusions from actual
clinical practice a lot of the time. You know, he wasn't just some tenured asshole who writes papers,
at least not his whole career. He, he was at least trying to use these hermeneutic frameworks
with actual cases. And the death drive is, is I think one of the, the keys to understanding,
um, not just psychoanalysis itself, because you don't have to understand the psychoanalysis itself.
There are lots of ways to get to the same ideas, but understanding how analysis and it's, it's,
well, it's discontents, it's sequels, and also it's, you know, clean breaks and diversions,
um, map the structure of the human mind and thus of human society over the next, you know, he was
starting in the 1880s or so, so 140 years. And you see death drive, or at least I see death drive,
referred to all the fucking time now in everything from, you know, ostensibly sort of a highbrow papers
about politics and economics or whatever to, you know, people posting, uh, fucking selfies and going,
uh, my death drive is so strong right now. She's like, that's, that's not what that means. Uh,
the death drive doesn't mean that you secretly have a lust for violence and chaos. Not at all. Um,
you may secretly have a lust for violence and chaos. I guess that's your business until it becomes my
business, but that is not what the death drive refers to at all. In fact, it is the opposite.
The death drive refers to Freud's discovery and he tries to, uh, describe it in, in pseudo neurological
terms. You know, Freud thought of himself at first anyway, as a neurologist, which, you know,
meant something totally different than it does now. A modern neurologist is a brain doctor, you know,
a neurologist in Freud's day meant a, a nerves guy, you know, he gets how your nerves work. Um,
so his, his actual, you know, theoretical explanation of it is not very good, but the point of the death
drive is not, it's not violence, it's not anarchy, it's not even, you know, suicide necessarily,
though it can be. The point of the death drive and the reason the book is called Beyond the Pleasure
Principle is that it became Freud's finding that, um, after having based his first 30 odd years of
work, I think Beyond the Pleasure Principle was 1908, maybe, uh, on the idea that essentially humans,
uh, run on sets of desires. And the desires are socially inculcated and structured to some extent,
right? But they also seem to pop up more or less the same in every human being he's dealing with.
Be it said, these are human beings from a very specific class and place and time. So of course,
that's way too narrow anyway. But, uh, well, be it said also that it is in Freud's interest to find the
same things over and over again, because it makes his theories true. But anyway, whatever criticism of
him you want to make, uh, in his own mind, at least, he sees the same sorts of phenomena over and over
again. And yes, they are socially structured to some degree, but they also appear to be
universally enough that the, the social structure is not creating them, it's merely modifying them,
right? And there, we're talking about stuff like the Oedipus Complex and the return of the repressed,
things that we, you know, in the first case we've all heard of, and in the second case,
is just essentially gospel now in, in the West that I don't, I don't really know of anyone who would
seriously contest the idea that, you know, there is stuff going on in parts of your brain you don't
really understand or have control over, and that stuff shapes the way you do act, even if you don't
know why. You know, that I, that's, that's just nigh on universal now. Uh, and Freud in working with
all of that material in, in trying to formulate those ideas, essentially works with the idea that,
um, the guiding force behind all of this is libido in the full sense of the world,
word, not just libido and, in a sense of, you know, sexual lust, although that is of course in there,
but libido in a very, a very 19th century, very kind of early William Butler Yeats way of thinking about
it, which is to say that the, the urge to get laid and the urge for, you know, life itself to continue
are essentially the same thing. That, uh, when, when you're horny, it's because, uh, the universe is
using you as a vessel through which to reproduce its majesty. Like, okay, I've, look, I've read a lot
of modernist poetry, so I'm, I'm good on that. I don't need to hear about that ever again, but a lot
of people did believe it for a long time. Fucking Remy de Gourmand, Jesus Christ, one of the many
weirdos that reading Pound got me to, that, I think it was Remy de Gourmand who, uh, suggested
that, um, that the spine was, not literally, but essentially in function, the human male spine
was basically full of cum and, um, your brain bathes in a special kind of cum and having a thought
is basically the same thing as, as getting a nut off because they're each an emission of this, you
know, fertilizing fluid. And as ridiculous as that sounds and is as period specific as it sounds,
I saw fucking, you know, nootropics, uh, fucking caveman lifestyle liver king bullshit.
Saying the exact same thing yesterday. So this shit is not gone. Uh, but I mentioned all of this
to talk about what the death drive actually is. And the death drive is Freud's horrified realization
that there is something more powerful than the libido. And I mean, libido writ as large as possible,
life force, literally, you know, eros, whatever. Um, he, he worked under the, the presumption for many
years that human beings are basically made, they are created who they are by the, the confrontation
or the harmony between, uh, whatever sorts of libido they have. However, it is channeled in their brains
and whether or not that sort of channeling is considered socially acceptable. And that's what
a human being is made of. Basically, uh, you have certain formative experiences often when you're very
young, often that you can't remember that sort of, uh, build the libido machine in your unconscious.
And then that the, the workings of that machine surface in your conscious mind, make you want to
do something or want not to do something. And then the super ego exists as a, as a regulator
telling you whether you can or can't do those things. And the human personality basically consists
of that tension between, you know, uh, early formative events, often traumas, the things they
make you desire and whether or not those desires are socially acceptable. And for a long time,
Freud took that to be the essential constituent of, of human consciousness, the libido and the way it is
channeled or, or, or refused. Right. But in beyond the pleasure principle, he introduces this concept
of the death drive. And as I say, it doesn't have anything to do with, you know, flipping out and
killing everyone in a fucking, you know, shopping mall food court. I guess it could, but not necessarily.
Now the libido is Freud's horrifying discovery or pardon me, the death drive is Freud's horrifying
discovery that there is something more important, more influential than libido. That desire itself
is not the most effective nor the most efficient driver of human activity that in fact, even,
even past all that, hence the name beyond the procurement of any kind of pleasure, the furthest
thing back, the deepest thing down in your fucking brainstem is not gratification. It's the desire
for things to settle in some kind of calm way that they settled before. It's the desire to go back to
where you were, whatever that means, when you felt like you understood your surroundings, the desire to
return to a state of mental affairs that you are comfortable and familiar with. And the, the ultimate
end of that is of course, death. Death is, is not to be considered here in terms of a violent outburst.
Death is to be considered a, a terrified retreat into that desire to live in a world you understood
that, that, that attempts to, you know, for all of Freud's talk about neurons and shit. Really what it
means is, um, the, the attempt to reinsert oneself into a, a social and psychological context in which
one felt that one knew what was going on. And that this is even stronger than, than any kind of desire,
whether in terms of literal physical lust or in, in terms of, you know, some, some more abstract, uh,
essential drive that even more than we want to, you know, feel good and have our, our desires
gratified. Even more than that, what we want is to revert to some state of calm where we don't feel
afraid. And that reversion ultimately can only come with death. Death is the shutting down of any
possibility for, you know, a new psychiatric state to emerge. Death is everything being calm, fixed,
stable. As, uh, Derrida said, ontology is always ultimately the question of who is buried where.
It's a question of names. It is going through the fucking graveyard of the history of the human
mind and making sure that the right name is on the right grave and that the corpse and the coffin
are inside it. And that is what we want, according to Freud, even beyond wanting itself. And it is,
it is that kind of, of reversion to not death as violence, but death as systemic stasis that I think,
um, rhymes incredibly well with the, uh, the whole earth world thing, the Levinas totality infinity thing.
And, uh, in the next show, I am going to take you a big leap forward into a form of 20th century thought.
It's not psychoanalysis exactly. It's actually sort of an attempt to replace psychoanalysis that I think
describes the, the functioning of the human mind in this world now of distributions and systems and networks
in a way that Freud never could have except in that insight that beyond and behind and beneath
everything else, more even than, than a perfectly tuned, you know, network of, of gratification.
We would rather simply go back to such states of collapse as, as we have learned to find familiar.
positions of concrete as being, even as ох muralising rollerebounds so that the subject of life
is a very disc announcement.
Keep the buildingimetはいر sturdy as the mass mural of the human sor Georgesots that we Ăd
way of thinking about tilting it.
Visually mental light before the very beginning of the apocalypse is not being shared it means the
asphalt of the nightmare through the bay of the coronavirus in this world tomorrow is seven are
1300 Metroid week before theêtes of internet.
Because capable of mining and a disturbance that we're in and this day after it has been
or before term tokens and42 cut any recommendations.
Well, I grew up in the client state of a petro king
With a complicated take on things like human rights
But baby, that's the sacrifice
For bringing joy to the world
And I learned young how the West was one
With Christ's big heart and a bigger gun
But it wasn't enough, so we took the moon
Cause Nazi rock, it's science too
Can bring joy to the world
The war on drugs, this righteous cause
To clear our streets of criminals
Now civilized by an opioid
So the Sackler family can enjoy
Spreading joy around the world
For New York City, the world loves you
When retribution's surely due
For the zealots who brought you hell
Boy, the heroes and Langley taught them well
How to infiltrate joy into the world
Can't we all just get along
Like Amazon and Raytheon
Coming together to make a drone
To bring us lunch and kill the sun
In a sick, just a two-for-one
Holistic joy
To the world
To the world
To the world
Please stop resisting
All the joy
In your world
Just a car full of celebrities
Singing about the joy
In your mind
In your book
In your book
A string of bad luck in this final turn
We gathered around and watched our cities burn
Who could have possibly predicted this?
Said everyone
So we boldly venture into the black
Guided by a grand soundtrack
We'll liberate some foreign stars
And stick a flag on the face of Mars
The beauty of starting again
Your patience, zero and original sin
The mantra rings across the land
How clever
Look at us, we've done it again
We're bringing joy
To hope new worlds
You must admit we certainly got enough for
Bringing joy
To hope new worlds
In time these aliens will wonder
Out of the jar
We'll bring our hope new worlds
We're bringing joy
We're bringing joy
To your world
We're bringing joy
To your world
You better hope you don't have cheap bananas or us
We're bringing joy
We're bringing joy
To your world
You better hope you don't have cheap bananas or us
We're bringing joy
You better hope we don't have big plans or else we'll bring in
