Well, all right, that, of course.
The immortal baby comeback by player.
And in just a moment, we're going to be playing John Kales, Rize, Sam, and Arimsky-Korsakov
to round out the Rock Chalk Power Hour on WDSM Diagnostic and Statistical Radio,
where we make you feel like dog shit.
That's right.
We're taking chemicals you've needed to survive for years and just throwing them in the trash.
And then we're taking chemicals you do not want in your brain,
and we are flinging them fucking sidearm like it's skeeball to see where we can pop them in those synaptic gaps.
Some of you who follow me other places than this may have deduced that it's been a rough month.
It's been a shitty fucking month.
It's been the worst one I've had in a while.
And I want to apologize at the beginning of this because it feels like there is still a sort of an asbestos blanket wrapped around my brain.
I'm off the bad shit now.
I'm back onto the shit I need.
But it takes a while for that to sort of settle in.
And by the by, just in case you should find yourself in this situation,
the average psychiatrist and probably a psych prescribing, you know, GP or whatever,
is going to tell you that switching between benzodiazepines is no big deal.
They're all so chemically similar.
So, you know, it's lorazepam, alprazolam, clonazepam, diazepam.
It's all kind of the same thing, right?
So you can just drop one one day and start taking a new one and you're hardly even going to notice.
Don't worry about it.
And that is not true.
Don't do that.
I mean, I'm sure it's true for somebody somewhere.
Actually, it was true for me in at least one case when I was a lot younger and less fucked up in general.
But it is not true now.
If you are looking into any kind of medication switch along those lines, talk to someone who knows what they're talking about.
If you can find such a person about tapering, about switching dosages, because you go from one to the other on on successive days.
You are probably in for some fucking trouble.
So I jump into the show feeling like I'm going to fuck it up pretty bad.
feeling like I have.
There's a line in Gravity's Rainbow talking about Franz Perkler at the Mittelwerke trying to come up with, you know, both theoretical and practical solutions for how to make the rockets work.
Right.
And there's there's a line, something in there about, you know, having been up, having been awake for three days and you're carrying an idea not in but on your head.
There's an idea on top of your head.
If you try to think through it, if you try to understand your own idea in any way at all, it's going to completely vanish.
It's not in your brain.
It's not really yours.
It just sort of landed there like a bird.
And what you have to do is get it out in some completely, completely sort of middle and back brain sort of way.
Something that has nothing to do with, you know, a rational exposition or diegesis.
Just blurt out whatever the fuck is there, because otherwise it is going to take off.
It is going to disintegrate and and you will have lost it completely.
It was never yours.
It was never it was never material that you could hang on to.
Right.
It was simply a sort of a little cyclone above your head.
And I know the the thing I'm going to try to talk about tonight will not be like that forever.
I suspect it may take more than one show because this is sort of in the new God's funeral arc, as I will explain.
But at the moment, it sort of feels like that.
It feels like a not really a bird, really, but a specific unnameable pile of sort of white flesh and feathers that I once hallucinated running up my driveway during junk withdrawal.
Feels like that thing is sitting on my head and I'm kind of just trying to scream its name out before it departs.
I don't think it will remain that way.
But let's see how it goes.
Right.
Right.
Now, when I not just started doing this, because at the time when I started, no one was listening.
But at the time when I first started getting any kind of serious attention for this.
Right.
I made a number of vows to myself, ways that I would not misuse that that newfound audience.
And one of them was don't be doing shows about fucking Twitter beef.
Don't come on here and do an episode about fucking Twitter arguments, because first of all, who fucking cares?
And second of all, on the practical level, I can leave that stuff to people like Chapo, because Chapo, they have, you know, three, four or five funny people all sitting around at the same time, which makes it funny, which makes it, you know, properly carnivalesque and kind of placed in the theater of the absurd.
Whereas if I do it, it sounds like I am a like future presidential assassin who has been writing every point by point critique of something someone fucking tweeted three weeks ago on a roll of toilet paper.
And they're going to find it in my apartment where I have also laid, you know, a fucking graphic diorama history of every major decision in the pipeline of, let's say, 19th and 20th century oil production and its transfer into the plastics industry that made it necessary for me to be standing on top of.
Oh, I don't know.
You pick a building.
If I pick a building, it's probably going to sound a little too specific, right?
Basically, it would seem not just bitter and cranky, but insane for me to be sitting here in an empty room doing that by myself.
So I don't want to do that.
But something did come up in recent online stupidity that interested me.
And it made me feel as if there was there's an expansion of an older idea to be to be made.
So this isn't about the Internet bullshit.
The Internet bullshit was just a trigger for it.
This is to say, and if you don't know this, fucking God bless you.
A few weeks ago, I noticed that I was being more and more inundated with messages from people I didn't know asking me things like, is it true that Chapo is the CIA?
Is that really true?
Or accusative ones like, you know, one of your best friends is the heir to a gigantic arms dealing dynasty.
Like, motherfucker, first of all, you don't know who my best friends are.
Trust me, you haven't met them.
And I assumed that this was some sort of, you know, dancing plague.
Some sort of communicable delirium that was passing through the pseudo world, as they often do.
And that I had just happened to roll through a spate of people who had gotten a little giddy with the subject matter.
Who maybe had just been introduced to the subject matter, right?
And were going a little overboard trying to identify its presence in every facet of their lives.
So I just said something generally to everyone.
Like, I don't know why this is happening, but you can calm down.
Know that they're not the CIA.
That doesn't make any sense.
It wouldn't make any sense.
There's, apart from any actual, like, evidentiary claim, it also just doesn't fucking add up to anything.
So if you're actually worried about this, you can stop being worried about it, right?
And I thought that was a reassurance to a few people who had maybe gotten a little skitzy about all this.
It turns out this is actually this set of, you want to call them theories.
They're not really theories.
This bundle of assertions is actually a fledgling industry in itself.
There are people who are trying to make jobs out of saying this shit, basically, which I did not know.
So a lot of people got a lot more angry than I expected.
I had no idea.
I thought that was going to be, you know, 20 people replying over a fucking month.
And it was not that.
It got much bigger than that much more quickly.
And as to the subject matter, it doesn't.
Come on.
Just think about something in the world.
Think about something that's actually in the world.
Have a thought about it.
Or even beyond thought, just have a concrete experience of something happening, right?
Cool off a little bit.
Discharge some of those extra sort of valence shell electrons.
It'll make you feel better.
But I did think that this phenomenon illustrated something that's both interesting to me and pretty fearful to me about the, call it the coordinate system, the psychic coordinate system of sort of guys you can be.
Of the people who stand or rather the personae who stand at the extremes of the, you know, the four points of the American sort of compass rose.
And if you've been listening to this show for any length of time, you will know that I have said many times since the really beginning, like the second or third one, that in the 20th century, everybody in the United States, particularly, of course, you know, white men, but in a, in a psycho narrative terms, let's say.
Everybody in the United States is on this axis that at one end leads you to Lee Harvey Oswald and at the other end leads you to L. Ron Hubbard.
And this is in terms of approach to this thing that I have called the iconosphere.
The idea that there is a, you know, capital R real capital W world out there.
There is the world where history happens, the world where the events you read about in the newspaper or see on TV are occurring.
And that this world sometimes intersects with your world in a, in a sheerly accidental, incidental way that, you know, I think this is part of the reason that people freak out so much.
And, and, and even more, uh, than they do now used to freak out so much when they ran into a famous person because, you know, to see, I don't know, just pick a, a, a B minus famous person.
You go to the same restaurant as fucking Kim Cattrall or whatever.
It's like Kim Cattrall being there is not the big deal to you.
It's not like you want to sit down with her for hours and ask, you know, and, and, and this movie and that movie, I mean, maybe a couple of you do, but, um, generally speaking, that's not why people get excited about that.
The reason they get excited about it is that the, the iconosphere has for a moment overlapped with their lives.
And there is, I think there is a broad misunderstanding about this.
And in fact, so broad that it's backward that the normal presumption is that, oh, it's cool because you get to see they're just like you.
They're out there in the real world.
They're, they're doing things that normal people do.
I mean, the fucking industry that exists of just famous women coming out of grocery stores with bags, with logos, turns toward the camera.
Like the, the, I think sort of set, um, perception of this is that, oh, it's, it's, it connects you.
It makes you feel, uh, less distant from the world of great events because you see these people have to do normal type shit too.
I think that's completely wrong, uh, in no small part because they don't have to do a lot of normal type shit.
They're getting paid to do that normal type shit, uh, to make you feel like there is some sort of overlap.
But the overlap is completely the other way.
It's not that they are partially normal.
It's that my pitiful enclosed, you know, cameras, Irish shutting end of the movie, my world, that is nothing.
My world, that is a series of essentially habitations, a series of brief locales tacked together by, uh, a narrative that's really too boring to explain to almost anyone, including myself.
My, my life that even I would not want to see made into a movie.
It can, under the right circumstances, be transmuted into the real world.
The world world.
The icon.
The, the, the place where the icon lives.
And, uh, I think this is, I mean, I'm really at a point of wondering if there has ever been a, uh, I should, well, actually I'm, I'm well past the point of wondering if there has ever been a major celebrity assassination in this country that wasn't somehow also a political hit.
There's a lot going on there and I don't know too much of it, but you get about 10 minutes into any one of them.
And, uh, the coincidences start piling up pretty thick and fast.
But, to the extent that these, uh, you know, celebrity assassination attempts aren't orchestrated by a larger conspiracy, or even if they are, but you still have the one delusional person at the center of them.
Um, it is, it is not, you know, people struggle to explain what is this, this weird combination of adoration and possession and wanting to own this person and wanting to mingle your image with them forever.
And yeah, that is all in there.
And, and I've talked at, at some length about the, the underlying violence of iconography, the way that, um, either you or the icon has to fucking go down beneath the wheels of the juggernaut, right?
Because an icon by definition doesn't talk, doesn't think, doesn't say anything for itself.
Uh, all of its purported statements and actions and motives are attributed to it by someone else.
And so, violence against an icon is, as much as anything else, a way to make it sit still.
A way to make it stop doing things that conflict with your idea of what it should be.
A way to, uh, sort of re-inscribe yourself as the author of the definitive version of this icon, right?
That is all in there.
That's a big part of it.
But, I think, you know, we're tending over toward the Oswald end of the spectrum, right?
And obviously, Harvey Oswald didn't kill John Kennedy, you know that.
But, the idea that by killing someone famous for no particular reason in, um, in personal terms, it's not that you have some horrible grudge against this person, or that they fucked you over, or that they owe you a huge amount of money, whatever.
You can, you can kill your way into the iconosphere, right?
Because the spectacular death of an icon.
And when I say icon here, I'm not talking about the way, uh, not at all the way the word is used now.
To just mean, basically, pretty much any famous person doing anything is iconic.
No, I mean, icon as in the conversion of, uh, an actual human being into an, you know, E-I-K-O-N, uh, piece of, of religious art, essentially, that is hugely orchestrated by, uh, a culture industry with billions of dollars, uh, at its disposal.
That if you can, if you can kill one of these things, right, it's not really murdering the icon, it's murdering the person.
And the iconography up to this point has been, to some degree, held up by the person.
But, to perhaps an even larger degree, held up by a, a vast and largely unseen political and economic and social system that needs these pieces of iconography to move around like they're on a chessboard to achieve various goals in, in sort of public fervor at any given moment.
So when you kill one of these people, you're not killing the icon.
You're murdering a human being.
You're, you're butchering a mammal.
And in that butchering, you are now fusing yourself to the icon as it will exist thereafter forever.
And as I say, the, the idea that there is, you know, that it's purely just the psychoses of individuals that lead to, uh, I don't know, Mark David Chapman, or I was going to say, you know, you, you got Mark David Chapman, you got Hinckley.
Interesting things to be learned about those two gentlemen and their connections, particularly Hinckley's family and their, uh, world vision, sort of evangelical Christian organization that was probably an intelligence front working in East Asia.
And how close the Hinckley's family were.
Anyway, whatever part of it is extractable from that, if any of it is, uh, there is the idea that you can rip through the membrane that separates the awful, suffocating, meaningless little life you have been consigned to.
And not just life as in the events in your life, but an entire world in a very real way.
Like the literal physical existence of the world.
The places you go every day are places nobody cares about in the real world.
The streets you walk down will never be depicted as having been important to anyone.
Now, of course, the great irony here is that those places are actually more important on a much more personal level to more people than, you know, fucking anything in Los Angeles or not just Los Angeles, but let's say the, the, the greater, richer suburban area.
You know, any fucking street in any midsize town has more actual connection to human necessity and experience than, you know, any fucking cul-de-sac in Brentwood.
Surely.
But, you know, that there is an, uh, an inequality balancing the scales here.
That it doesn't work out.
That you will never see any of this recast with someone else playing you on the big screen and get to note the fascinating little differences between reality and film.
Because, you know, my part of the world is a part of the world where history doesn't happen.
There are no events here.
There, there, there is no narrative here.
We are, uh, at best data to back up somebody else's argument about a much larger social or economic trend.
We're the place that produces the numbers that back up arguments about deindustrialization or NAFTA or the opioid crisis or fucking crystal meth and whether Sudafed should be an over-the-counter drug.
That's what we're for.
We are only here to churn up numbers, most of which are numbers of corpses, so that people in the real world where real things happen can use those numbers to make a point.
That is all we fucking are.
We are cattle under the wheels of the juggernaut.
And most of us are too fucking just driven to asphyxiate horror at that idea ever to really consider doing something about it.
People dream about it all the time.
Sure.
Everything from the, you know, the relatively innocent, har har, sort of Hollywood, I'm going to be a star type bullshit to the dream of committing a mass act of public violence, say.
So that at least, at least for a moment, you will have access to the world of important people caring about important things.
You will see your image.
You will be on TV and not just as, you know, the fucking drunk guy at the Cleveland Guardians game who, you know, yelled while fucking someone was getting interviewed.
No, you will be the protagonist.
You will be, however briefly, turned into iconography.
And if that iconography is mysterious and unclear and ambiguous, it's, say, you know, bad surveillance camera footage of you walking out of a building before something blows up.
I mean, so much the better.
So the best of the better.
Because in that scenario, you get to be an icon unto yourself before anyone or more likely the great mass of people know who you are.
You get to live in the state of awareness that everything you do from now until you die, are killed, get arrested, whatever, has this massive importance, this massive weight that will be accorded to it in retrospect.
Because everything you do from this point forward, now it closes on the horizon line of that act of public violence, of that, you know, terrorist attack, of that assassination.
Every detail of your life from this point forward, every fucking receipt you were handed, every time you change your fucking shoes, every place you refill your car's gas tank.
All of these will become crucial data in reconstructing the architecture beneath an icon.
Right?
It's, I think there is, I mean, having been a drug addict of various kinds, I think there is a shade of this in a lot of drug addiction.
In that, if you're going to say you're in, now I'm going to pick a wild example here that I have no personal experience of.
Say you're in, I don't know, your fourth year of college, and you're just doing the obligatory fucking classes that you didn't want to do because they're dull.
And you don't really have to pay attention, nothing matters from this point on, you just, you're going to cruise through it.
And so you start, you know, going to fucking 10 a.m. class, just shit hammer drunk every day.
Just a purely hypothetical scenario.
Part of the reason you do that is not just because, well, first of all, you have profound psychological problems that you are trying to sort of paper over with alcoholism, although that's a big part of it, arguably the main part of it.
And it's not just because it's boring otherwise, too, and you're giving yourself sort of something to do.
It is also the secrecy of being fucked up in public without people being able to tell.
Some of you have probably seen the movie Withnal and I.
It's one of, I think, the funniest movies ever made.
And I can't remember who said this, but it was in the commentary to the movie.
I think it was Richard E. Grant, the guy who plays Withnal, talking about being drunk in public.
And he said, the entire point of being drunk in public is acting like you're not drunk.
You go out and get trashed at noon so that from noon onward, you can have this smirking little secret to yourself.
And every time someone says, like, are you all right, man?
Like, you need some help?
You get to go, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, thank you.
No, not at all.
No, I'm quite all right.
Everything is very, very normal.
I simply seem to have misplaced one of my many pairs of glasses, which I, you know, you get the one accumulates so many over the course of time.
And eventually there must come a day when one equips oneself with the wrong spectacles.
And so it's nothing more than that, I assure you.
Certainly not anything pharmacological at work.
You know, the whole thing is to see, can I keep this little secret to myself?
Can I give a sort of secret vein of interest to the otherwise very boring world I'm going to have to inhabit by adding a subterranean condition to it?
I.e., you are fucked up early.
You got a lot of day left to go.
And you're fucked up early enough and deeply enough that this is not like you can go home and, you know, sleep it off at 2 in the afternoon and then wake up at 8 and go back out again.
No, no, no.
You're fucked up.
If you fall asleep, you're going to end up waking up at 3 in the morning, you know, just with a demonic hangover.
So you have got to judge it very carefully or what you think is very carefully when you're an alcoholic the rest of the day, right?
You have to walk along this perfect dotted line through all the events of the rest of the day to stay drunk enough for it to be funny, but not so drunk that it starts causing you problems and they start asking you to leave restaurants and so forth.
I think that is, I mean, I can only speak for myself and the people I've known, but I think for a lot of drug addicts, and I think alcohol has a unique claim to this in the United States because it's legal and fucking ubiquitous.
I think that's kind of the core of a certain element of drug addiction.
Obviously, probably for most people, the deepest core is that there is something that horrifies you.
There is something fucking buried in you as a biographical secret or as fucking shrapnel from some event.
You know, you are walking wounded.
You are a fucking casualty.
And for various reasons, economic ones, a lot of the time, you can't afford to do anything real about it.
Or let's say you've had horrible experiences with psychiatry and psychopharmacology in the past, right?
Let's say you learn not to trust those motherfuckers.
And so you spend a few years incorrectly but understandably thinking, this is all I got.
This is the only thing I can do about the fact that my mind is visibly, even tangibly collapsing in real time.
The only thing I can do about the fact that I can feel myself every day waking up crazier than I was the day before.
Now, it doesn't even take days.
Every six hours being crazier than I was six hours before.
And crazier not just in a linear way, not just in a worsening of the same symptoms, but crazier in a magnetic way where I am attracting this whole foreign symptomatology about myself that I barely understand.
Crazy in a way where even when I'm sober, even when I'm apparently as socially engaged in as normal a way as possible, I am carrying around with me this entire other world that nobody else can see or understand.
And I don't see or understand it either.
I am subject to its thousand natural shocks, but I don't get it.
I don't know what it is.
Everywhere I go, I am trapped inside my own fucking dome.
I am behind glass at a museum.
And I don't know what people are looking at when they look at me.
So I'm going to take something like alcohol, right?
And I am going to use that not just to smooth out the fact that I can feel my brain breaking down and none of the professionals I've met have ever been able to do anything good about it.
Not just to smooth that out, but also so that the aberrations of my brain breaking down can be attributed to the fact that I'm a fuck up, that I'm a drunk, that I was always destined to be a fuck up, that being a fuck up in itself.
And we're talking now apart from the drinking or apart from the junk or apart from whatever else it is you've done.
Being a fuck up in itself is important to me because the other way to look at this, right, is that I am someone who is living inside the horror of a collapsing image of the world.
The horror of a collapsing understanding of my own mind.
The horror of an imago mundi that is fucking shedding scales like old paint in front of my eyes every day.
And every time I open the door of my apartment and go outside like a fucking moron, more of the world has chipped off.
More of the sky is crumbling down.
More of the earth is moving beneath my feet.
I don't want to be that person because that person is someone who either ends up, well, I was going to say institutionalized, but this is one of the cruelest parts of it in this age of Western history.
No, you don't end up institutionalized because there are no fucking institutions.
Unless your family is rich, you're probably never ending up institutionalized for anything but, you know, a two-week psych hold or something.
That the whole sort of, you know, mid-century, one flew over the cuckoo's nest, shock corridor, that world, horrific as it was, was comparatively charitable.
If you stack it up against the way we treat people like this now.
In that world, there was at least the pretense of some kind of diagnosis and some kind of attention paid to people and some kind of tracking the course of someone's, if you want to call it an illness, call it an illness, whatever.
The treatment, such as it was, was often fucking barbaric.
But there was at least the idea that we were going to build up a file of information on a troubled person and see how they were troubled and how that trouble tended to change.
What kind of cycles that trouble tended to elaborate into and upon itself.
And hopefully, maybe, if those cycles, if that shape fits a common shape, maybe we can give them something that will make their lives less terrible.
Now, that didn't work most of the time.
It was a bad fucking system.
Every once in a while, you get really, really lucky.
And it turns out that lithium was exactly what you needed.
You know, I have known people like that, not many, but I have, who had real stark problems with incipient mental illness.
And then they got put on lithium and that was exactly what they needed.
It was one shot.
And you occasionally find that with certain antidepressants as well.
Or in paradoxical cases, in treating people who are depressive to a borderline catatonic degree,
sometimes you'll see those people be prescribed amphetamine salts, you know, Adderall, Ritalin, whatever,
and bang, that's exactly what they needed and they're back.
And it's not to say everything is perfect for them, but it works out.
Now, that doesn't happen very often.
And the nightmare of that mid-century institutional world, which was a very real nightmare for a lot of people,
is that they are going to poke and prod around your brain while everything gets worse and worse and worse
because you're living in hell.
You're basically living in a jail that everyone pretends is not a jail.
And you cannot trust the sense of reality of anyone around you either,
least of all the fucking doctors.
So inevitably there is some sort of, you know, behavioral incident.
And after that incident, they are going to pump you full of fucking Thorazine.
And you are going to sit on a plaid couch drooling in front of a TV for the rest of your life.
Or worst of all, they're going to strap you to the gurney and send you to the electroshock room.
And things change, things stay the same, right?
Because I can't remember if I've said this on the show or just elsewhere,
but I have in the last, who, six months maybe?
I've had a number of people try to convince me that ECT is really the last serious hope remaining for me.
I'm not going to do that.
Fuck no.
You have to be absolutely fucking kidding me.
But I say this to say that sort of institutional nightmare,
that's not even really available for you anymore.
Unless you're the child of a billionaire and you can go to fucking, you know,
crossroads with Eric Clapton and Owen Wilson or some shit
and learn about self-actualization.
No, the people who would have been in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest in this generation,
they are mostly homeless, in jail, or dead.
That's what we have decided to do with people who, frankly, just irritate us,
who, frankly, make us feel uncomfortable for a brief amount of time in some kind of public setting.
We all know we can hit three numbers on our phones
and have those people held in a fucking glass fish tank overnight, at the very least.
I mean, I don't know if you know that, but a lot of emergency rooms in this country,
if you're brought there as part of a suicide attempt,
the glass fish tank thing is, I'm not joking, I've been in it before.
It is a room next to all the other rooms in the hallway, except it's completely glassed in.
There are no walls.
The whole thing is transparent.
And there is a 250-pound motherfucker sitting at a desk inside the door
who is very ready to stop you from moving if you try to move.
I've been there, and I know how lucky I am on a material level
compared to most of the people who end up in there.
Because I had enough experience with the system and with psychopharmacology
and with being able to talk in a diagnostic way about mental illness or drug addiction or whatever
that I could talk my way out of the fish tank.
A lot of, probably the vast majority of the rest of the people can't.
They're not getting out of there.
And you can look at yourself that way.
That can be the way you understand your life,
as an infinitely narrowing aperture,
as basically at the beginning of my life,
there was a little point of brightness infinitely far away in an underground tunnel.
And as I have spent my life walking toward it,
or not walking toward it,
it has actually gotten smaller and further away.
I don't know how the physics of it are possible,
because I don't know what the brightness is at the end of the tunnel.
But it never gets any closer.
It actually gets the opposite of closer.
And now it is drawn down to such a single pixel,
unimaginable fucking concentration of the smallest thing I can see.
Literally a scintilla.
One fucking quantum of light.
And I will spend the rest of my life
either trying in various ways to convince myself that that's not happening,
or acknowledging that it is happening,
and almost certainly ending up dead of that awareness in one way or another, right?
Or I can embrace this prize status as fuck-up.
Because a fuck-up is a fuck-up.
A fuck-up, you know, you can get into etiology, right?
You can talk about how it got that way.
What happened to this person?
How did they fall from such, you know,
apparently stable social positioning,
and the Rhodes Scholar, National Merit Society,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Well, the problem with asking those questions
is that no one wants to hear the answers to them at all.
The only people who are interested in a real answer to any of those questions
are a biographer,
if you fuck up bad enough that they write a biography about you,
or someone who thinks that he is going to make his name
by identifying and fixing,
or just identifying,
whatever is wrong with you.
God, do I know the look in the eyes
of a fucking psychiatrist
who reads down the list of all the treatments you've received before
and all the, you know,
standard issue medications you've been on
and all the more experimental medications you've been on
and all the things that you've had mixed together
that don't normally mix.
And, hey, there's ketamine therapy in here,
and there's weird religious bullshit,
and there's, well, a junkie for five years.
The piggy little shine in their eyes
when they realize,
this could be the one that makes my name.
This could be the one
that gets a syndrome named after me.
And if you guys aren't too into medical terminology,
you may be interested to know that a syndrome,
we think of that word in general usage, I think,
as more or less equivalent to disease, let's say.
No, a syndrome is a list of symptoms.
A syndrome is not any kind of explanation
of the chemical or physiological
or even biographical action
of how somebody got a certain way.
A syndrome offers nothing in the way of explanation
except by perhaps the pure massing of data,
and we don't know what that fucking data is telling us anyway.
I mean, none of these are, you know,
psychiatry is not a science,
but also neither is any other science a science.
Science is flailing around in the fucking dark,
trying to systematize the way you flail around,
and then when the desired effect occurs,
or just any effect,
you then attribute it to the particular way you were flailing
and try to do it the same way over and over again.
And just so with the concept of the syndrome,
literally Greek, syndromos,
at the same speed or traveling the same way
is what that word means.
A syndrome is a collection of,
well, how should I say this?
Not simply symptoms because that, you know,
that's a whole other field, symptomatology,
but basically a collection of problems,
psychological, physiological, whatever,
that tend to show up together.
That's it.
That's all it is.
And you can get a syndrome named for you
if you simply demonstrate
that there is a cluster of people
within the greater population
who are all broken in the same way.
And their brokenness does not follow on
to the prescribed reactions
that are, you know,
within the general psychiatric Rolodex
for brokenness, right?
They're fucked up in a new way.
They don't fit under any particular heading,
or if they do,
only very, very, very broadly and lightly.
And really it deserves classification
as its own new phenomenon.
Have you helped anyone ever?
No, no.
Have you made any attempt to help anyone ever?
Not necessarily, probably not.
Do you think you're going to help anyone ever?
Fuck no.
Absolutely not.
By the time it comes to this,
there is no presence
that anyone is ever getting better.
The syndrome is simply a way
to grab a chunk of people
and then cut a little fucking freeze
out of their brains
and line it up on the architrave
that tops the temple dedicated
to the objectivity of the sciences
and most particularly
to the objective discernment of oneself
and leave it there.
And it is expected to be honored,
to be considered noble,
to be understood as testament
to incredibly grave and serious dedication
to the art of curing the ill mind
just because someone managed
to fucking kludge it together
from a pile of shit
that they otherwise didn't help with at all.
The very existence of this syndrome
means no one's helping it
because if anyone were able to help it,
it would fall under the heading
of an already described illness
or phenomenon, right?
And they would be treating it
the way those phenomena are treated.
If you've got a syndrome,
you're fucked.
You're out in the cold forever.
And that is the kind of thing
that they don't really tell you.
I don't know.
I don't know if they tell you ever.
I haven't been 70 years old yet.
I'm not going to be either.
So maybe at 70 years old,
they're honest with you about that.
But they're certainly not honest with you
about it at 15 or 20 or 25 or 30 or 35.
Not in any way at all.
But you do get the sense eventually.
You do become aware
of what you are to these people,
which is to say not raw material,
not precisely raw material,
but specimens from certain classes
and the rarer and more unusual
and less described the class,
so much the better.
If they can get you and a few others
in a fucking butterfly jar
and call you a new species,
that is their contribution
to the world of science.
And they expect to be honored
and praised and rewarded for it.
And they will be.
It works.
That's how the sciences work
on the fucking industrial level.
So you can either accept that,
that you to not just these people,
but to the rest of humanity
are simply an inexplicable cluster
of symptoms and cause and effect
really means nothing here.
There's no meaningful way
to talk about what came before what
or what triggered what
or what is the result of what.
It all happens at the same time
all the time.
And one instance is exactly
the reverse of the other.
No, there's no mechanism of action here.
It's just here is the sort of,
here are some rosary beads
and each one is a specific way
you're fucked up.
And the great matter of excitement here
is we've found 500 of you
who we get to give more or less
the same rosary to.
That, after not very long,
after not very much treatment,
and with not very much perspicacity,
is what you will learn
about the state of mental health medicine,
about the state of psychiatry,
psychology, whatever,
not just in this country,
but in most of the rest of the world
as well.
So you can accept that,
that you are a fucking crown of sonnets
of ways to be fucked up,
that you are an 11-point checklist
with someone else's last name on it,
by the way.
Or you can embrace the idea
of the fuck up.
You can confer upon yourself
the status of almost mythological resonance,
I would say,
because resonance is a matter of repetition.
Things are resonant
because we've seen them happen
over and over and over.
And because,
thanks to that repetition,
we have accorded them a place
in the most literal sense of mythology,
the inner fucking mythos,
the way the word gets from your mouth
to your fucking brain.
You know,
they have a sconce on the wall,
the fuck ups.
There's a dedicated place
where you put a statue of the fuck up,
right?
And thanks to that resonance cycle,
which is essentially what a myth is.
A myth is a place
of having discovered
cyclical resonance
in the cosmos,
in nature,
whatever you want to call it,
and of suddenly seeing
that cyclical resonance
all over the place,
repeating not exactly,
but repeating homeomorphically,
repeating, you know,
as a topological transform,
as in some recognizable transmutation,
right?
Well,
being a fuck up
and having the resonance
of the fuck up,
you know,
capital letters,
you can bypass
not all,
but most of the phenomena
that come along with instead
allowing your life
to be the process
of getting dissected to death.
because that's,
that's what they have
waiting for you.
Unless they fix you
with the first couple
fucking medications,
they're not fixing you at all.
And,
uh,
you can,
as I have,
stupidly,
spend years
on their operating tables
letting them cut
little parts off of you
and promising
over and over
and over
that the biopsy
will be revelatory,
that they're finally
going to see something,
that the MRI
is going to give them a clue,
that the CAT scan
cannot fail
to present some
new sort of
evidentiary status.
And,
of course,
there's never anything.
There's never,
ever,
ever,
ever anything.
They may describe
or discover
some,
um,
comorbidity.
They may come back
and tell you,
yeah,
we didn't,
uh,
figure out what's wrong
with you here,
but you're also
dying of this
over there.
uh,
you can spend
your time,
uh,
letting them
strap you to a table
and knock you out
and,
um,
get out the fucking
gamma knife
and,
and from a distance,
you know,
this is
the fire worker,
this is
ecate here,
proper magic.
You can,
you can let them
use that,
that knife
made out of light
to cut your brain
apart.
or,
you can
force upon yourself
and thus
upon others,
uh,
whether they like it
or not,
the mythological
status of
the fuck up
and everybody
knows because
he's in the name,
you can't help
the fuck up.
There's nothing
to be done for him.
He's,
he's a fuck up.
He just manages
to fuck up
everything we put
in front of him
and it's not
that he's stupid
and it's not
that he's naive
he just,
the,
the person,
this guy brings
chaos with him
everywhere.
There is no
situation
in which he
cannot find
the fucking
seam to pull on
that will rip
everything apart
and he doesn't
even do it
out of ill will.
He's not trying
to make anyone
angry.
He's,
he,
he doesn't,
you know,
delight in being
a destructive force.
He's somehow
always just
the wrong
fucking chemical
to introduce
to the mixture.
I don't,
I don't know
how he does it.
You,
you put this
motherfucker
in a vat
of any other
chemicals,
he'll make them
explode.
I don't know.
I don't know.
And,
the fuck up
because he is,
you know,
mythologically
not predetermined
but,
say,
pre-routed
because,
you know,
mythology
in the modern
sense for him
is provided
a kind of
printed circuit
board
and all the
copper traces
and all the
capacitors
and resistors
and integrated
circuits are on
there.
There's,
there is a
kind of lack
of rancor
toward the
fuck up.
You try to be
nice to him,
right?
Eventually,
what does every
one of those
stories come down
to?
You know,
you can't,
don't,
don't let this
guy into your
life too much.
Don't,
you know,
don't let his
crazy bullshit
start messing
with you but,
you know,
buy him a drink
every once in a
while.
If you hear
about a job,
you hear about
something cheap
that could make
him some money,
you know,
let the guy
know.
You know,
give him your
phone number
at the bar
one night
and tell him,
look,
if there's an
emergency,
and I mean
emergency,
if there's a
real emergency,
like a fucking
emergency emergency,
you know,
I'll be around
and then he's
going to call you
15 minutes after
you leave the
bar and then
you block that
number.
We know that
guy,
right?
He's a stock
character.
Well,
the fuck up
has,
within the,
the,
the non-iconographic
world,
the sub-iconographic
world,
right?
Um,
the world where
all of us live,
where nothing
actually happens,
where there's no
history,
where there are no
events,
where there are no,
uh,
persona,
only people,
and who wants a
person when you
could have a
persona?
That's fucking
sick.
The fuck up
corresponds,
uh,
much on our
lower level
to the way
the,
the,
uh,
the actor in
public violence
does upon the
iconographic level
because they
have both,
you know,
as above,
so below the
hermetic maxim,
always true in,
in my experience.
I have yet to
find a case where
that doesn't apply.
They have both
found ways to,
to,
uh,
slide into that
mythological niche,
to find a piece
of routing,
you know,
to find a track,
to find a,
a,
uh,
a printed set
of traces along
the circuit board,
right?
And though to you
their lives may
appear to be
squalor and chaos
and abandonment,
to them,
they are writing
this into,
uh,
an event that
will ultimately,
uh,
it will ultimately
sort of sanctify,
uh,
their,
what would the
word be?
Not transmutation
precisely,
uh,
almost transubstantiation
into the,
the flesh of myth
from the flesh of
humanity.
And for the fuck up,
that transubstantiation,
that,
that Eucharist
is,
uh,
it's always
happening every
day.
Every night is the
last night of your
life.
Believe me,
I know,
uh,
every event is
the last event.
Every time you see
someone is the last
time you saw someone
because you know,
you know,
everyone around you
at all times is
thinking of that
being the last time.
Everyone around you
at all times is
thinking of the
most indicative
instance of how
you were a fuck up.
is thinking of the
moment they will
remember your
fucked up ass by,
right?
You know it while
it's happening.
And so there is
a sort of
eternal,
uh,
neither linear
nor,
nor
recurrent,
but,
uh,
permanently ongoing
transubstantiation
into the meat
of myth
for the fuck up
and into the,
the range of the,
the public killer,
especially those
who kill icons,
they simply
seize that flesh
from iconography.
They,
uh,
though they often
correspond in
biographical details
to people you would
consider fuck ups,
uh,
and again,
notable caveats here
about a lot of them
having been fucking
patsies for
intelligence operations,
but,
they lead that same
sort of existence,
uh,
up until the point
where they have
the ability
to butcher
the flesh
of iconography
rather than
their own,
and,
every step
along the way,
and,
this is,
I think,
key to the entire
Oswald thing,
and I'm not saying
this biographically
necessarily about Oswald,
I'm using him
as a type here,
key to the Oswald thing
and key how we'll get to
the L. Ron Hubbard thing
and then the,
uh,
the new thing
after that.
The difference between
the fuck up
and the assassin
is that
the fuck up
is living
in the eternal
sundown
of himself
as remembered
by his most
indicative failure,
whereas the assassin
is,
is out there
like the man
who's drunk
at 11 a.m.
and thinks
nobody else
knows it,
who spends
the entire day
doing the same
thing he does
every other day
of his life,
but at every step
is thinking,
I got a secret,
I know something
you don't know.
I started a joke,
which started the whole world
crying,
but I didn't see
that the joke
was on me
Oh,
no
I started to cry
which started the whole world
laughing
Oh,
if I'd only see
that the joke
was on me
I looked at the skies
running my hands
over my eyes
And I fell out of bed
Hurting my head
From things that I'd said
Till I finally died
Which says
the מכ
whose eyes
will start the calle
Thanks to
my words
I felt
afruit
Because
many years
I did
But the công
was once
I had saved
it
but the
I spent
where
