Well, uh...
As is not unusual for me, I had a show completely planned out.
In fact, it was the show I've had completely planned out for three shows going now.
And then something happened that both shook me up and also made me realize that there was a perfect way to approach everything I'm talking about in this series
through the thing that shook me up.
There is, uh, in fact, a deeper and more sort of fractally interrelated connection between those things
that has been buzzing in my fucking brain all day today that wouldn't have happened otherwise.
And the event that made me start thinking about all this is the death of, um...
One of the few people that I am not ashamed to call a hero of mine.
It's a bad time to have heroes, folks.
But, um...
Uh, Wayne Shorter, the, uh, saxophone player and composer, died today.
And, um...
I don't like to delimit what he did to just the term jazz because jazz is one of the most...
Oh, God.
One of the most intentionally misunderstood, smeared, prostituted words in the English language.
But it is a perfect occasion to talk about, um, the whole theme of what I'm doing here,
which is essentially what I guess you would call, um, differentiable but mutually non-dissociable realities.
You know, the idea of the surrealist coup that I have, I have been working with.
And that is present on every level throughout jazz, as I, uh, I will try to explain to you.
Um, and the way that among these different but interrelated realities, one of them will, uh, attempt and will usually succeed in,
at least partially succeed in, uh, establishing a kind of cannibal hegemony over the others
by taking whatever is in the others and then defanging it and mass-producing it
and removing all of its ability to, um, I should say, to help create another reality
rather than simply to serve as a function or feature of capital R reality.
The thing we're all supposed to agree on, right?
This is how it works.
Capital R reality eats every other kind,
but in order not to stir up, you know, active resistance and in order not to, uh, appear, uh, well, hegemonic about it,
but, uh, even more than that, in order not to appear, you know, binary or dichotomous about it,
it eats these other worlds we have, we could have had, we sometimes have for a moment or two.
If you're lucky, you might even live in one for a few years at some point.
It consumes those things and then instead of deleting their contents,
it uses those contents for strictly instrumentalized and mercantile ends within itself.
You don't just crush things.
You don't just erase things.
You take them and then you drain them of value as much as possible so that they can be accorded
a specifically, um, pragmatic and commercial place within the reality that has come to supervene everything else, right?
This is, this is something I have been thinking about ever since I started thinking about politics
in a serious way at all or history in a serious way at all that one of the reasons, um, you know,
to pick a hackneyed example, 1984, uh, has always seemed stupid to me since reading it as, you know,
a 12 year old or whatever is that even at that point, it was clear to me that you don't run a totalizing
monolithic reality, whether it's personal or on the, you know, the upper echelons of the socioeconomic,
uh, structure.
You don't run that by trying to destroy everything else by claiming that everything else never existed,
uh, simply by erasing, you know, whatever might, uh, come into contact with, uh, come into friction with
the reality you're trying to establish that that's a fucking mugs game. That ain't how you do it.
And a whole lot of what I've talked about, um, in my, in my concepts of the fourth Reich and the third
world war, um, is precisely this, that the fascists of the twenties, thirties, forties fucked up by trying
to do it that way by trying to crush everything else, remove all dissent, uh, going as far as, as denying
even the historical reality of other things, making them impossible to talk about or criminal to talk about.
And we have been shown, uh, in infinite detail over the last 80 years, uh, how, no, actually,
if you want to build the kind of fascism that lasts, if, if you want to be essentially the Nazis without
the word Nazi, that's not how you do things. The way you do it is to bring everything else in the
world under your umbrella, then to claim ownership of it and then to pervert it and sell it out and mass
produce it until it has no ability, whatever to change the way anyone thinks about anything.
Anyone sees anything, anyone relates to anything intellectually, linguistically, even fucking,
you know, onirically and dream life. It, it absorbs, it does not expel. What it does is take
everything the world has ever been, put a price tag on it, then divide us up into, you know,
taste park it, the park it's, uh, taste publics and, you know, market segments and further stratify us
by what have come to be these merely personalized decisions. It's not about saying anything. It's not
about knowing anything. It's not about looking at the world any differently. It's just that within the
birdcage, uh, you prefer this kind of slop while I prefer that kind of slop. And so we can form, uh,
you know, semi-oppositional identities based on the, the specific brand of slop we prefer that has been
produced from the entire history of fucking humanity up to that point. This is, this is the incorporationist
school of fascism, right? This is, this is, uh, something we learned from watching Hitler and
Mussolini and on and on be too exclusionary. We realized, no, no, we have to have a fascism where
everyone has a part to play, right? And where everything that has ever happened can be neutered
and instrumentalized into, uh, merely an object of, on the one hand, reifying the individual's
sense of identity for which, uh, he or she has spent a great deal of money on which he or she has spent
a great deal of time and which in a world devoid of any other possibilities other than the facile
and shallow bullshit attempts to reinvent oneself according to, uh, the, the harmony or disharmony
of the way one's personal image, uh, fits in with or clangs with the personal images of the people
around you. That's, that's your only hope. That's choice so far as you've got it left. Your freedom
is to choose, uh, what sort of insignia you will buy and wear. And not only does that, uh, this
incorporationist fascism, but it also ensures that everything it eats, everything it devours will become,
in addition to, you know, an identity signifier, it will become simply a cultural instrument in which
the actual content of the thing is totally meaningless. It's only there sort of as a, a structural piece,
a small but important structural piece of, of the overall, you know, monolith. It, it addresses
certain concerns in a very muted, weak way and it allows people to orient themselves by reference to
saying, well, this is higher than this and that is left of that and this is down and to the right from that.
It gives people a sense of, um, I guess I would say psychospatial awareness or psychospatial orientation
would probably be better. Um, and this may all seem like, uh, completely abstracted, insane nonsense
from the fact that a saxophone player died. But, uh, let me talk to you about it. Let me see if I can get
this across. And in order to do that, I'm going to read a couple things from Gravity's Rainbow.
Uh, I'm kind of a collector of, um, parts of novels or artworks in general that come either right before
or right after a major event in the book, movie, whatever, because they're the parts other people
read, see, hear, so on. Uh, but often don't realize they have read or seen or heard because the,
the major event has, you know, displaced that in their minds, but it still acts upon them.
It is very often, uh, the reason why I find this personally all the time, you go back and read a
section of a book, for example, and everything you associate it with the whole kind of, you know,
fantasticon, the whole image world, uh, that you associate with that passage. A lot of it isn't
actually there. And you realize that what you thought you were reading or what rather what you
thought you were remembering, it was this passage within the resonances, you know, the kind of ghost
world of, of, of things that happened before and after that having read it linearly as one generally
does, you have these overtones still ringing in your mind, right? And they colored this thing you
think you remember, but the thing you think you remember isn't quite actually exactly there.
You know, if you want to go back to, I mean, this whole thing could be tied into, uh, Jacques Derrida
and the idea of difference. Uh, I did a show about that in the early days, probably one of the late
nineties, early one hundreds ones. And I mean, that would be, uh, an easy one to just kind of rip
through. Derrida was a huge avant-garde jazz fan and I think derived a whole lot of ideas from it, but
this is, this is all abstract now, right? So let me, uh, let me put some flesh on it. Now this in
Gravity's Rainbow comes from, uh, the scene in which Slothrop has to, uh, crawl down the toilet at the
Roseland Ballroom in 1939 to retrieve his lost harmonica. And Red, uh, who will be mentioned in this
passage? You know, if you've read the book, Red turns out to be the young Malcolm Little, who of
course would become Malcolm X. So passage begins, follow? Red, the Negro shoeshine boy, waits by his
dusty leather seat. The Negro is all over wasted Roxbury wait. Follow? Cherokee comes wailing up from
the dance floor below over the high hat, the string bass, the thousand sets of feet where moving
rose lights suggests not pale Harvard boys and their dates, but a lot of dolled up redskins. The song
playing is one more lie about white crimes, but more musicians have floundered in the channel to
Cherokee than have got through from end to end. All those long, long notes. What are they up to?
All that time to do something inside of? Is it an Indian spirit plot? Down in New York, drive fast,
maybe get there for the last set on 7th Avenue between 139th and 140th tonight. Yardbird Parker
is finding out how he can use the notes at the higher ends of these very chords to break up the
melody and to have mercy. What is that? A fucking machine gun or something, man? He must be out of his
mind. 30 second notes, dimmy semiquavers, say it very fast in a munchkin voice. Dimmy semiquaver,
if you can dig that, coming out of Dan Wall's Chili House and down the street. Shit, out on all kinds
of streets. His trip by 1939, well begun. Down inside his most affirmative solos, honks the idle,
amused, dum-da-dum-da-dum, of old Mr. Fucking Death He Self, out over the airwaves, into the society gigs,
someday as far as what seeps out hidden speakers in the city elevators and in all the markets,
his birds singing, to gainsay the man's lullabies, to subvert the groggy wash of the endlessly,
gutlessly overdubbed strings. So that prophecy, even up here on rainy Massachusetts Avenue,
is beginning these days to work itself out in Cherokee. The saxes downstairs getting now into some,
oh, really weird shit. And then just a bit later, after Slothrop goes down the toilet and emerges,
at some point, the brown dusk around him has begun to lighten, like the dawn. Bit by bit,
his vertigo leaves him. The last wisps of shit paper, halfway back to slurry, go. Sad, dissolving
away. An eerie light grows on him, a watery and marbled light he hopes won't last for long because of
what it seems to promise to show. But contacts are living in these waste regions. People he knows.
Inside shells of old, what seem to be fine-packed masonry ruins, weathered cell after cell, many of
them roofless. Wood fires burn in black fireplaces, water simmers in rusty institutional-sized lima bean
cans, and the steam goes up the leaky chimneys. And they sit about the worn flagstones, transacting
some... He can't place it exactly. Something vaguely religious. Bedrooms are fully furnished,
with lights that turn and glow. Velvet hung from walls and ceiling. Down to the last ignored blue bead,
clogged with dust under the cape heart. The last dried spider and complex ruffling of the carpet's nap.
The intricacy of these dwellings amazes him. It is a place of sheltering from disaster.
Not necessarily the flushings of the toilet. These occur here only as a sort of inferred disturbance
behind this ancient sky, in its corroded evenness of tone. But something else has been terribly at
this country. Something poor soggy Slothrop cannot see or hear. As if there is a Pearl Harbor,
every morning, smashing invisibly from the sky. Decline and fall work silently on this landscape.
No sun, no moon, only a long, smooth sign-waving of the light. He stands outside all the communal
rooms and spaces, outside in his own high desert morning. A reddish-brown hawk, too, hanging up on an
air current to watch the horizon. It's cold. The wind blows. He can feel only his isolation.
They want him inside there, but he can't join them. Something prevents him. Once inside,
it would be like taking some kind of blood oath. They would never release him. There are no guarantees
he might not be asked to do something. Something so... And thus that part of the passage. And you will
see, of course, the toilet part of Gravity's Rainbow referred to all the time, usually as an example of,
you know, either Pinchon's surrealist sense of humor or of Pinchon's, you know, obscene tastelessness.
And the reason this book didn't win the fucking Pulitzer Prize, which actually did happen. There was
like a jury walkout in the Pulitzer selection that year. I don't think they chose a novel for 1973.
And of course, all of that, I mean, the surreality and the obscenity, if you want to call it that,
are true to a degree, but that is completely missing the point. Because,
as with the mentions of Cherokee, which is an old, you know, American songbook, boring-ass standard,
that if you have ever played a jazz gig, you have been forced to play Cherokee at least once.
This is being played by a white, segregated dance band for a party full of Harvard boys and Radcliffe girls
in 1939. This is the whitest, most drained, most bloodless, etiolate version of what you could
possibly refer to as jazz, right? And in order to understand the history of it at all,
in order to understand, you know, everything in that aside about Charlie Parker,
already tearing all this apart, also already doomed, he literally has to go through a world of shit.
He has to climb and then swim through pipes full of shit, noticing the different gradients and ages
and textures of shit on the walls, which is, of course, I mean, it's amazing how people don't see this,
but if you wanted an obvious metaphor for, you know, a white and particularly white,
upper-class New England male becoming aware of what his world is actually built on,
having to perform a sort of real-time archaeology of shit is a pretty, I would think, self-evident sort
of vehicle for that message. And then once he climbs through the shit, he comes out into a world
of ruins, but still inhabited ruins, and senses that there is some sort of major event
going on. But he can't insert himself into it, because to insert himself into it might mean to
lock himself into it forever. There are these devastated people living secretively in the
destruction of what presumably was once a functioning place. And there are later in that passage definite
references to the whole, you know, movie western cowboy hero thing, and to Native American history as well.
And in this place, as he says, something has been terribly at this place, clawing at it, biting at it,
dissolving it down. Something has been attacking here so long, so often, that now the people here don't even
really feel it as an attack. It's not a single event anymore. You know, it's very telling and apropos,
I think, that Pinchon, writing, you know, from the mind of Slothrop, says it's like a Pearl Harbor every
day. Because that's the only matter of comparison that Slothrop has got. And of course, it's not like a
Pearl Harbor every day. That's the point. That's the only sense Slothrop can make out of it. Just,
boy, it's like the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor, huh? No, it's exactly the opposite. It is a destruction,
a degradation, a forcible decay that has been eating at you and the world around you so long,
in so many ways, at every possible level, that now it's actually pretty rare for you to experience
that as an event. You experience it instead, like Pinchon says, as a kind of a slow corrosion,
a sort of bending and warping of the light over the course of the day. Because it's never just in
one thing. It's never as simple as Pearl Harbor or, well, if you want to believe September 11th was
simple, go ahead. But it is never singular and unitary in that way. It is a history of violence
and coercion and coercion and dispossession that is so thorough, so profound, and so long-lasting
that once you've been in it for long enough, you don't really experience it as an event.
You experience it, as it were, as the kind of the ground-based note of all reality, as the drone
that underlies the rest of what people consider the real world. And a lot of them can't hear the drone.
They weren't educated to hear the drone. They haven't had the kind of lives that made them notice it.
But this is, if I can draw a synthesizer analogy here, a lot of synthesizers work by taking one signal
and then modulating that signal by combining it with another one, usually called an LFO or low-frequency
oscillator. And the sound you hear is not either signal by itself. The sound you hear is the effect
of how one signal warps the other, right? And some people, and in this case, it's very directly about
both Black American and Native American history. Some people have seen this, you know, he even uses
the phrase, the slow sign-waving of the light. They have seen and heard and can feel on a moment-to-moment
basis this secret second sound that you never actually hear. You only hear how it mutates the first one.
And after enough exposure to that sound, after enough experience of it, at a certain point,
what the outside world considers to be events, what are the major happenings of, you know, reality
as, I was going to say, as agreed upon, but really as reality is forced at the point of a gun to be
consensus, those events are sort of just little eddies and flurries, right? And what you see,
what you live with is that secret underground drone that inflects all of those outward events
that even though you can't see it, you can't hear it, it determines the shape of all the things
you can see and hear. This is, I mean, there are other passages I could get to, and at least
one other one I will get to, but I think there is something really profound going on here, not just
in the sense of the sort of greater but less perceptible structures of reality, which of course
is what Gravity's Rainbow is all about. And in the parallelism, of course, to the opening sequence,
Private Apprentice's Dream, in which a city that may or may not be London is being evacuated,
but the evacuation is basically pointless. The place is a complete ruin, and you are not taken to any
kind of safety, you are taken to kind of an infinite purgatorial station, a billet, you know,
in a gigantic structure that houses everyone else, but you never see or hear them or talk to them.
You don't know really why you're there or what the place is. There's essentially no sense of time or
change. And instead, the question simply becomes, you know, that screaming across the sky from the
beginning. One of my favorite parts about that passage is that in the last paragraph of it, it ends,
a screaming holds across the sky. And this is the same effect I'm talking about. At first, you noticed
the initial rockets. It was pretty hard not to, right? At first, you counted the attacks, you maybe
even saw, felt the explosions, you saw the individual people maimed, the individual buildings turned to
fucking rubble, you know, the explosions of gas lines, whatever. Well, after enough of that,
all of the screaming of the individual rockets comes to blur together into the fact of a consistent
scream, an arc of endless scream across the sky. Because after a while, the object of attention ceases to be
this one rocket, this one rocket, this disaster, that disaster, and becomes instead the dawning
realization that this is not a freak accident. This is not a statistical glitch. The sky is now
a vector of murder. The sky is now a grid on which each of us can be precisely pinpointed
for any reason at all by almost any powerful person at all. And even if they decide not to take us out
immediately, even if, you know, you personally don't suffer any direct damage from all of this,
the scream is always up there. The screaming will never stop. The screaming has now become
the resonant structure of the sky itself. There is only scream. The sky is a scream.
The sky is held together by a scream. And you're only, not even safety or refuge from this,
but you're only, in the barest sort of physical and psychological terms, you're only coming to grips
with this is being inserted into a blank featureless part of a structure that you'd never seen before,
but to judge from the way it looks, just like with Slothrop after the toilet, it must have been there
for ages and ages. This thing must be generations old. This thing that is hidden in your city,
a place you thought you knew, right? A place whose structure you were pretty certain that at least for,
you know, personal purposes, you had delineated pretty well. And then the scream takes the sky over,
you know, the scream becomes a feedback loop, never ending. And paradoxically,
getting duller to your ear, the longer it goes on, you cannot maintain that state of alert terror
all the time. You simply, if not accept it, learn to live within it as a, a general profound unease
or anxiety that sometimes boils over into panic. But when you try to talk about the causes for that
panic, when you try to explain anything you're saying or feeling, it's impossible because the cause
is something that for everyone else is just part of the world, is part of the accepted background
of reality. You can't get them, you know, gestalt wise. You can't make them isolated,
the figure from the ground. The world they know is only that world. And to ask them to take, you know,
your particular symptom and attribute it to that scream you always hear in the sky,
they can't sift those things out. And what's worse, time goes on, fewer and fewer of them
will remember the sky before it was an infinite scream. Eventually, you may be the last person you
know, who knew that sky was ever anything but screaming. And you will, I think in many cases,
because I can certainly think of things like this about myself, you'll eventually come to question,
to what degree do I even really remember that? Was it ever really like that? I mean, I know I didn't
notice it, but is it possible that that's been there all along? And either most people are deaf to it,
or I'm uniquely stupid, I'm uniquely incapable of sensing what's going on around me. And you will,
through, you know, sort of empirical stone grinding, lose your ability to, you know, maintain any coherent
sense memory of what things were like before the scream. And the glaring, you know,
objective at the root of all this is these screams, these disasters, these are supposedly new and
unexpected. And, you know, the results of vast social, political, economic, military, technological
upheaval, this, this should all be happening for the first time. And yet, once they take you to the
place that's going to serve as, again, not so much shelter as purgatory, that place has been there for
hundreds of years. The place is ancient. It wasn't just ready for your arrival. It was ready for the
arrival of generation upon generation before you. And you begin to question,
hmm, is, is every generation, or, or a certain portion of every generation, let's say the majority,
are they just experiencing a homeomorph, you know, a mutated version of the same thing over and over?
Call it, you know, a topological transform in, in mathematical terms. The ability to, um, you know,
you specify certain aspects of a shape or object, and then you figure out, uh, how much the object can
change without violating those aspects. So is this what it's always been? Is, is this just a dent in the
map of the world that looks different to every new generation, but it's been there the whole time?
And not only has it been there the whole time, it is not there for your benefit. It is not an object
of charity. It's not there to fucking help you. It's there as the sort of minimum required concession
for the people who run the world to keep running it the way they want to. And just as Pirate sees that,
and, you know, London before London before London, Slothrop sees this for the first time as a result of
having to, you know, crawl and slide through hundreds of gallons of shit, uh, at a Harvard dance party
where, you know, a white big band is playing Cherokee. Just, I'm sorry, that, that sentence is getting
even me. And so because of Wayne Shorter today, I am thinking of all this in terms of jazz and, uh,
in terms of jazz as an ideal model of this, this, um, tension between overlapping and not quite separate,
but also not quite consonant realities because that's what jazz is. And I know, believe me, I, I know
very well what most Americans, most people think when they hear jazz. It's, you know, it's fucking
garlic to a vampire for most of the people I've ever known. And, and, you know, not without reason
because of how fucking badly it's been strip-minded and perverted by the culture industry. Every time
I say jazz, um, I, I hear myself as Alec Baldwin in that, uh, that scene in The Departed where he goes
to the meeting and says, microprocessors. I don't know what they are. You don't know what they are.
Just like no one wants to hear this word. And there's a reason for that. And the reason is that
jazz, um, jazz, like most of the, uh, best results of American history and American culture,
uh, has been reified in essentially two different ways. Um, there are people who mythologize it
and, you know, the fucking Ken Burns documentaries and shit, people who talk about it like it's the
goddamn civil war. That's it. It's an, a historical event, right? That happened at a certain place in
time. And we look back with reverence upon the great men of history. There's that side. And then
the other side is the, the sort of a critic and, uh, often non-critic, but sort of would be connoisseur
who has chosen to adopt a certain kind of jazz as a, as an ensign, as a, uh, a symbol,
an outward reflection of his sophistication of taste and intellect. He's one of those white guys who
knows. And, and often right beneath that, the implication is like, he's, he's a white boy with
soul. He gets how it is in the ghetto. You know, that it's fucking disgusting. And that,
that is our main cultural use for this music. Um, it goes beyond music really. I mean, obviously
this idea goes beyond music, but jazz even, I think is, is maybe better described as a, a set
of creative conditions than a kind of music at all. Jazz is once you really, you know, put your head
and heart into understanding it. It's one of the greatest miracles in human history. I think
black American music over the last 400 years is one of the greatest miracles in human history.
And of course, now we live in a world where, um, I would say about 99.99999% of all music is based
on some way in some vampirized blood drained, you know, deathly white version of black American music.
But jazz is a specific thing. So unlikely, so improbable, depending so much on, on the mentality
and imagination of the people doing it, that it's incredible that it ever happened at all.
And, you know, call it conspiratorial, but I think, um, part of the reason it has been turned into this,
you know, fucking Chardonnay sipping upper class culture fetish is that, um, it's, it's really not
good for sort of the continued maintenance of the evil world for people to start getting into and
understanding this kind of thing, because it will, if you follow this music closely enough,
it'll teach you how to think differently. Not just, oh, this sounds good to me now when it didn't sound
good to me before. It will rewire your brain. And of course they are none too interested in that.
And, you know, if, if, if you've ever been any kind of artist, uh, you know that the vast majority
of critics don't know what the fuck they're talking about, like not even a little, but if
you're in a rock band or, you know, a devotee of, of some pop record or you made a movie or whatever,
the people who review those, I mean, they do a horrendous job, but at the very least they sort of
know like how you make a three minute song, not in terms of the techniques involved, but they know
even if it's half conscious, like, yep, intro, first verse, bridge, chorus, you know, they,
they've had that structure fucking printed on their brain stems for their entire lives. And even the
shittiest movie critic understands some basic ideas like, you know, pacing, editing, camera work,
mise-en-scene, the idea of the dramatic arc of the movie. Let me tell you, as someone who has been
playing some form or another of jazz for God, 25 years, I think, uh, the people who review jazz and
unfortunately the people who are most likely to pop up, if you try to understand it, the self-appointed
explainers of all this, they, it's not just that they don't really know how it works or that they
have formulaic and, and rigid and standardized ideas. They don't know anything. They don't know
anything. If they haven't played, they fucking don't know shit. And this is true of any, any,
you know, music critic, jazz critic who is, who's been famous enough to have like, you know, a book
of his or her work compiled. I read most of those trying to figure out what the fuck was going on.
And by the time I figured out what was going on, I realized these people are not just aimlessly,
uh, fucking haplessly gormless. They are actively pernicious to trying to help you understand this
shit. They are so fundamentally wrong about every fucking thing in the world. They move you further
and further and further away from ever knowing what this is about. So I, I can't purport to give
you, you know, the history of jazz in 15 minutes, but in order to explain what I'm trying to say here,
I'm just going to give you a real quick, brief historical rundown of how things evolved in terms of
the structure of what jazz is. And Wayne Shorter was, I would say, along with Miles and, and John
Coltrane, one of the three, three people most responsible for how that changed over the last
century. So jazz initially, you know, a combination of elements of blues and, and, uh, black Christian
church music and little bits of European things that came and went, uh, and begins essentially,
you know, early 1900s, mostly around new Orleans, uh, coming out of the tradition of marching bands
where everybody knows basically the song they're playing. And because everybody knows basically the
song they're playing, uh, people feel free to mess around with their parts a little bit
because the structure is so easily comprehensible that even if you don't play the expected thing,
people still understand, you know, where they are, what's going on basically. Um, and the normal
arrangement in 99% of sort of straight ahead jazz is something called head and solos. Head,
means the part of the song that's written, uh, it's a melody and sub chord changes and, you know,
maybe a couple little notes about rhythm or whatever. Uh, there are these gigantic books
called fake books that, uh, most jazz musicians take on gigs that will have just the heads, you know,
12, 16, 24 bars long, whatever of 500 different songs. And there are enough structural similarities
in those 500 songs that, you know, once you've picked up a good number of them, you pretty much get it,
right? So the normal arrangement is, uh, you play the head once or twice, and then you get to the solos,
uh, which is where you keep the chord changes and rhythm and structure of the head, but one band member
gets to make up a new melody on the spot. And to begin with, this was very, uh, very sort of literal
and lyrical. It's, it's hard to do music episodes because I can't put in a thousand clips, you know,
but I would encourage you to go listen right now before the rest of this to the original Louis
Armstrong version of a St. James infirmary, because that will give you a very good idea of
what I'm talking about. It also contains one of my favorite off mic asides in American music.
Louis Armstrong goes, I shall never find another sweet man like me. And then off to the side of the
mic, he goes, huh, bragging. It's great, but you hear what's going on. There's the main melody,
it's recognizable. And then it comes to the trumpet solo and Louis Armstrong plays basically the same
thing as the vocal melody on the trumpet. There are a couple little ornamentations and changes and
stuff, but it's more or less the same thing. And this is how early jazz develops, right? Um, over time,
the arrangements get more and more sophisticated. Um, you'd be thinking of people like Count Basie,
Duke Ellington here, but the, the essential structure, the idea that, okay, here's the part
that's written down. And then here's the part where we play the written down part and you make up
a new thing. That's, you know, kind of more or less like the melody already. You maybe put your own
little stank on it, but you know, it's, it should be a singable thing. It, it should be, you know,
recognizably part of this song. And it is, it is that sort of jazz, which becomes, you know,
massively commodified in the thirties and forties and turns into a lot of thirties and forties pop music.
Um, one of the funniest parts of the great Gatsby that nobody notices is that, uh, at Gatsby's party,
you know, the one that's kind of the center of the novel, it's mentioned that he has a band there
and it's the Paul Whiteman orchestra playing something called a symphony in jazz,
which is so completely fucking dead on. Paul Whiteman was a real guy, was one of the most successful,
uh, jazz band leaders of his era. I mean, what else can you say about a guy named Paul Whiteman,
you know, fucking co-opting and just milking till there's nothing left, you know, a profoundly,
not just profoundly American, but profoundly black American art form for the delight of fucking,
you know, debutantes and society boys. Um, and the idea of, you know, a symphony in jazz,
is people were always doing that shit in the thirties and forties kind of like, well, this is
really a, you know, sort of a classical, uh, classical influence piece for a dance band for,
you know, a bunch of people to do the fucking Foxtrot too, but we'll put in a couple of jazz
chords here to make it swing. So you have that arc, you know, in the first few centuries of the 1900s.
Um, and then, and this is one of those like once in a lifetime, it couldn't have been any other guy
events. Um, Charlie Parker, who I would say is one of the only reasons to be proud of being from Kansas
city, but number one, uh, on his gravestone in Kansas city, whoever paid for it, uh, had the wrong
fucking kind of saxophone engraved on it, which says about all you need to say. And number two,
um, one time when he, uh, OD'd on heroin and thought he was dying as his wife drove him to the
hospital. Uh, he said, whatever you do, uh, don't let them bury me back in Kansas city, which is where
he's buried. So hard, hard to feel any civic pride about that. But Charlie Parker essentially took
the way other people were playing jazz, right? You have the head, the written part, and then you have
the solos that use the structure of the head. But instead of trying to play something, um, that's
melodic in the conventional sense, something that would be singable, you know, something that would
essentially take the place of a singer during the improvisation. Charlie Parker realized, okay,
I've got this set of chord changes, whether it's a 12 bar blues or it's based on some, you know,
awful fucking Broadway, like I got rhythm type song, you know, early, early jazz compositionally,
apart from the more ambitious Duke Ellington type stuff, it's mostly either based on blues or that,
you know, great American songbook horseshit, Stella by Starlight until there was you and shit like
that. Um, and Charlie, who is working in, uh, who was band was he in? I think Dinah Washington.
He's out there playing this fucking, this flaccid flowery, just saccharine society dance band shit
all night long. And in his private time starts working on a new idea, which is basically we've
got this set of chords, right? And we all know where we're going and where we're coming back around to
because it's, it's in a loop. You just repeat it over and over. So I can play any notes I want to,
and I can get between, uh, notes that are consonant. That is to say in tune in the song,
I can get between those notes, uh, by adding quote unquote, not in tune notes in between them.
I can take any set of chord changes and sort of play on the balance of being in the right key,
in the wrong key. And in these long transitions between keys, you will hear, you know, bird solos
where, um, he'll take an entire 12 bars, uh, that's out of tune quote unquote, in, in the course of the
song. And then at the end of the 12th bar, you will realize, oh, he's been pursuing this logic going
up and up and up the entire time and bang. Now he's right back where he should be. And that,
you know, there's a lot of other stuff involved, but at the root level, that's where bebop comes from.
That's, that's what bop means as opposed to earlier jazz. It is this revelation that we've got the fixed
chords here, but I don't have to play something within the very narrow scope of the fixed chords.
I can play something that, uh, moves in and out of, you know, the in tune notes, the predictable notes.
And if I can shape it well enough, if I can give it the right kind of arc, if I can make the important
connections at the right time, uh, instead of sounding like I don't know what I'm doing,
I'm going to sound like I am unlocking the fucking fourth dimension because now every solo,
instead of being something simply to fill, you know, one repetition of the head or chorus,
some people use those interchangeably. Now every individual solo is going to be a composition
within itself. Every solo will be a, a spontaneous rearrangement of the possibilities that are
latent in this song. And I may play, you know, one, one version of the head that's completely
straightforward and in tune. And then I may play another version of the head where I, I skate
through eight different keys in 12 bars, but I will be using these dissonances, these wrong notes
intentionally as part of the process of building this structure to get, you know, from a to B,
but in a very, very different way than anyone would expect. And that is what jazz, um, I think a
lot of it really comes down to as an art form, it's okay, here's where we start. And we know we're
all going to get back here within a certain amount of time, whether that's, you know, literal, you know,
a clock time or a musical time, here's the beginning. And here's the stuff the beginning
obviously suggests, right? So in the time of these cycles, you know, these 12 bars we repeat,
or 16 or 24 or 36, whatever, how far out can you go? And how weirdly can you go there
while still being able to find your way home? How can you take this musical structure,
and not just occupy it, but excavate something completely fucking new out of it,
build something on top of it that no one else would think to build, and then manage to meet us
back at the rendezvous point. And the history of jazz after Charlie Parker is, you know, enormous.
And this is, you know, 20 years after that, which is, that would be where someone like Wayne Shorter
would come in. Um, and I could talk endlessly about Wayne Shorter's particular genius,
and how I've stolen fucking everything I know and do from him. If it's either him or the Beatles,
that's who I took it from, anything you hear. Um, but I'm not trying to do a, you know,
a linear names and dates type of history. What I'm trying to get you to understand is what is
actually going on in jazz, and why, when you study this stuff, when you're dedicated to understanding
it, why listening to this is an experience unlike, I think, most other music, or even most other art
you can encounter. Because you are listening to someone in real time, who has, you know, the bones
of this structure, right? And then who is putting flesh on those bones that you could never have
imagined. But there is a logic to it. There is a rigor to it. The person is not just playing fucking
anything. Uh, playing just anything usually sounds bad. And it's also, it should be noted,
it's really, really hard to just play random anything. Because your, your hands and your ears
are so used to certain patterns that it's hard not to just pick up those patterns again. But that's not
what Charlie Parker or the, you know, thousands, probably actually millions of people who followed
him were doing. What they were trying to do is take, take this basic structure, extrapolate its
implications to the furthest and wildest degree I can find. And then at the end, swoop back in and
meet up with everybody else in a way that makes sense. And that's what most jazz has been doing
since Charlie Parker and, uh, a few other people, you know, uh, I think most importantly among them,
Thelonious Monk, uh, introduced the music that would come to be called bop or bebop. Um, Thelonious
Monk is a perfect example. I recommend him to a lot of people who are interested in jazz, but don't
really know what, what they're looking for because Monk is the all time God of taking a song
form that sounds very standard, whether it's 12 bar blues or, you know, a little cutesy Broadway song.
And then in the middle of it, just whopping in this giant, bizarre, weird chord that completely
decontextualizes the rest of the piece of music. And, and Monk was a, was a pretty sparse player.
He wasn't a million notes guy. So every time you hear Monk play, you are hearing a very specific
and idiosyncratic vision of what is latent in this given piece of music. I think, you know, it's,
it's usually asinine to think, you know, anything about an artist by being familiar with their art.
But I think jazz is different in that way, in that you are, you're giving, you know,
for the most part until, you know, the sixties and afterward, the same few basic sort of structural
parameters to everyone in the fucking world. And then everyone comes back with something different
and the fairly boring ones are going to come back with something that's a very logical and predictable
and rule following. And then you're going to get someone like Monk who every time he plays something,
it is coming at you from an angle you could never have predicted. It, it is, it is tearing open a seam
in the structure of the music that you wouldn't have even known how to look for.
And after you hear enough Monk, I think you really do start to understand like,
what is this man's brain? What is, what is the imagination that's making this happen?
Especially if you're also a player and you try to incorporate it into your own playing,
you know, you'll copy a Monk lick or whatever, and then go, Jesus Christ, I would never have thought
to do that. That's an insane thing to do right there. And, you know, the, the natural continuation
of Charlie Parker, the sort of exponentiation I would say was Coltrane, uh, who beyond simply taking
the idea, okay, here are these kind of boring cyclical forms, but I can play anything I want over them
as long as I can, you know, get back in, as long as I can weave myself back in. Well, Coltrane, um,
when he was playing shit that he found boring, you know, a million 12 bar blueses and a million,
you know, saccharine ballads he built, he, John Coltrane was the Kabbalist of jazz. If, if, if you're a
gnostic or interested in Kabbalah, numerology, whatever, John Coltrane is your man because he
built these entire alternate systems of what music he was going, uh, to play over other music.
So you might have a very, a very, very standard boring chord change. Um, uh, in, in jazz, the most
common it's named after the degrees of the scale, it's called a two, five, one. So let's say you're
in duh, that key. A two, five, one from the duh would be dun, dun, dun, dun, dun. It's the most predictable
thing in jazz by far. It's used in a million pieces and Coltrane would take that set of a couple chords
and then use his own self-devised kind of algebraic systems to fit seven, eight, nine
apparently unrelated chords into that space and play over those chords rather than the ones
everybody else is playing. And it's dissonant, yes, but it also possesses this very self-evident
logic and structural rigor because he's not just playing any old shit. He is trying to build a very
idiosyncratic and very complex set of possibilities of sort of stochastic breaks and eruptions into what
is otherwise a very predictable piece of music. And jazz progresses by something I have used
endlessly as an artist in every kind of art form I've ever done, including this one, something that
I think Pinchon is phenomenal at. And I actually think one of the reasons Wayne Shorter made me
think of this is that, you know, I wouldn't use Wayne Shorter to soundtrack a Pinchon book.
It's not like, you know, it's not a matter of time and place and mood, but I think Wayne Shorter
maybe more than anyone else played and composed like Pinchon writes because he was an absolute master
of that surrealist coup of the collapsing of what you considered reality and then revealing that
that is inside another different reality, which is then inside another different reality.
And part of what is fascinating and dangerous, I think, about learning this history is that you
realize this is a music that has progressed from very, very simple beginnings, but at every sort of leap,
at every sort of step change, what happens is someone takes a very simple framework like Charlie Parker did
and then elaborates that into something very ornate and complex and unusual. Then the next generation,
they just take the elaboration, they kick out the struts underneath it, right? It's like, you know,
Charlie Parker built a roller coaster over the song and then the next generation burns down all the
structure of the roller coaster and just tries to fly without it, you know what I mean? So we get,
you know, sort of the hard bop and free bop generation of the 50s and 60s using Charlie Parker's ideas,
but instead of using them as elaborations, taking those as basic structure and then elaborating on
those. In the case of Coltrane is a perfect example of that. I'm sure some of you have heard Giant Steps,
the Coltrane song. It is renowned as one of the hardest things ever written to improvise over because it is,
it's really hard. But that song is a set of imaginary chord changes that Coltrane would superimpose over
boring songs when he was bored. He would figure out the mathematics of, okay, I'm going to fit these six
chords into these two bars, but I'll end up in the right place. And for Giant Steps, that framework of the
boring thing he was playing over, he just kicked out the framework. And now it's only the mathematical
substitutions, right? So he's gone from playing over a set of imaginary chords to making those the real
chords, but playing just as abstractly over them. And then his path after that was to take those
imaginary chords to kick those out until there's basically no harmony at all. And the music depends
on the integrity with which he can state an idea and then not just depart from it, but vastly extend
and transmute and modify and break and reassemble this idea with a kind of logic that's, it's not intellectual.
It's, it's what I, I think I've said this on, on the show before, what I think of as the surrational.
It's, it's not unconscious and, you know, primitive and lower. It is something happening too fast and too
fluidly for the rational mind to understand. You hear later Coltrane, a record like Interstellar Space,
for instance, and you hear the, the essence of the guy who has come up with his own systems to deal with
the music that existed before him. Right. And by Interstellar Space, which I think was his last
record before he died, he has cut out all of the underlying structure from his inventions and is now
relying on his inventions alone. That whole record is saxophone and percussion, no piano, no guitar,
no bass, no chord changes, no, no fixed, um, durations of anything, uh, no tempo for a lot of it.
It's completely about Coltrane presenting the nucleus of an idea and then putting it through a
fucking particle accelerator, uh, to get every possible thing out of it and then finding his way home.
Um, and it, it, it cannot be any accident that this music, which rests on, um, basically the idea of
acknowledging a structure, but then admitting there's more going on within that structure than anyone
sees or admits. And so, you know, extrapolating, extending all that and then taking the extrapolations and
saying, there's more going on here than we thought and pulling those out and then taking that second
degree and going, there's more going on here. And now that becomes the basis. I, I often think of it
in terms of like derivatives and calculus that first it's, you know, uh, how fast is the thing going?
And then it's how fast is it accelerating? And then it's how fast is the acceleration accelerating?
And so on and so on. You, depending on how you think of it, you either zoom out or zoom in over
and over and over until, uh, you can take, you know, one of those great American songbook fucking
snore fests, like my one and only love or whatever. And the person playing it will have that in mind the
whole time they're playing it, but they will not play a single note that is actually in my one and
only love. Um, I don't think it can be any accident that this was the music and still is the music of
black Americans as well. Oppressed people in general. Yes. But especially black Americans, because,
um, you know, I can't obviously claim to speak from inside black America, but it seems to me that
black people in this country, and especially in the 20th and 21st centuries, as we have gotten more
superficially tolerant, but we have also vastly extended and, and empowered the institutions that
enforce structural racism as basically we've gotten rid of the ability to call black people slurs,
but we're 10,000 times better at ruining their lives. I don't think it's an accident that jazz
evolves the way it evolves and that it, it creates this sort of, you know, first, second derivative
thought process, because if you're black in America, especially, you know, first two thirds of the 20th
century, you know, very well that there is the consensus reality. Everyone is supposed to believe
in, right? And maybe a few people actually do believe in it, but most of us know it's bullshit.
And analogously that consensus reality would be the song as written down on paper. And then,
you know, that underneath this consensus reality, there's a whole different set of rules for you
as a black person. There is a whole different application of fucking history, economics,
geography, education, everything to you. You have no access to the consensus version.
So then we're down another layer. We're down on, you know, that first derivative. We have extrapolated
a new structure from the fake one everyone has to believe in. And then there is this fractal process
of extrapolated structures branching off each other as an oppressed population. In this case,
black Americans, I mean, for our entire history, but for the purpose of this subject matter in the 20th
century, realizing how little the official narrative applies to them and having to find a way to fucking live.
And in this sense, I mean, live as in not let the horrors of, of your, you know, factual life
completely destroy your mind, your imagination, your ability to create something with a logic
of your own or with a logic, better yet, of its own. This process of, you know, always branching off,
building something on top of the structure, then taking the structure away, then building something
on top of that, then taking it away, then building something on top of that. I, I cannot help but see
that as the, the formal development of a people making music who live in a world where they know
goddamn well, everything about the supposed basic egalitarian structure is a lie. And they have to
figure out how to live, not just in a, uh, you know, pragmatic sense, but every day, how to live every
hour, every fucking encounter, every social structure or obligatory, uh, you know, interface with an
institution have to be constantly improvising a, a shape in which it's possible to survive. And that,
that too is, is a big part of why this music gets to me so much and why the death of someone like Wayne
Shorter grieves me so much because I think there is something extraordinarily beautiful about listening
to these people. You know, the, just statistically the bulk of what people consider classic jazz was made
during fucking Jim Crow. You know, was, was made in times when, if there was a white guy in your band,
he stayed in a different hotel than you did. And, and hearing these people elaborate for themselves,
um, from a given set of structures, a given set of reference points, a way to make it through
to, to, to, to take all the unpredictable turns and twists and elaborations and, and sort of, uh,
fractal proliferations and alchemical transmutations and topological transforms necessary
to survive this structure. And then somehow, somehow through all of that, either to make your way home
or to find that you have built a new home at the end of all of this, that, that, that is,
I mean, I can't tell you how many times I have wept at like a Cecil Taylor record, hearing,
hearing what someone like that is able to do going as far off as apparently abstract as you could
possibly get, and then somehow resolving it into a home, into a safe place, into, into a world that is,
if not theirs, then at least a world in which they are, you know, active and, and not subordinate
participants. And, you know, I've, I've thought of jazz that way as a long time, for a long time,
rather, you know, how far can you go and what sort of imaginary logic can you invent while still being
able to get yourself home? And, um, when I heard this morning that, that Wayne had died, I thought
of a passage from the end of Gravity's Rainbow that I think of all the time. I don't think I actually
said this earlier, I think I interrupted myself, but, uh, to me, Wayne played and composed
a lot like Pinchon, especially in Gravity's Rainbow, writes. Uh, and when I heard the news about him
today, it was, uh, it was this page of Gravity's Rainbow that immediately occurred to me.
The trucks come rolling down the hill where the state highway narrows at about three in the afternoon.
All their headlights are on. Electric stair after stair topping the crest of the hill between the
maple trees. The noise is terrific. Gearboxes chatter as each truck hits the end of the grade.
Weary cries of, double clutch it, idiot, come from under the canvas. An apple tree by the road is in
blossom. The limbs are wet with this morning's rain, dark and wet. Sitting under it with anyone else
but Slothrop is a bare-legged girl, blonde and brown as honey. Her name is Marjorie. Hogan will
come home from the Pacific and court her, but he'll lose out to Pete Dufay. She and Dufay will have a
daughter named Kim, and Kim will have her braids dipped in the school inkwells by young Hogan Jr.
It will all go on, occupation or not, with or without Uncle Tyrone.
There's more rain in the air. The soldiers are muttering by Hicks's garage. In the back lot is a
greasy dump, a pit full of ball bearings, clutch plates, and pieces of transmission. In the parking
lot below, shared with the green-trim candy store where he waited for the first slice of very yellow
school bus to appear each 315 around the corner and knew which high school kids were easy marks for
pennies. Our six or seven old cord automobiles in different stages of dustiness and breakdown.
Souvenirs of young empire. They shine like hearses now in the premonition of rain.
Work details are already putting up barricades, and a scavenging party has invaded the gray clapboards
of Pizzini's store, standing big as a barn on the corner. Kids hanging around the loading platform,
eating sunflower seeds out of burlap sacks. Listen to the soldiers liberating sides of beef from
Pizzini's freezer. If Slothrim wants to get home from here, he has to slide into a pathway next to
the two-story brick wall of Hicks's garage, a green path whose entrance is concealed behind the trash fire
of the store and the frame shed where Pizzini keeps his delivery truck. You cut through two lots which
aren't platted exactly back to back so that actually you're skirting one fence and using a driveway.
They are both amber and black old ladies' houses full of cats alive or stuffed, stained lampshades,
anti-macassers and doilies on all the chairs and tables, and a terminal gloom. You have to cross a
street then. Go down Mrs. Snod's driveway beside the hollyhocks, through a wire gate, and Santora's
backyard, over the rail fence where the hedge stops, across your own street, and home. But there is the
occupation. They may already have interdicted the kids' shortcuts along with the grown-up routes.
It may be too late to get home.
The court eder was named to his own residence hall center. Here we go to the punishment fee.
T Trkiye had a caundress but his own style created the officers instead of paying her to the
wife, and told me toemia have their personal Story that's the Lima living water one l pistol at the
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
