Do do do come on dude come on open the damn program open the goddamn program
Are we seriously we already started God fucking almighty? Yeah, I'm gonna
I'm gonna drive down to Roanoke
Hi
Aunt Linda and Uncle Robert I regret to inform you. I'm gonna beat your beloved nephew to death with his own shoes
Ross
I'm going to kill you for those of you who haven't been sitting here for a goddamn hour and
20 minutes
Waiting for us to record like some of us have there's a huge global spit in my mouth right now
I don't even fucking care we have waited for an hour and a half goddamn near to just start recording
Because Ross is on the travel setup. I didn't think to oh, maybe I should test this out to see if any fucking shit works
Because it doesn't rods it worked last
Take the fucking money
Take the fucking money and I'm gonna drive you to micro center and after I've done you
I'm gonna buy your laptop with your money and I'm gonna shove it so far up your ass you think you have a third tonsil
If you're gonna complain that the episodes are too long trust us they're not as long for you as they are for us
Yes
What if a what if every podcast were an endurance test?
Thank you for subscribing to the patreon
I'll tell you another story. I actually
Sustained my first podcast related injury
On this trip
Milkshake jumping on you does not count
No, no, no here. Let me start my local
And then I'll tell the story sorry
Of how I'm going to seek workman's comp from my own podcast
You did this deliberately so that all of the death rats can't go in
Yeah
We don't have workman's comp
Well
I was packing the mic stand in my suitcase and I had it folded over
But the spring is very powerful in there
So it sort of started, you know, sort of just saw a climbing up out of the suitcase
The bottom got to the top of the suitcase and then the whole thing unfolded and hit me right in the nuts
You deserved it
So that's
I can tell you right now you deserved it
So you were injured in the line of duty
Yes
But you deserved the injury and should have frankly been injured more
We will be starting the Justin Rosniak Foundation
Which in your honor is gonna brief podcasters
It's gonna like train podcasters
Who are like coming up
Who are like developing professionally and how not to hit themselves in the nutsack
With their own mic stand
I need you to know
Viewers, friends, Romans, countrymen
That while Alice and I were waiting for Captain Fascinating to figure out that he needed a different video encoder
I started watching the Arkansas game and I'm not turning it off
So I've got the slides on one half of the monitor and I've got the Arkansas game on the other half
I will not be changing this
Yeah, I was like
This is why they love you
Damn, I hope we can get these slides done quick today
No
Damn, I hope we can start doing the podcast recording soon
No, no, no, no, no, it's an hour and 25 minutes
I just, sometimes, Roz, and I love you, you're my best friend in the whole world
I'm going to mercilessly beat you with a golf club!
I'm thematically correct!
Yeah
Yes, it's a bonus episode
Yeah, hi, fuck you!
This is the bonus episode
You already know who we are, cause you paid for this
Um, we're here today to talk about something exciting, which is golf
The worst sport in the world, and I use the term sport very loosely
Yeah, I was gonna say, if you can eat while you play it, it's not a sport
I'm looking at you, bullig
Look
Chess is not a sport, chess is a game
Now here's the thing, despite all this, I like golf
Today we're gonna talk about golf
Oh god
Now I just wanna say
This is torture, this is a hostage take
I just wanna remind everyone, in the words of the great Leslie Nielsen before we start
We don't play golf to feel bad, we play bad golf but feel good
I don't know what that means, why are the doors locked?
Well, you obviously didn't watch the required viewing that I posted in the group chat
I deliberately did not do that
I also deliberately did not do that
I did not do that because I sort of knew something like this would happen
Wow, you just wouldn't watch a Leslie Nielsen show, wow
Wow, it's insult to the master
Anyway
Thank you
Why is it not a mind golf?
Uh, because I thought it'd be funnier if it were an older golf
Kind of an older, shissier golf
Mine's not this delightful shade of, is this beige?
We'll call that
I quite like this, this is like the golf that everybody would have, this is the golf
It's the golf you would have now if like, East Germany had been the side that like, won the Cold War, you know?
That's, genuinely you're so right about the steel rims though
Because like, whenever I see a car with steel rims, whatever it is, I'm like, yeah, fucking, it looks great
And then everything else is like, some alloy bullshit
I take off my Carhartt hoodie to reveal a Carhartt t-shirt, because I am a real working man
So, first you must ask, what is golf?
A sport in which you get real drunk and hit on 19 year olds and do it poorly
Uh, good walk spoiled
Yes, good walk spoiled
Or, uh, more, uh, less succinctly, it's a way for two dudes to go for a walk without it being gay
Yes
Yeah, just trying to make this interaction less gay, what are we doing?
I'm wearing my like, big puffy hat and some like, baggy check trousers
Yes
This is gonna make this whole thing much more heterosexual
Yes
So, golf is a game, you hit a ball with a club into a hole, which is some distance away
Each hole is called a hole
Any hole's a goal, if you will
Okay
Oh, I'm so old
It has a par, which is how many times you're supposed to hit the ball
There are usually 18 holes in a golf course, though this is varied throughout history
This is giving me the fucking Wikipedia entry for golf
You remember the college episode? This is gonna be like that
Oh, Jesus
If you hit the ball too many times, you get points
If you hit the ball fewer times, you lose points
If you have the fewest points, you win
Cause points, yeah, points are bad
Yes
Okay, let's look at some history of golf
This is a horrible Scottish invention
Yes
We're responsible for this one
Maybe
We inflicted this on the world
The Dutch may have invented it
Motherfuckers
Yes
We've got like, four things, and then every so often, whenever we mention one of the four
things, some... someone pops up to go, oh, did you know that, you know, bagpipes are actually
invented in like, ancient Turkey or whatever, and it's like, okay, listen, no one was popularizing
them in the way that they have been because of ancient Turkey. This is all like, Georgian
obsession with Highland shit, is what it is, as you see here on the left. Same as Tartan,
you know, where it's like, oh, there's plenty of other places that invented like, you know,
like Czech patterns and plaids and stuff, it's like, yeah, obviously, but like...
Shut up!
Yeah. There's a distinct history there, through the kind of like, history of, you know, the
Highland clearances and all of this, and then, like, fetishizing and romanticizing Highland
stuff, Scottish stuff, by a bunch of Germans who then convinced themselves they were English.
Yes. So there's many golf-like games from the Netherlands where they called it Colven,
or later, Kolf to China.
Where it was called...
Kolf ball hoof to klatsen.
In China it was called, uh, Choyuan. Right? That's a picture of that.
Yeah, it's a tonal language, I don't have any more hope there than you do.
Yeah, exactly.
The first guy to popularize golf was James II of Scotland in the 15th century by banning
it. And also football, because the kids were supposed to be practicing archery instead.
Well, I mean, golf doesn't train you very well to kill the English at heart.
Yeah, I'd like to see James II light up in the A-gap. Go on.
Yeah.
But the thing is, I was gonna say, unless you're like this kid on the right-hand side
of the left picture there and you just, you know, you bring the motherfucking thing with
you.
Those are some socks, those are some stockings.
If you were not, like, caught lacking on the golf course, you know?
Yeah, you keep that thang on you except it's just a 16th century golf club.
Banning it, of course, caused the Streisand effect. Everyone wanted to play.
Ah.
The cool, rebellious kids golfing.
Yes.
Ugh, what a fucking thought.
James IV was a golfer and lifted the ban in 1502.
Mary Queen of Scots also played golf, and was noted for continuing to do so when she was
supposed to be in mourning.
Nice.
I mean, to be honest, it feels like a sort of mournful sport to me.
I think you could like, respectfully golf while you're grieving.
Sobbing.
Yeah.
As I slam a ball into the woods and say every curse word that's ever been invented and something
happened.
That's an excuse to hit something, you know?
It's a very solemn and respectful 400-yard drive.
Four!
Um, first rulebook for golf we know of was from 1744.
There were surviving golf courses from even earlier that, with the Musselberg links dating
from 1672, and the old course at St. Andrews may be as old as 1552.
Jesus.
That's sort of like the Temple of Golf.
That's like where golf came from, is how we sort of refer to that now.
Going to like, golf hajj at St. Andrews.
Yeah, I think my father-in-law has done that.
He's a nice man.
That's my response to that.
Now...
Sure.
Um, okay, so, one thing I am supposed to mention is that my grandad got a birdie on the 18th hole
at St. Andrews when he played there.
The fuck does that mean?
One under par.
He was one under par.
And there's a gallery there, so everyone stood up and clapped.
I mean...
It's a high point in his golf career.
If the par is what it's supposed to be, why would you get a clap for being one under
it?
That's like, well within...
That doesn't seem significant to me.
Okay, you go out and do it, hotshot!
Yeah.
Okay, okay.
Maybe...
I'm having a very German Cheatonic response to this, where it's like, via your praisings
this man merely for doing the expected performance.
It's better than expected.
Mmhmm.
Why are we praising this man for doing ONE better than the expected performance?
We'll talk about handicaps later.
Uh, okay.
I mean, the sort of Chinese version on the top right here looks more like croquet, and
then the Dutch one looks more like field hockey.
This is actually from a Christian prayer book known as the Golf Book, because it is one
of the earliest, uh, illustrations of golf we know of.
Huh.
I mean, the thing is though, this is a lawn, and it's like a defined pitch rather than like
a series of walks, right?
Well, I mean, even today, when you depict golf, you don't show the entire course.
Well, this is a weakness in our artist's house.
There's a fog of war.
Yeah, there is a fog of war in golf.
Yeah, I'm deploying like, reconnaissance drones over the links.
It's called a viewfinder, they make them.
Really?
Oh my god.
This is a- I know this is kind of all sports, but I think it's particularly acute in golf
that it's a sport with too much money in it.
Oh.
We'll get to that.
Yeah, we'll get to that, don't worry.
Uh, some later history of golf.
Uh, really it takes off in the Victorian era, pictured here as an early golf cart.
Um.
It really starts to get more popular with the upper classes because there's faster
and frequent a rail service to Scotland from England, right?
Also popularized in the States by John D. Rockefeller, but I'm sure we'll get to that.
Your technology improves, golf balls are easier to mass-produce, which is good because
you lose a lot of them.
Oh, so it's a consumable, but not like a cricket ball where it degrades over the thing,
it's a consumable because it gets as you lose it.
Uh-huh.
Golf actually came to America fairly early with the Dutch.
It was first noted being played in 1650.
BOO!
I hate the Dutch.
Yeah.
It was first noted in 1650 for being banned in the streets of what would become Albany,
since, rather than having a golf course, people simply played golf in the streets.
Street golf.
Street golf, yes.
Street golf.
You've heard of street ball, now welcome to street golf!
People were just, uh, they were just, uh, you know, shooting golf balls right into people's
houses and stuff, you know?
Breaking windows.
I would not care for that to happen.
Just a thing.
But if that had persisted, if street golf had persisted into the present day, you know,
you're driving along and you just get like a golf ball straight through the windshield?
Let's get domed, yeah.
I've been to top golf.
We've finally made a sort of, like, car hostile architecture.
You know?
There is a possibility towards a, like, proletarian golf, but you have to play it in the street.
I understand there is something called urban golf.
I didn't have time to get into that, I didn't research it that much.
That's when you just hit stuff off of roofs, isn't it?
Yeah, that makes sense.
Golf sort of really takes off in the roaring 20s, we get the sort of modern notion of the
sort of nice outdoor patrician sport, right?
It's like tennis, but less sweaty.
Then it gets on television, a whole bunch of other stuff happens we'll get into.
Question.
Where do the ridiculous outfits come from?
Why the pants?
Why the hat?
Why any of this?
Ohhhh, Scotland.
Is this just...
I don't know.
Yeah, that makes sense.
You know?
Plus, I guess, 1920s.
You know?
I don't know, if this is when stuff's coming in, everybody's gonna dress 1920s style just
to say bad.
Golf outfits.
Yeah, plus fours I think the pants are cool.
Should've thrown in a slide for that.
But anyway.
Folks, it's time to go golfing.
Oh.
Must we.
You're gonna need some clubs.
So... let's start with the numbered clubs, right?
You have something called a wood.
This one's made of metal.
Um...
Oh, this is what I'm gonna beat you to death later.
Generally speaking, the higher, the lower the number, the closer it is to vertical.
And so that gets you distance, but as you slope it back, that gets you height instead.
That's a strong two.
Me out of ten.
Yes.
Oh.
Alice.
So the, uh, yeah, strong two, tight lies.
Um...
Oh.
Hey, be nice.
I'll kill you.
You're the reason we're an hour and a half late to our own podcast.
Might be number two if I try harder.
So, the uh, whatchamacallit, okay, so your wood is a long club with a big thick head.
Thank you.
Right?
That's for hitting the ball a long distance.
Then you have your irons.
Gotcha.
Irons are shorter clubs, uh, with a thinner metal head.
Although, obviously, woods can be made of metal as well.
Um, you know, as I said, one to nine...
Of course.
But why should woods mean anything?
Yeah.
And you have all of these in a big leather thing, carried around by your major domo, by
your servant.
Yes.
Your man-servant.
By a adjutant.
Yeah.
Usually, usually we think of like the one, two, and three clubs are woods, and then everything
over that is irons.
But there are like hybrid clubs which are like a five or seven wood.
Oh god.
If we lost him, I am gonna kill him.
I'm still showing...
Y'all still there?
I can't hear anyone.
Big fat sack of cyanide.
We could like stab him with an ice knife, and then the ice knife like melts in the wound,
and everyone's like, damn, where was, where was, how, what stabbed him?
Murder weapon's already gone.
Melted.
I can't believe this has happened.
Melty ice knife.
I can't believe this has happened.
I mean, I can, because it's Roz, but...
I was saying, it's a shame this country has gun control, so I don't have anything I can
credibly threaten you with.
I do!
You have to have a hell of a good shot to get me from over here.
Anyway, so we cut out, uh, when I was explaining, I believe, hybrid clubs.
I could shoot you from Stuttgart and still achieve the proper effect.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah, I'm farther away than Stuttgart, though.
Oh, are you fucking kidding me?
Yeah.
Hello?
Hmm.
Hello.
Hello.
Okay, we're here.
We're all here.
Yes.
Yes, okay.
Yes.
So anyway, uh, usually we think of, like, the one, two, and three are the woods, everything
else is the irons, right?
But there are now hybrid clubs, like you can have a five-wood or a seven-wood, and
like, for doing weird stuff.
Are there golf people, and I say this knowing there are, who are like, you know, there are
only an acceptable number of clubs here, and like, everything else is like mental illness,
or like social contagion, uh, rapid onset golfer dysphoria.
Yeah, there's people who do really weird stuff.
I think Tiger Woods has actually won a tournament using only irons.
Uh.
That's fucked up.
Do you get like a kind of, like, sort of challenge mode, like a trophy for- I mean, I
guess if you win a tournament you literally do get a trophy.
PGA Tour Iron Percent.
You know what I mean.
Yeah, exactly.
Um, there's other weird clubs.
Uh, well, the putter is not a weird club, that's a normal thing, that has a flat face,
just for, you know, putting around the green, right?
Uh, you have wedges, which are at an extreme angle.
That's so you can chip your-
Yeah, you're breaking up a little bit, because of-
Okay, so I think we were about, uh, yeah, so some people do get very specific with their
clubs.
Um, and there's sand, there's stuff like, you know, you have like a chipping wedge, uh,
player that people sometimes like to use.
Yeah, wedges are for like, hitting your way out of bunkers, right?
Sand wedges, yeah.
Yes.
Mm, sand wedge.
Yeah, so that gives you a very high angle.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
So you can use any clubs you want, but you're limited to 14, so choose wisely.
You have a sort of like, indirect fire capability if you have a wedge.
Yes.
Um, the next thing about golfing is the ball.
Hmm.
So, historically, this was a small, hard wooden ball, but by the 1400s, we'd moved on
to small leather balls filled with cow's hair.
Ew.
Then we got something called the feathery, which is a similar leather ball, but you crammed
it full of boiled feathers.
Whoa.
Just looking like a bird strike every time you smack one of these.
Like what Randy Johnson did to that pigeon.
Yes.
Then in 1840-
Yeah.
In 1848 they came up with the gutty, that was made with dried sap from the Malaysian
sapodilla tree, which could be reformed into a ball if it was hit too hard and went out
of round.
Oh, that's an appealing visual of like, hitting the golf ball into a kind of like, elliptical
shape.
Yes.
It was in this era that we sort of discovered that, oh, you can add indentations to the golf
ball, and it works better.
Hmm.
You know, it flies faster, it goes straighter.
Better aerodynamics, right?
Um, they experimented with a whole lot of patterns.
It wasn't until like the early 1900s that the sort of dimpled bar, ball was standardized.
Then came something called the wound rubber ball, which was supposedly invented when a man idly
made a rubber band ball while waiting for the superintendent of BF Goodrich to come to
the course, and they tried it as a golf ball, and it was really good.
That's fucking funny.
It just needed a cover.
So the cover?
And so these were the...
Yes.
Okay.
And so that's sort of similar to the modern golf ball, but there's a lot of, there's still
a lot of weird variations.
Some of these, uh, some of them are multiple layers, some of them are solid plastic, some
of them even have a liquid core.
What?
Again, I think this is really, like, golf, it seems to me, really rewards the kind of
obsessive, like, chasing of really marginal...
1% rich, 1% better, 1% better, 1% better.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, 1%-er is right.
Yeah.
The one fun thing is that originally a lot of these liquid cores were very caustic chemicals.
Okay.
My hydrofluoric acid...
...core golf ball.
So there's lots of reports of kids trying to open up the golf ball to see what was inside.
What was inside was extremely bad for them, and they got sick.
Or worse, sometimes they would just explode.
My radium golf ball.
It's easy to find, because it glows in the rough.
Right, of course.
Good idea.
Yeah.
I see, going back in the time machine to, like, the sort of 1920s, I'm gonna make a killing,
you know?
So these sorts of fillings are, regrettably, no longer allowed.
Oh, cowards.
Mmm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Alright.
So here we are.
We're on the course.
It's like golf balls.
Golf ball's like the thing with, like, footballs where every year at, like, whatever big tournament,
the Masters or whatever, they'll make a huge deal out of how, like, new and unique and
they've improved the ballers.
Very marginally, of course.
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure you actually just bring around golf balls.
And the only way in which it's, like, distinguishable is it's, like, worse than usual.
Oh, okay.
There are golf balls that I believe are banned in tournament competition, basically, because
they're too good at making distance.
Yes.
Oh.
Yeah, there actually are also balls that are banned because they're too bad, as well.
Oh, that's a shit.
Come on, man!
What do you care?
Tiger Woods should be allowed to use the shitty golf ball.
What, a minimum speed limit in my America?
Alright.
Folks, it's tee time.
We're a hole one.
A golf ball with one big dimple.
Alright, the three of us are out on the golf course.
Have fun animating this.
Yeah.
So, here we are.
You know, to play golf, you need a hole.
The hole has a tee-in ground up here, that's where we are.
They have a fairway, right?
They have the rough, which is on the sides of the fairway.
It has various hazards, there could be water hazards, sand traps, we'll talk about that
in the next slide.
It has a putting green-
The mines.
...which surrounds the actual hole.
Hmm.
So, I start at the tee-in ground.
I put the tee in the ground-
And you get to go first.
Put the ball on it.
Yeah, I do.
You-you-you can go first if you want to.
Thank you.
It's fine.
You won the coin toss, however that works out between three people.
Yeah.
Okay, so Liam starts at the tee-in ground, he puts the tee in the ground, puts the ball on
it.
It's a coin toss, but you're playing at like St Andrews, and it's so trad it doesn't allow
women, but it does recognize me as a woman, so it's just you two.
I'm in the clubhouse.
I'm fine.
I'm not part of this.
Yeah.
I'm fine.
So, Liam, you get out the number one driver, right, and you swing.
That was a practice swing.
That one was also a practice swing.
Uh, so was that one.
Alright, you hit the ball.
Ball goes sailing down the fairway, right, which is a section of the course that's mown
really tight to the ground, uh, so that you can find the ball and it's easy to play it
again, right?
Um, now you walk down there with the three-wood, the fairway-wood, right?
Or the fairway-driver, excuse me.
Uh, you know, you swing at it, that's a practice swing.
That's another practice swing.
Gets a little better each time though with practice, right?
Well you're being very nice to me, thank you, because I am actually, fun fact, fucking
horrible at golf.
I was a contact sport kid.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Now, you hit the ball, right?
It doesn't show in your like demeanor or so.
No.
Oh no.
You sliced it.
I sliced it.
It's gone.
Wait, I think if it's this way it's sort of like a samurai.
Yeah.
The ball doesn't even know that it's sliced and it falls apart into two hemispheres in
the air.
Yeah.
So, it lands in the rough, right?
Which is a section of the course designed to punish you for your incompetence.
Um, now this is not like tightly mown grass like the fairway.
It may have obstacles like bushes or trees that make it hard to get back on the course.
So, cursing your luck, you go for the six iron, right?
And that's another practice swing.
Fantastic.
Then, you hit the ball.
Boom.
Now, it's on the green, right?
I've done it!
Yes.
The green is the very flat, tightly mown piece of grass designed to allow you to easily
put the ball in the hole.
This time, there's no practice swings.
You're 12 yards from the hole.
You might even make par on this one.
So, you get out the putter.
I take the big flag out of the hole, right?
So, you can make it.
You make a big show of lining up the putt.
You know, you put the club on the ground.
You sort of lie flat to make sure you're lined up the whole thing.
You know?
Alright.
And you make a beautiful 22 yard putt just inches past the hole onto a down slope and
into the bunker.
Fuck you!
I was having fun!
And I snapped the golf club over my knee and then I beat you with it until you're unconscious.
Yep.
Yep.
And at the end of the day, your handicap goes up two points to 18.
What does this mean?
So, a handicap is, if you're not very good at golf and you want to play against someone
who is pretty good at golf, the handicap is essentially a way for someone to say,
I'm not very good at golf, therefore I get bonus points.
Um, so like, if I have a...
They should bring this in in more sports.
Yeah.
So this is like a deduction, basically?
Yeah.
I should start any football game like three goals up.
Yeah, so it's essentially like, okay, this is how many points we subtract at the end.
If I have a handicap of 18, that means a par four is a par five.
Um, you know.
Cause it's over the 18 holes of golf, that's how many points are subtracted.
Um, if you're an experienced golfer, your handicap is zero, and if you're really bad, I think
it only goes up to 18.
I believe I could be bad enough at golf to do a higher handicap than that.
Oh, hard save.
Like a 36 or something.
So, on the golf course, there are hazards.
Right?
There are some common ones, there are uncommon ones.
Are the uncommon ones landmines?
I mean, train is on there.
Train is on there.
I always appreciate it.
Beautiful, beautiful Scott Rowell.
Yeah.
So...
One of them are bunkers, right?
These are sand pits, they're hard to hit the ball out of.
There's the fairway bunker, that's on the fairway, and then there's, uh, greenside bunkers,
those are next to the green.
Uh, so, you know, these are there to punish you if you get off the fairway, or punish
you if you make a bad putt, respectively, right?
Uh, then you waste two strokes trying to get out.
Gotcha.
Um, then there are water hazards, right?
Or more, if you're just like stuck at the bottom of this thing, just like hacking at
it.
Exactly.
Uh, that was a practice swing.
Um...
Hehehehehehe.
So, there are water hazards, which is where your expensive ball...
Ah, it's gone forever now, fuck you.
And, like, these vary from, like, your little canal that you see here into, like, sort of
full-blown, artificial, like, right?
Yeah, big lake, yeah.
Um, on Florida golf courses they have a special hazard, called an alligator.
Um...
Oh, fuck no!
Fuck no, buddy!
Yeah.
These will either cause delay of game while they move, or they will eat you.
Oh, okay.
The kind of ultimate hazard, you know?
Yes.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Then we have another surprisingly frequent hazard, which are trains.
Listen, people have to get around Scotland, and we can't just be, like, moving around
every golf course.
There's too many golf courses, sometimes you gotta run the train through them, yeah.
Um, this has resulted in some surprisingly long drives.
Uh, but ball recovery is difficult to impossible, and the ball will usually land far out of bounds.
You, like, hit this thing at, like, lodges between the windshield wiper and the windshield
of, like, the turbo star going past, and it ends up in, like, Dundee.
Yes.
Hehehe.
They count that, though.
You know?
Go and measure that.
Yeah, it's hard to get the ball back into play from there, though.
Yeah.
It's tough, it's tough.
You do the best you can.
I got...
Yeah, that's, uh...
Just like playing it back down a sort of, like, active rail line.
Yeah.
Okay, we gotta talk about the caddy.
So.
Sometimes, instead of carrying around your own stuff, you're lazy, and hire someone to carry
it around for you.
This is called the caddy.
Oh yes, my golf servant.
Yeah.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah.
Caddies are the sherpas of golf, but without the deep expertise.
Yeah, they're actually an ethnic group, originally.
People assumed that, like, every caddy assists in a golf game, but that's, you know, it's just
something they're adapted to do.
Proud and noble people.
The Scottish caddy.
Yeah.
Caddies exist, you know, to carry things and provide moral support.
You fat, dumb, rich son of a pet.
Is there a sort of thing that happens here where the caddy sort of, like, if you're rich
enough and you want to have a kind of, like, emotionally non-challenging time, the caddy
will sort of, like, a bit like a sort of hunting guide, will exist to facilitate that
for you, rather than make you a better golfer.
Oh yeah, sure.
Yeah, I think so, actually.
That definitely exists.
That definitely exists.
And all that.
Met are weird.
Yeah.
Now caddies are generally pretty low paid.
I mean, I've seen, I've seen videos of caddies, like, uh, I saw a video of one guy, which
was a real, like, I don't know, officer enlisted divide, where the guy, the golfer is, like, in
the sand wedge, in the, like, sand trap, and he's like, yeah, I think I can hit it out of
here straight onto the green or whatever.
And the caddy's like, yeah, I dunno, wouldn't it be, like, uh, you know, maybe better to
do the- and he's like, no, no, no, I think I can do it.
And you just sort of watch the, kind of, resignation in this caddy's eyes as he, like,
hacks and hacks at this thing, like, halfway up the sand trap.
Oh sure.
And he's like, yeah, I see what the dynamic that's happening here is.
That was a practice swing.
Um.
Yeah.
So, caddies are pretty low paid in general, some of them will take some small share of
the prize money in a tournament, though.
Mm.
Yeah.
So you can make big money.
Uh, sort of.
You can make, like, a share of really big money.
Yeah.
And make okay money.
Right.
You know?
If you're, like, right at the top of this.
Otherwise it's...
Do you...
Hmm.
Another part of golf is the golf cart.
Yay.
So...
Objectively funniest vehicle?
Yes.
No, because the cart they bring the pitchers out sometimes is baseball, it's funnier.
Okay, maybe a Zamboni is also funnier than the golf cart.
Zamboni is very funny.
The golf cart's definitely up there in, like, silly, like, novelty vehicles.
So, some golf courses are really big, and some people are very lazy.
We call these people Americans.
Um.
So, the golf cart was invented.
Uh.
So you don't have to walk all the way from hole to hole.
To make it from, like, a good walk spoiled to a good drive spoiled.
Yes.
So you don't have to walk all the way from hole to hole, or even from the beginning
of a hole to the end of the hole.
Um.
So, golf carts were invented in the 1930s, but no one really liked them.
They were mainly used by people with disabilities.
They were disabled enough they couldn't walk long distances, but not disabled enough that
they couldn't play golf.
Right?
Which is sort of a narrow window.
Um.
But...
Yeah, for sure.
Really kind of like threading a needle, though.
Yeah, but they start to really take off in the 1950s because everyone starts playing
golf.
Right?
And weirdly, one of the manufacturers that really helped the golf cart take off was Harley
Davidson.
You could get a Harley Davidson golf cart.
Fascinating.
Heh.
Man, that company has just single-handedly ruined boomers, hasn't it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now, today, the golf cart is a ubiquitous site on golf courses around America.
They're light, fast, fun, sometimes powered by gas, sometimes powered by electricity, always
driven by people of questionable skills, sobriety, and emotional stability.
Get out of the way.
Can confirm!
I didn't know, I thought these were all electric, I didn't know that they made like
petrol engine ones.
Oh no, sure do.
The sound of like a two-stroke engine propelling one of these is like, to me, very, very funny.
Um, now, at the center of the golf course is, of course, the country club.
So, what do you do?
Oh, a whole lot of, like, dynamics happening in here.
The worst people you've ever met in your life.
Every single one of them.
Yeah.
So what do you do after your 18 holes?
You go to the country club.
The country club's the big building where the golf course is administered, often has facilities
for golfers, it has the pro shop, where you can buy overpriced golf equipment, it has
locker rooms, showers, meeting rooms, sometimes facilities for other sports, like tennis,
sometimes it'll have a swimming pool, and of course it has a bar and restaurant.
Yes.
Of course.
I think the bar is kind of the salient part of that.
Yes, the bar is important because you need...
And they have minimums, they have food minimums, so that you have to buy a certain amount of food
if you're a member of the country club, and sometimes you know someone who's a member
of a country club, it is not you, because they don't let Jews in.
And you go there with whoever you're going with, and you simply binge eat and drink yourself
into a coma.
And you know what I salute you?
Yeah, it's pretty good.
I've had to help people make their minimums before, yeah.
Yeah, my granddad used to recruit the family to help meet the food minimum.
Yeah, I've had to do that.
You know what, and the bar and restaurant at Lexington Country Club is good.
So I'm not complaining.
But uh, yeah.
Sort of like a surprisingly pro-golf standpoint so far.
Yes, yes, I like golf.
We are gonna execute Roz as an enemy of the people.
Oh, I mean, that's been on the cards for a while, quite frankly.
Sorry buddy.
The main purpose of the bar and restaurant is that after a long day of golfing, you need
carbs.
You need to carb up after exercise.
Yeah, you've walked maybe like a mile.
Yeah.
Uh, you need to eat like a lot.
Especially after all those practice swings.
Uh.
Now, in some places they will actually bring your food and drink out to you while you're
playing, so you can get those liquid carbs in you and revitalize your game around hole
nine.
And harass a 19 year old.
Yeah.
Get a restraining order.
Yeah.
Now, some-
Very normal sport.
Now, some country clubs are private, and keep their membership very exclusive, but other
country clubs are more open and accept anyone, as long as they aren't black, Jewish, Catholic,
or a woman.
Oh, poor Alice.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
I don't think I'm missing much, to be honest.
You're not.
There's actually, for a long time, a tradition of like, separate, segregated Jewish country
clubs.
Because the normal ones are so adamant.
Oh, I bet those are fucking WILD.
Yeah.
Because like, whenever you try and replicate a dynamic where you're like, they are keeping
you out, and you're like, okay, fine, we'll make our own thing.
It's like, um, uh, like, uh, like black fraternities, where it's like, okay, this is already instantly
way more intense than the thing it's trying to like, uh, you know, emulate, right?
Yeah.
Uh, I worry immediately.
Yeah, I mean, look what happened to the, uh, biggest and, uh-
That is where we, uh, argue over who gets to have the space laser that we use.
Yeah.
I mean, look at what happened to the biggest, uh, Jewish-only country club, the State of
Israel.
Um.
Yeah.
Oh, the episode that finally gets us all cancelled.
Yes, we're doing it!
Making the desert bloom into some beautiful family.
Yeah.
Oh, yes, yes, this is what Golda My Ear was good, actually, let's do this!
Have you seen the Golda My Ear biopic yet?
Uh, Golda?
No, I haven't.
Mmm.
But I got through most of Munich, so I feel like I'm more or less prepared, right?
Oh, Munich, I love Munich, it's uh, it's sort of the preeminent, like, shooting and crying
movie.
I don't think you can do better than, like, you know, we'll never forgive you for making
us kill you.
Uh, fantastic.
Yeah.
Uh, also, we're gonna set off a car bomb and lily hammer and then just sorta look the
other way!
Let's go, folks!
I don't think the bit with the, like, killing a random Norwegian waiter is in the movie,
is it?
I don't think so, I was just talking about, uh, Operation Ratton.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Which, uh, which, being that the State of Israel is good, actually, uh, what else I got?
What's the other one I wanted to do?
As the poison pill episode?
Oh, the atom bomb was good, actually.
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah, we can do, like, uh, Dresden as well.
Cool Kurt Vonnegut, a hippie piece of shit.
So.
Golf.
Yeah, fuck you, Roz, you're not making rent this fuck.
Golf.
A rich...
I'm sorry, are you trying to keep us on track, guy who was responsible for us being
an hour and a half late to our own podcast?
Golf.
A rich man's sport, made middle class.
Alright.
Um.
Hmm.
Especially after World War II, there was an explosion in the so-called
middle class population.
They had more leisure time and less physically demanding jobs.
There was only so much time you can spend at home with the wife and kids.
You need time to hang out with the boys.
Why not try this new golf thing?
Yeah, I mean, sort of the preeminent heterosexual tradition, then and now, is hating your bitch
wife.
Yes.
Walking up.
And so, looking for ways to, like, not spend time with this woman that you hate.
Yeah.
As highways opened up, more land for development, it became easier and cheaper to build new golf
courses.
Lots of golf courses could accommodate lots of golfers.
Equipment became cheaper and more accessible, golf clubs started offering lessons to the public
so you could golf more good, and suddenly, everyone wanted to spend Saturday out on the
course with the boys, while the wife stayed home and did who gives a shit.
A shitload of Quaaludes and, like, your neighbour's wife.
A lot of Valium!
Yeah.
A lot of Valium, yeah.
Also, some weird lesbian love affair.
Our school superintendent got fired for embezzlement, but also she was having a secret gay affair,
which is also the kicker to that whole thing.
Chicks rock.
Um, yeah, so, I mean, this is the thing, right?
This ostensibly should be a good thing, right?
They're democratising the thing, uh, rich snobs don't get to have their hobby exclusive
anymore, y'know?
Which.
They let Italians do it.
Ugh.
But, on the other hand, y'know, uh, yeah, we've now made many more people golfers, and
a golfer is a terrible thing to be.
Simultaneously to that.
I'll tell Roz that.
Hmm.
I have thoughts.
I'm working up to the real venom.
You have this sort of distinction that shows up between amateur and professional golfers.
Right?
So, amateur and professional golf was originally largely a class-based distinction, with the
professionals looked down upon-
Oh, like cricket.
Yeah, the professionals were looked down upon by the affluent amateurs who golf for pleasure
and not to make money.
Now there's still a strict definition of amateur and professional, but it's less class-based,
right?
Pro golfers are usually folks who make a living doing golf instruction, or they run a golf course,
or even just the pro shop at the golf course.
Um.
Being professional doesn't necessarily correlate with skill.
You get to be a very talented amateur that's better than a professional, but the professional
is someone who spends most of their time playing golf, being around golf, doing golf stuff,
right?
So, eventually you get good.
Um.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I mean, amateurs now are just, you know, anyone, they can compete in amateur turnip tournaments
with strict rules on maximum prize money and so on and so forth.
Speak for yourself, bud.
And if you're an especially skilled professional, like Mr. Tiger Woods here, you're gonna be
competing in major televised tournaments like the PGA Tour, US Open, and whatnot.
Some of them become celebrities, some of them don't.
Um.
You know.
That is professional athletes, you know.
Yeah, I mean, how many golfers can I name?
Um.
Tiger Woods.
Yeah.
Uh.
Lee Carvalho.
Yeah.
Um.
Yeah.
Hey, I mean, impressive that you got a woman on there.
Uh, I, I, I'm out.
You know.
Nick Foldo.
I probably should've put a slide in here about women in golf, and I didn't do that.
I guess it is the boys club.
It's fine.
Whatever.
Yeah, this is what happens when we get you guys to write the episodes.
Monica Swords to... yeah.
One day, golf became a real estate scam.
Oh.
Pfft.
Yeah.
So...
I mean, I'm already thinking it's kinda started out that way, you know?
So, one thing about golf courses that at least some people think they're pretty to
look at, right?
It's essentially a...
No.
No.
No.
No.
Totally artificial.
Unsustainable.
Ecologically barren.
Except for when an alligator walks through it.
Uh.
Just ugly as sin.
They spray paint some of the shit green at Augusta.
Uh.
You know, they're fuckin'...
They're fake trees and shit.
Absolutely not.
No.
Yeah, cause it's essentially, um, you know, it's a big park that only a few people can
use at a time, and also you might get hit by a ball.
So naturally, golf courses could be the centerpiece of...
Like, at Augusta they literally pipe in bird noise.
They literally have, like, concealed loudspeakers to make you think it's more of a natural environment.
Yes, they do.
No.
Do not allow yourself to be gaslit by America's southern planters.
So, naturally, golf courses could also be the centerpiece of big, high-end suburban
developments.
I mean, I don't think we're beating the planter allegations from, uh, Lexington Golf Club,
or Lexington Country Club is, like, a nice place to be.
Okay, okay, uh...
Yeah, nah, I can't win that one.
Um...
No, we're not.
Thus was born, in 1922, the golf course community at Temple Terraces, Florida.
Attaboy.
Um...
Yeah.
The whole community was centered around the golf course and the country club, to the point
where the houses didn't even have kitchens.
Everyone was supposed to eat meals communally at the country club.
G-Golf communism!
Fuck!
Yeah.
This is the worst kind of communism that's ever been implemented, and I include Stalinism.
Yeah, this is where the leftist kitchen discourse goes.
Um, what will your role be in the leftist golf commune?
Golf commune, yeah.
Uh, let me get a...
Yeah, everyone wants to run the...
Everyone wants to run the pro shop.
No one wants to clean the ball washers.
Golf commune.
Now, originally these were intended as vacation homes, but people liked the place enough that
once they bought houses, they modified them, put kitchens in the houses, and lived permanently
on the golf course.
Yeah, people really don't like having a shared kitchen, it turns out.
Yeah.
Same thing happened in the Soviet Union, you have a sort of experimental period, and then
people are like, this commune alka sucks.
I built my a Stalin-ka.
Yeah.
Fucking freaks.
Oh, come on.
There, I got the notes back.
Okay.
Wasting for a kind of golf Stalin to emerge.
Yeah.
The popularity of these developments blew up in the 1950s, cause more people could afford
suburban houses, and more people could golf.
Now, the financial model...
Moral.
Yeah.
The financial model for this kind of golf course community is simple.
A developer buys the land, they build the golf course and the houses, and use the sale
of houses to fund operations of the golf course.
Now, if you have a...
It's a symbiotic relationship.
If you have a keen eye here, though, you might notice a problem.
There's a finite amount of houses to sell, and the golf course has to keep operating continuously.
More houses!
It's a Ponzi scheme.
Yeah.
It's a sort of golf-powered Ponzi scheme.
Yeah.
So if you keep in mind that not all the homeowners are golfers, and these sorts of clubs are often
financially unsustainable, and go under relatively quickly, this makes everyone mad.
I paid to live next to a golf course, I wanna see the golf course.
Or, but since not everyone's paying to use the golf course, this is not a sustainable situation.
Some people, you know, they move into these towns, they actually genuinely wanted golf,
uh, and then the course shuts down, and then some people paid for views of the golf course,
and now it's either overgrown, or it's being redeveloped into houses, or, worst of all,
being turned into a public park.
Everyone gets mad about this, and they try to sue each other.
Um, it happens constantly.
Aww.
Um, yeah.
And effective use of land.
Here's some great land use here in Sun City, Arizona.
Count the golf courses here.
Eugh.
The thing that bothers me most about this is that it's a desert?
Yes.
That it's built in a desert?
That you're trying to maintain a lot of extremely manicured grass in a desert?
Yep.
Eugh.
Yeah, it's almost as bad as the alfalfa feels just off camera.
Yes.
At least you can eat alfalfa.
No, you can't, only horses can.
You will.
When, you know, what's that proverb, you know, in the last alfalfa field is burned,
only then will we discover that we cannot eat golf balls.
Yeah, I bet, yeah, I believe the actual proverb is, hay is for horses.
Um.
I think I could eat alfalfa.
If I needed to.
Yeah.
Fact check this.
Devon, can I eat alfalfa?
So, anyway.
Uh.
Speaking of real estate scams, we have to talk about our boy, Donnie from Queens.
There he is.
He likes golf.
He loves it!
He loves this shit.
Loves some golf.
Because it makes him feel like a rich guy, it makes him feel important, it makes him feel,
you know, uh, sort of like an aristocrat, which is his fondest dream.
And I mean, he like, epitomizes a lot of golf shit, because he's trying to imitate a kind
of like, old money thing, but he just does it by spray painting it gold and it looks tacky
as fuck and everyone hates it.
Yes.
So, of course, uh, he opened his first golf course in 1999, the Trump International Golf
Club in West Palm Beach.
He did this by SUING West Palm Beach for the land, uh, in some kind of deal that involved,
uh, buying Mar-a-Lago.
Um.
And he got the land for free.
Uh.
I wouldn't say no to free 45 million dollars worth of land.
Also, if you look at the left hand picture, why is he standing so cuntily?
It's a little bit sassy.
He is.
Because he's an old New York queen.
He really is.
He's serving.
It's genuinely alarming to me how homophobic Trump is for someone who is as
effete as he is.
Yeah.
It's not a new observation, but like, god damn, dude.
So, Trump golf clubs are generally very expensive, very exclusive, and I bet the food isn't very
good.
Um.
Oh, I mean, I bet they'd like, fucking, uh, like, nickel and dime you on a bunch of shit,
too.
Oh, yeah.
Because all Trump shit is like scams.
Obviously.
Yeah, like, right after that huge membership fee, it's like, you know, you get a
I don't know, pay ten dollars for a hamburger.
Oh, yeah.
That's not even that much anymore shit.
Um.
Like, closer to thirty, you know?
Yeah.
Some of these are actually okay courses, good courses even, with well-known designers.
Some of them are brand new.
A number of them Trump just bought and had them redesigned.
Um, they host some major tours and championships.
Um.
Because it's something that he actually personally likes, and enjoys.
Yeah.
Yeah, he does enjoy golf.
There's one thing I don't think can be disputed, is Trump likes to golf.
Another sort of, like, mark against it, you know?
Yeah.
Who cares about that.
One of the more infamous ones that's been in the news recently is the Trump International
Golf Club in Aberdeenshire.
Oof.
Yes.
Don't remind me of the sand dunes.
Yeah, the sand dunes, they just destroyed the habitat, they used compulsory purchase to
expand the resort, uh, you know.
And there's been this sort of long-running lawsuit against adding offshore wind turbines
visible from the course.
It's like, get over yourself.
Yeah.
I'm sorry that, like, the needs of generating electricity for me so I can record this podcast
spoil your beautiful horizon, but you did bulldoze a bunch of, like, you know, seabirds
habitat in order to build the fucking thing, so eat shit.
Yep.
Um.
I think you are sorry.
One question that's persistently in the media, is Trump actually good at golf?
Huh.
You know, I've actually never thought about this before.
I... I dunno, I'm loath to give him credit for being good at anything, is the thing.
I think he might actually be good at golf, he just also is good at cheating at golf.
I mean, he's, this is like the thing... I mean, it is something that he spends, like,
most of his time doing.
He apparently is a huge cheater at golf.
There was a Golf World thing that came out about that exact thing.
He's gotta be getting at least a little better through osmosis.
Yeah, like, it's the thing he practices probably most, besides, like, financial crimes.
Um.
Yeah, exactly.
Although to be fair, he isn't very good at financial crimes either, so...
Yeah.
I mean, you know, that's the question of the other.
You gotta bring up, okay, all the conservatives complaining about Obama going on the golf course
constantly, and then they get this guy, who I think spent more time on the golf course...
I'm not a mock against it as a sport.
Yeah.
This guy spent more time on the golf course than sitting in the Oval Office, though I'm
fine with that.
Whatever.
That's harm reduction right there.
Yeah.
Well, it kind of kept him distracted from doing worse war crimes, potentially.
Yeah.
Exactly.
You gotta do war crimes whenever you are, it doesn't matter where you have cellphones
now.
The real war crime is how he hooked that drive.
Um.
Well, I mean, W famously, you know, now watch this drive.
Watch this drive.
Another mark against golf.
Track the shot.
Yeah, so is the position of the podcast that Donald Trump is probably okay, like decent,
at golf?
Yeah, I think he's probably, I think he's somewhere between fair and good, actually,
is where I would put it.
Okay, golf, yeah.
I don't think he's good.
Do we know his handicap?
I think he's better than average.
Someone reported Trump's handicap being as low as 2.8, but that is strongly disputed by
other people.
I forget.
The thing is, he loves lying about numbers about himself, like, the thing that said he
was 144 pounds or whatever.
Yeah, I imagine if he were lying about himself he'd be like, yeah, my handicap is actually
negative 5.
Yeah.
Some real Kim Jong-il shit, yeah.
I mean, I do wanna say that it is kind of an article of faith that Kim Jong-il, like,
sank a hole in one on like, I think it was like every, uh, every hole of like...
18 holes he did.
Yeah.
I believe so, yeah.
He 100% completed golf in that moment.
Yes.
Which makes Trump look like shit, to be honest.
So, another thing we should talk about is the environmental impact of golf.
Yeah, this is all I wanna talk about.
Is it good?
No.
So, golf courses are really big.
Golf requires the most land per player of almost any sport, all of it being very highly
sculpted and manicured.
Here we see the golf club...
Yeah.
Here we see the golf club at Neom.
In the desert.
Oh jeez.
Of course, of course they built the golf club before, like, anything else at Neom.
Yeah, they finished the golf club first.
I will say, the golf club at the line is gonna be a boring time to play through.
So, golf courses are not really a habitat for wildlife, they're pretty sterile.
Uh, golf clubs use a lot of water, but people still wanna build them in deserts and other
stupid places like that.
Of course.
You know, they introduced non-native plants, other invasive stuff.
They use lots and lots of chemicals and fertilizer and herbicides to keep the greens and fairway
clear.
Uh, they're almost as bad as agriculture.
In that respect.
Yeah, but agriculture at least, like, you know, does...
Exactly.
I can't even go with us.
I can't even go with us.
Plus, I think there's a sort of, like, greater aesthetic crime here, right, besides the fields
of alfalfa that I'm trying to eat.
Which is that, like, this is a, like, a...
Like a horse.
Yeah, I'm horse-pilled.
You know, I'm doing it.
I'm going horse-girl mode and I'm eating the alfalfa fields.
Watch that knee!
Watch that knee, Alice!
I mean, like, how do you not perceive this as, like, a kind of, like, especially to play
it in a desert, especially to play it in a desert in Saudi Arabia, as a kind of, like,
fascist impulse.
Yeah.
To be like, yeah, no, this is my little walled garden.
Uh, I don't give a fuck if it's, like, abstracting the water off of everyone else.
I don't care if I've had to, like, dispossess people to build the course.
I want my little, like, perfect manicured garden where I can have this refuge against everything
else in the world, even as the temperature heats up to, like, you know, like 39 degrees
or whatever.
Yeah.
We'll get to that.
Another aspect of golf is that...
I hate golf.
I fucking hate golf.
Another aspect of golf is it tends to attract rich people to it, who complain about any kind
of thing that they feel like, and then you can't get anything done for the environment
in the area, because it'll somehow spoil the golf course.
So, that is another problem.
Hmm.
You get major NIMBYs.
Nationalize, expropriate, turn into alfalfa fields.
Yes.
Another thing is, the urban golf course question.
Hmm.
Sure.
So.
There's a global housing crisis, especially in urban areas.
I've heard of this.
Lots of golf courses are situated in urban areas.
Golf requires a lot of land area for a fairly small number of people to use and enjoy the
golf course.
So, it's a fair question to ask, should we maybe take some of these golf courses and put
them to more productive use?
Yes.
Yes.
Obviously.
Immediately.
I mean, the thing is, you don't even have to, like, make them into housing, right?
There's plenty of other ways of solving the housing crisis.
You can just make them into parks, because you need those too.
You just have to allow some, like, biodiversity and not have a bunch of rich cunts traipsing
through, hurling balls at everything that moves, and dumping fertilizer over it to make it nice
and green and pleasant for them.
Yeah, I mean, the problem is, a lot of these courses are in public parks.
It seems like everywhere that parks were built too big, the designers got lazy, and instead
of building some kind of, I don't know, beautiful landscape with gardens and follies and public
art and sculpture and nice walking paths, areas to congregate, like a central park or a
Rittenhouse Square, or a Meridian Hill Park, they just said, fuck it.
Fill the rest of it with golf.
Sort of like a park overflow.
Yeah, yeah, no, this is the golf part.
Um, but generally it's pretty politically unpopular to remove parkland for private development,
so I think even if you could get rid of the golf course, you wind up, not with, you know,
needed housing or something like that, you wind up with something like FDR Park in South
Philly.
Namely, they just left the golf course fallow when they decided not to maintain it anymore.
Um.
And then once...
Ooh, I like this.
Golf degrowth.
Once nature started really encroaching and reclaiming the golf course, that was when they
realized they needed to turn it into twelve soccer fields instead.
Oh goddammit.
Yep.
Yeah.
Uh, I mean, it will preserve some of the partially reclaimed wetlands, but it's, you know, it's
twelve soccer fields.
Why do we need twelve soccer fields?
Um, this has something that...
For soccer.
It has something to do with the World Cup.
Is it gonna be artificial turf with like the layer of dead worms underneath?
Yeah, we're doing the World Cup or whatever, I don't fucking know.
Oh goddammit.
I think it's a World Cup thing, yeah.
Oh goddammit.
Okay.
Um, Parks and Recreation does seem to think that, you know, if we can't... if we're not
gonna fill the park with golf, we have to fill it with a wide variety of other ecologically
dead things, like soccer fields, or baseball fields, or tennis courts, or, you know...
That's a whole other episode, is like how...
Nothing can ever just be a park, right.
Yeah, you can't really have just a park, it's, you know, it's always gonna be a softball
field, or something, you know?
I mean...
Hmm.
Um...
Well, this is depressing.
Oh hell yeah.
Golf.
Now on television.
Great.
Yeah.
How many times I have to watch this shit on TV?
Too many fucking times.
It's fun.
Just displacing everything else off of the channel.
I'm trying to watch stuff, and it's just like, no, we're gonna watch the...
slow me open at the Who Gives a Shit course.
Yeah.
Weirdly, this is something that has in common with snooker, with billiards, in Britain.
Although, I will say that, you know, I don't object to someone putting a pool table in neon.
Shit should be cool, you know.
So golf is played over a wide area, it's very slow, it takes a very long time to play,
it's hard to see the action, and so somehow is a natural candidate for television broadcasting.
Mm-hmm.
The first televised golf tournaments were in the 1950s, when there were three television
channels, and when you think about it, it was like, wow, one third of the channels right
now are playing golf.
That's only two channels you have left.
Yeah, you could like, watch like... you could watch golf, you could watch like an Eisenhower
fireside address thing, um, or... fuck, what else was on TV in the 50s?
Oh, I love Lucy.
Yeah.
Yeah, so like, or like, rabidly anti-communist propaganda.
The Honeymooners.
Uh...
Mm.
What are these days, Alice?
The first televised golf tournaments were in the 1950s.
Oh wait, no, I already read that one.
Uh, a guy named Frank Cherkinian, who is Armenian, figured out the basics of how to broadcast
golf in an entertaining way in 1958 for NBC, and was quickly poached by CBS for their golf
coverage.
Um, now, he gained a reputation as the Ayatoha of golf broadcasting.
What a name.
Yeah.
That's... that feels pretty racist.
Especially for a dude who's Armenian.
Yeah.
To be like, you know, this guy reminds me of his, like, Ayatollah Khomeini, yeah.
What an Armenian guy was Iranian, right.
Very strict and no-nonsense guy.
Uh, he remained the Ayatoha until the 1990s.
So, the first coverage of golf...
Oh, I bet he was a peach to work with.
Yeah.
When he was replaced by a guy called Frank Cherkinian.
Yeah.
The first coverage of golf had commentators over silent footage, and Cherkinian thought
this was dumb and lazy, right?
And instead, he brought out...
Mm.
...about a million cameras and microphones to the golf course to pick up every damn sound,
and get every shot on the course, and mix it all together live.
Ugh.
Yeah.
So he got... he got cameramen on the ground, he had them in trees, he had them in man lifts,
he had them in blimps.
Um.
And...
Why?
I appreciate the blimp.
Yeah.
I wasn't expecting a blimp golf connection.
I'm also not expecting it.
Gotta have a blimp, yeah.
Well, you never expect a blimp.
The result is, a golf program that was surprisingly watchable.
Okay.
Why the hell that?
Heh heh.
This, of course, popularizes golf further, and leads to professional golfers being household
names.
Um.
Yeah, if you say so.
I can do two of them.
Yeah, that's two more than...
That's what, three or four?
I was pretty...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you...
Mm.
Televised golf is so popular that there's now a 24 hour golf channel that just shows golf.
This is a nightmare.
If you're doing like, seer, like, resistance to interrogation stuff to me, just fuckin' pump
that into the cell or like, oil drum I'm welded into, you know?
Do you wanna say golf at 3am?
Honestly.
Apparently someone does.
I have a safe word, please.
Yeah, make this stop.
I have a family.
Much like Gareth.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
Let's talk about...
Just sort of lying.
Just being like, I have a child.
Let's talk about...
Let's talk about Saudi Arabia.
Golf and Saudi Arabia.
These motherfuckers.
Guess who wants into golf?
That's right, it's those level of scamps at the House of Saud.
Yeah, I mean, famously, the House of Saud, they don't ruin any kind of sporting endeavour
they get into, which is what...
They literally call it sports-watching.
Sports-washing.
Yeah, which is...
And they don't make the thing worse too, which is why, um, the Premier League's so good
right now, and, uh, you know, why all of the players from the Premier League going to Saudi,
like, you know, everyone feels very positively about that.
Uh.
Yeah.
So...
Oh, of course.
Golf and Saudi Arabia were made for each other.
The Arabian Peninsula has reasonable temperatures, ample water, rich, life-sustaining soil, and,
um...
Yeah.
Wait a damn second.
Yeah.
I mean, listen, you get bored of, like, falconry and camel racing, I guess.
Although it doesn't really have the terrain for camel racing, like, they import the camels
from Australia now.
Really?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Australia's like a net exporter of camels.
Fascinating.
Yeah.
You're racing camel, you can't really breed them in Saudi.
So, what Saudi Arabia does have is a lot of Petra dollars ready and waiting for recycling.
The, um...
Mm.
The LIV, which is the Roman numerals for 54, uh, Golf League, was financed by the Saudi
Public Investment Fund with a simple mission.
Poach all the good golfers.
It's the exact same playbook as the Saudi Pro League.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just sort of, like, go in this, like, sort of, uh, like...
Buying binge, yeah.
Collect...
Yeah, exactly.
It's called 54, because that's the score you get if, um, you're one under par on every
hole, I think.
I'm not sure, I don't remember.
Um...
Stupid.
Yeah.
It is stupid.
So, everyone thought this was dumb and stupid, until they started offering players dumb and
stupid amounts of money, and so they all went over.
Of course.
Tiger Woods was offered somewhere between 700 and 800 million dollars.
Yeah, dude was offered a fortune.
But he turned it down, because he has integrity, at least in areas other than marital fidelity
or driving sober.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Have you seen his sexts, by the way?
Oh, you can't, you can't, no, this is a hostage situation.
There's, no, there's a funny one where the girl he's sexting is like, um, what if you're
done with, like, boring golf, kind of playfully, and he doesn't text her back for an hour, and
she's like, oh sorry, I mean, like, the amazing game of golf, and he's like, yeah.
It's just like...
Guy who is extremely aware that no one here is, like, into golf.
Uh, is like, really, really funny.
That's a major sign of disrespect.
That you would say, uh, golf is boring to Tiger Woods?
Come on.
Come on.
Don't do that.
Hey, you know the reason we're here?
I respect Tiger Woods enough to tell him the truth.
I don't.
I don't know.
I don't know.
So, there's a lot of criticism of this league, because it's the fucking Saudis, Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
Yeah, the fucking Fonosal International?
Yeah.
Um, but yeah, the money talks.
The PGA Tour took this big dick stance at first, and sanctioned players who went over
to the LIV.
It was like, oh, our bad, yeah.
Um, but they just capitulated a couple months ago.
Um, and it looks like, effectively, the LIV, the PGA, and the European Tour are gonna be
effectively merged with Saudi domination of the entire goddamn sport.
I hate this shit so much, dude.
You should.
There's a ton of shit that, like, you know, lately in the news where I'm like, oh, you
know, this country or that country is just like, functionally untouchable, it can do whatever
it wants, but it's particularly galling in its own way when it's the Saudis doing it,
because it's just like, fuck you, we have infinity dollars from killing the planet, and
we can do whatever the fuck we want.
Yep.
Uh, and every single institution, every country, every person who runs into this is like,
yep, hook me up to the money hose.
Whatever you want.
Yeah, absolutely.
It's very depressing.
And it's even more depressing, because golf.
Golf.
Yeah.
It's like, we are burning the planet down in order to ruin a bunch of important shit,
and also golf.
Golf.
It's in the movies, folks.
I've never actually watched, uh, I've never actually watched Caddyshack.
How you've never seen Caddyshack?!
I need to get around to it at some point.
Am I being punked?!
You got, uh, you got Caddyshack, you got, um, Happy Gilmore, you got, uh, uh, that's
all of them.
That's all the golf movies.
Am I being punked, you've never seen fucking Caddyshack?!
I haven't seen it.
I've never seen Caddyshack.
What?!
Fucked it.
Fuck this podcast.
I hate this fucking shit.
I mean, I haven't seen it because I don't care about golf.
Justin hasn't seen it because it disrespects golf.
No, because he's never seen a fucking movie in his life!
Uh.
That's why!
He's never seen any fucking movies except for that week he was sad and watched The Godfather's
back to back to back.
That's men's mental health right there.
That's a solid way of dealing with any kind of emotion.
Fucking unbelievable.
I hate this shit.
Alright, fucking...
Fuck, I should watch The Godfather.
Fucking move on.
What's the next slide?
I hate you.
Golf!
It's for gamers now.
Yeah, see, this is the point at which it was over.
Mario Golf was a lot of fun.
Mario Golf was a lot of fun now.
This is the thing, as soon as they invented the first golf video game, golf should've been
over, they should've bulldozed all the courses.
Because like, if you're trying to convince me that there's some quiddity to golf, there's
some essential thing about it, where being outside, being on the course is like, it has
some value and that's why we shouldn't demolish the golf course and turn it into social housing.
You're not doing a great job here.
The second that they invented the golf video game with a bar that goes up and down to determine
how hard you hit the thing, it was over.
Just do that instead.
You're not bothering anyone.
Turn it all into alphalfa fields where I can graze.
Yeah.
Sure.
The sport that seemed like it'd be impossible to render on television turned out to also
work very well as a video game.
Because of the bar.
That's the thing bouncing up and down, yeah.
Yeah, the first golf game was Computer Golf, with an exclamation point, in 1978.
And we've simply gone from there.
Yeah, you...
Lee Carvalho's potting challenge.
Usually it is the thing with the bar that goes up and down, you have to time a button
press.
Or it's on the Wii, where you have the controller and you make the golf swing.
Goes right through your television.
Goes right through the television, yeah.
Or you could, if you have a lot of money and a lot of space, you can get the full kind
of like, sort of little, I guess, batting cage set up thing where you swing the thing in front
of the big TV.
Yeah.
Other times you can play Mario Golf, or Outlaw Golf, and there are fun power-ups.
Mm-hmm.
Yep.
Other times you will play a boring normal golf game.
Or...
Yep, you can play, like, Tiger Woods Pro Golf...
And Cheating Simulator.
Whatever.
Yeah.
You could play Sid Meier's Sim Golf, where you build the golf courses and other people
play on them.
What was Sid Meier cooking back in the day?
Sim Golf.
Because there's some bangers in there.
Well, apart from Sim Golf, you know?
The possibilities are endless.
Yep, and that's why the real thing should be ended.
You know, full baudrillard, only Simulacra from now on.
But...
I'll buy that.
...you may have heard this great sales pitch, and are asking, what if you want to touch
the grass?
Can you, yes you, enjoy golf?
Nope.
Nope.
Don't.
We advise you not to.
We threaten you not to.
We'll...
We'll beat your dutts off.
No safe words here.
Let's go.
If you want to get good at golf, it's a bit of a time investment, but plenty of golf
clubs offer golf classes, club rentals, and so on and so forth.
Most municipal courses don't even require any kind of membership.
Some of them are even really nice, with the bar and the restaurant and everything.
Or you can enjoy golf-like experiences.
Topgolf.
Also like the near beer of golf.
Topgolf, yeah.
You can watch me humiliate myself for two plus hours.
Yes.
Do like a proletarian sport, go bowling.
One such golf-like experience is the driving range.
So.
What if you don't have time...
Okay, this one's maybe kinda cool.
Yeah.
What if you don't have time for a full round of golf but you want to hit some balls with
a stick?
You go to the driving range.
You buy the balls and you hit them.
They're like, big, like, sissy ones that are like, fully enclosed.
Just, yeah, if you wanted to like, you know, be like, hey Alice, we're going to the driving
range.
Okay.
Fine.
That sounds like a fun time.
Hanging out of the driving range.
Hitting the ball.
Well, no, that was a practice swing, actually.
You suck at golf, by the way.
I don't suck, that was a practice swing.
Not you.
I was reading from the notes.
Yeah.
There's distance markers so you know how far you went, and targets to aim for.
They're usually surrounded by a big fence or a net, in case you hit a real dinger.
But you're not that good.
You're not that good.
No.
Some of these are bare bones facilities, others are really big ones with like, a whole
country club-like thing attached.
Some of them are going to bring you like, food and drink while you're hitting balls,
right?
Some of them, and this is always fun, some of them are two stories high.
So you can get hammered drunk next to an unfenced 20 foot drop.
Topgolf, baby.
Yeah.
Okay, this sounds like a fun time.
Topgolf is fun.
I suck at it, but Topgolf is fun.
Yeah, I like Topgolf, it's fun.
You like sitting on the couch watching the people.
I like doing what now?
You like sitting on the couch watching everyone else golf.
I like getting drunk!
I kind of need someone to take me to the big multi-story driving range.
Come to Philly, I guess.
Big Tesco driving range.
Mmm.
Yeah.
This is good for taking a few practice swings or just hanging out.
Another...
Or getting drunk while everybody else does it.
Another... type of golf is... ooh, mini golf.
Ah, again, proletarian.
This is work at golf.
I love mini golf.
You know?
Mini golf is good.
Uh, mini golf was first mentioned in the Illustrated London News in 1912, and essentially, mini golf
is just the putting green.
What?
No way mini golf is that old.
Mini golf's pretty old.
Um...
That's crazy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And mini golf is just... it's just the putting green, and it's a weird putting green.
So... maybe it has a windmill.
Or ran a mini golf course and started a dynasty by forcing all her siblings to work there with
her.
Huh.
Which is incredibly funny to me.
Um...
So yeah, maybe it has a windmill.
Maybe it has a loop.
Maybe it goes on two different levels.
Maybe it has a tunnel or some kind of crazy water feature.
Um...
Hmm.
You know, and mini golf as we know it began in the 20s, uh, with the sort of old-fashioned
holes we now know and love.
Uh, you know, with, like, the lighthouse or... yeah, the windmill, so on and so forth.
Um, today there's actually, like, amateur, like, international mini golf tournaments that,
like, all use these sorts of old-fashioned...
Who's the Tiger Banks of mini golf?
Tiger Banks?
Tiger Banks?
There are!
Yeah, I guess so.
Transferable skills.
Well, you know, Tiger Woods implies Tiger Irons and Tiger Wedges.
Oh, that's true.
Yeah.
Tiger Putter.
I think would be the case in this case.
Yeah.
So, you know, the...
But yeah, so you got the old-fashioned kind, which are these sorts of standardized holes
which are used in competition, and you have some of the newer ones where there's a little
more creativity in the holes.
You might have, like, uh, something that's themed, um, like you might find in North Carolina
Outer Banks.
Uh, I like those.
I like the ones with the weird tunnels and the weird water features.
Um...
Me too, man.
Yeah.
You might have a lot of money.
You might have a lot of money.
You might have a lot of money.
I mean, at that point you might as well...
Yeah.
...we'll, you know, sort of, like, demand its expropriation.
Right.
Yeah.
That's probably the smarter thing to do, but we're not doing that, so...
What else are you gonna put at East Potomac Park?
Come on.
Park?
Well...
Yeah.
Yeah.
...we'll, you know, sort of, like, demand its expropriation.
Right.
Right.
That's probably the smarter thing to do, but we're not doing that, so...
What else are you gonna put at East Potomac Park?
Come on.
Park?
Well...
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll park.
Yeah.
Shut the fuck up!
Which leads us to the kicker.
We have to make a decision.
Golf.
Good?
Or bad?
Bad.
Damn.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Mad.
Sad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Yeah.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
Bad.
We'll, here I am, alone in the pro golf camp.
Bad.
Bad.
I said bad but fun.
I'm alone in the pro shop.
I was on your side, dickhead.
The pro golf camp is right, yeah.
Putting out, like, fucking...
Scarred towers.
Oh, you were gonna be rehabilitated, buddy.
In the pro, in the sort of pro golf camp Lulag.
Yeah.
Wow.
What did we learn?
Uh, stick to video game golf.
Or a driving range.
Or mini golf.
I think they need to have a large version of mini golf.
Mega golf.
Macro golf.
But bigger.
The ball is a bowling ball.
Yeah, you hit like a boulder.
I'd watch that.
You have a boulder and an excavator.
I'd watch that.
Yeah.
Yeah, me too.
Alright, we're done.
I gotta go again.
Yeah, so do I.
Bye everyone.
Bye everybody.
Number two.
The known way through the middle of this museum.
And the next room at feman.
Oh, the nature is sitting there.
From here is you walking out.
And always, you know, in there's a movement of project.
There is a Hermione with a marSonze.
