 Hello and welcome to Punta Vista. It's a bonus episode and this is the intro that gives you Alice in Wonderland Syndrome. That's right, you have just been infected with Alice in Wonderland Syndrome or AWS, also known as Todd's Syndrome or Lilliputian hallucinations. This usually presents with the distortion of a person's body image, including the size of the head, hands and feet. Patients can also experience hallucinations and a feeling of time passing by either slowly or quickly. And holy shit, have you seen your hands lately? Those things are huge. Everyone's pointing at you and saying how weird you look. It's kind of fucked up how big your hands are. Look at them there on your steering wheel. You should start freaking out right now at how big your hands are. Everyone is staring at you. With you is a friend with the biggest nudist feet you've ever seen. Check out the toes on those bad boys. It's Andrew. Hey Andrew, can we peep those little piggies up on the dashboard? We can. It's going to be really unpleasant because I do have Alice in Wonderland Syndrome, but it's like the one that makes me look like the CGI characters from the Tim Burton Alice in Wonderland. Oh yeah, they look fucked up. It's even worse. I look like the guy from Little England who was the two egg men. You know what I'm talking about? I don't think I've seen it. I've had a really tiring week. Like Tweedledum? I mean Tweedledum. Yeah, okay. And it's the bald guy from Little Britain playing both of them, I believe. And they look all mutant and fucked up. Each one of my toes looks like one of him. That's right. Also with you is the tiniest man you've ever seen. He's got the head of a little baby. The hands of a little baby. But uh-oh, he's normal sized in just one area. That's right. We're calling him Mr. Normal Nuts. It's Theo. Hey Theo. Isn't it weird that your nuts are normal sized, but the rest of you is so tiny? I'm going to take the good with the bad. No one has ever said that they're normal. So this is going well. This is a joke thing, right? Like I heard this in high school. I don't know. I came across it today. My mate's mate took drugs and he tried to dive under the oven. And like, you know, and then he was cooked and they had to like cremate him because there wasn't enough left of his body or whatever. Like this is a joke thing, right? Like it doesn't, it's not a real. I feel like this is just sometimes how you feel if you'd like take mushrooms. Yeah. Like they were so small or little or something. Yeah. Not to my experience though. But Theo, are you suggesting that it's more of like a California cheeseburger kind of thing? Like a hippie getting too high on marijuana and cooking their baby in the microwave? Yes. Yes. This is like a, sounds like this is what drugs do kind of thing in high school because you don't really know that like what it is to actually do. You don't know yet that drugs are just normal. Yeah. It's actually like pretty uncool that you're not taking them. Yes. To be honest. Everyone else is doing it. Why the fuck aren't you? Yeah. Grow up. Grow up. Don't you want to fit in? Don't you want to be accepted for once in your life? Yeah. You know? Yeah. And all you have to do is take recreational drugs. That's right. And do something. Under pressure. You don't have to take them all at once except for the first time to prove that you're cool. Yeah. Especially if you can't feel anything, take another. You don't want to not be feeling anything. Mix uppers and downers. Yeah. Because that would be very weird. I'm just looking at this. Like, is this real? And the first result that comes up in Google is from the Cleveland Clinic. And Cleveland Rocks, as we all know. Alice in Wonderland syndrome is a brain-related condition. Yeah. Based on so many things in life. This is a brain-related podcast. Yep. Yeah. Is that like a, you know, he said it's all in your head. I said so is everything. But he didn't get it kind of situation. Like, yeah, like everything's in your brain, man. Yeah. Yeah. Shadows on the cave wall. You need to be alive to perceive stuff. It's true. Yeah. And the shadows are really big. Shadows are freaking me out. You're so little. Yeah. I'm so small. Finally, I'm here with a man with the world's biggest, juiciest ass. Yes. Yeah. He's dragging around that booty wagon. He's making it clap on Instagram. He doesn't have Alice in Wonderland syndrome. He just got back from BBL surgery. Hello, Ben. How are your cheeks holding up? Well, I mean, they're not really holding themselves up. I might've gone a little overboard, but those surgeons will not say no if the request involves giving them more money. I feel great. You look great. You look great. It looks natural. It looks really, really natural on you. I don't want to say, like, I would never want to undermine sort of like the trans experience. And as a cis person, I don't think I've ever felt sort of like dysmorphia before with my body. But I will say right now with this big, juicy, and I'll say it, sexy booty, I feel fucking fantastic for maybe like the first time in my life. I didn't actually realize there was anything wrong until I got the booty. You're just glowing from within. You're so confident. I'm realizing what's been missing this whole time. See, I'm worried if I got someone to put a dump truck back there, I'd get like three days in and go, you know what? I'm really an itty-bitty booty committee member. This doesn't speak to my soul. Having like enormous cheeks that like rapturously clap. Not what I'm about. I think you're supposed to kind of start with like maybe just some injections. Maybe get your ass smoothed out a little. Just some of like those little chicken fillets in there. And then you'll get a taste for it. And then you'll work your way up to like the full. It's like suddenly you don't know what a normal ass looks like anymore. Yeah. Because you're so used to seeing yours. You become like that lady that turned herself into a bobcat because you've kind of lost all track of what you're supposed to look like. Yeah. Except it's Ben turning around and looking at himself in the mirror with his like two basketball-sized cheeks and his little shorts going, I feel tiny. The lady who turned into a bobcat. The lady who turned herself into a bobcat. I think that should give you a bobcat? Turned self bobcat. Was it a bobcat specifically or just a cat cat? I don't know. Man, really? That doesn't give you any results? I don't know who you're talking about. Is it not a bobcat? Plastic surgery cat face lady. I'm just Googling cat surgery lady. There she is. Jocelyn Wildenstein. Jocelyn Wildenstein. I always thought specifically bobcat. I don't know why. Just a regular cat. Yeah. Okay. Regular cat. She looks like a lion. Yeah. You know, good on her. Nothing funny to say about that. No, not at all. Hey, getting radical surgery to alter your appearance, to make you look more like how you feel and how you deserve to look. That's good, clean fun. And we look at stories that are just good, clean fun in a segment that we call good, clean fun. Now that's some good, clean fun. Jesus. This comes to us from- I'm not going to put a spin on that one. No, I didn't think it needed any juice. It came juice loaded. Pre-juiced. Oh, I love it when it's pre-juiced. Seth, you've done it again. One of our psycho listeners who wants to make like a techno acid jazz remix of that or whatever. Please. Mailbag at puntavista.com. This comes to us from KFOR in Oklahoma. Pet tortoise missing over two months found 100 feet from Oklahoma home. Yeah. Sprinting the whole way. Now that's just good, clean fun. That's just good, clean fun. He walks really slow because he's a tortoise. Because he's a turtle. So he's really close by. What if though, let's- Hey, let's get serious for a second here. Yes. Please. What if the tortoise was trying to get away from a Texas Chainsaw Massacre type situation? You know? In a locked in house- This better be going somewhere. Why? There's a corpse, you know, like sitting in a chair at the end of the table. Everybody's acting very reverent towards it. They're putting food in front of it. They're screaming and shrieking and waving around machetes. Tortoise finally gets loose, makes a break for it, sprints as fast as he can for two months, and then somebody just picks him up, puts him back in the Texas Chainsaw Massacre house. How would you feel then, huh? Are you thinking sort of a house of a thousand tortoise situation? Fuck. No. Okay. After more than two months of searching, an Oklahoma woman's pet tortoise had been found only 100 feet from home. Where were you searching for the other two months? Fucking idiot. Other side of the house. Outside? Outside? In late August, Cherry Zaidi put her two African spur tortoises, fondly named Phineas and Ferb, outside their Piedmont, Oklahoma home, as she usually did. She explained that she would normally check on them every couple of hours. But, as Zaidi explained, she got stuck on the phone that morning. You reckon that means she was on a phone call or like, she's scrolling, she's on TikTok. Yeah. She's on the phone, TikTok. No, I think she's on a phone, but it's like one, it's a house phone. It's a little curly cord. Yeah. She doesn't reach far enough to get to the tortoises. Yeah. She got the extra long one. She got the extra long one. She can get around the kitchen island, you know, and across to the light switch on the other side of the kitchen, but she can't get around the whole property. She can get far enough kind of holding the headset on one shoulder to get to a piece of paper and pen if she needs to. Wait, let me write this down real quick. Yeah, I've just got to jot this down. Now, if you're under 30, you probably don't know what the hell we're talking about. Yeah. Phones used to be stupid. She could hold the corded phone in between her shoulder and her head for long enough to stab her second husband, Todd, through the head. Through the head, yes. The big metal arm, you know, while she lies to her stepson on the phone. Only, it's not really her stepson. She's a robot. Correct, yes. Yes. Now phones just destroy your life. Yeah. Yeah, all the time. I updated. I got a new phone the other day because Maddie upgraded her phone, so I got a hand-me-down. I've moved from the iPhone 8 to the iPhone 13, but for whatever reason, when I updated it, Twitter doesn't work anymore. And I've gone, hey, you know what? I'm never going to fix that. And now I don't have it on my phone anymore? Yeah. Holy fuck. So you got it on browser. You got to log on to type it? No, I can use it on my computer to advertise my various events and the podcast and such, but I'm, you know, post screenshots to the Brisbane UFO spotting group. But it's great. You're free. You've been free. I keep opening it up. I keep going to open it up. Yeah. And then being like, oh, it doesn't work. And I put it down and go, I'm going to read my book. I'm going to keep reading Blood Meridian. And I do. Yeah. I've tried that a couple of times, like in the past. But the thing that would keep coming back to me was the like community and the friends that I had on there. And obviously, you know, being able to promote the podcast. But all of that's gone away now. That doesn't exist anymore. So you open it up. It just kind of sucks now. Yeah. And it's just, it's, it's just Nazi diarrhea coming in through your handset. Yeah. And so you go, oh, no, I don't actually need that. Yeah. You put it down instead. And I close it and I open Instagram and I scroll reels. Yeah. That's good for my brain. That's good for you. Yeah. It's pictures and it makes you go, wee. Yay. This lady did a crazy dance. This dog does the wildest thing when it's hungry. Oh, this cat is gagging when someone rubs their finger over a comb. Have you seen that one? No. No. Get a regular, regular old, the kind of comb your dad would have and go, apparently it makes cats go. Can you try that later? I'm going to give that a go. I'll try it. I'll try it on the cat that can hear. Yeah. Good. Good start. By the time she could go look, Ferb had played a shell game. Fuck you. Yeah. Shut up. We'll do the jokes, pal. The tortoise shimmied its way under an area of their fence before turning tail and taking off. That's a very good mental image. I'm back on board with this guy. Yeah, I like that. That's nice. Shimmied. It does kind of make it sound like the turtle went through backwards. Yeah. Or sideways? Well, if it's going to turn tail, it's like doing a 180 and running away, right? Yeah. Get your spatial awareness in check, author. Yeah, I'm actually with you. I think Ben was wrong to like this guy. We've turned on him again. Quote, I searched everything. We drove around in circles, Zayde said. Very small circles. Tiny, tiny little 90 foot circles. Just donuts in the cul-de-sac out the front of the house. Phineas and Ferb had lived with Zayde's family for nearly four years. In December 2020, Zayde's husband drove to Tulsa and brought them home. Quote, he came home with them in little mailboxes and a tank. Everything I needed to get started, she said. Like a Sherman? Yeah, I believe so. Anyone Abrams? What are we talking about? People from Piedmont came in to help with the search. It had been nine weeks and four days with Ferb by the time her husband, I guess without they meant maybe, by the time her husband noticed what he thought was a clump of grass about 100 feet into a field behind their home. That is, until it moved in a Ferb-like fashion. You know how he moves? How big are these turtles? African spurs. Is this still like a little guy? It's got to be little. It's tiny, surely. I'm thinking like cantaloupe-sized. Quote, he couldn't hardly get the phone dialed to tell me about it, Zayde said, recounting the moment. It was such a relief. Zayde came home when she heard the news. Just like that, they were reunited and it felt so good. Quote, it has been a long, long road and I sure did miss him, Zayde told next to us KFOR. Actually, it hasn't been a very long road at all. Less than 100 feet. 100 foot long, yeah. Oh no, these things, these are big tortoise. What? They weigh 36 to 50 kilograms. Is that right? African smear tortoises? Oh, I thought you meant like a little guy. This is a big tortoise. It just fucking left. Holy fuck, yeah. These are massive. How the fuck did you lose this? How did you lose that thing? You didn't look at all. Really? You tried to abandon them, is what you did. Yeah, that's what happened. And then when it came back, you're like, Oh, I don't know where it is. This is the size of a St. Bernard. Yeah. This turtle. Oh my God, there's a photo of him in the backseat of a car. Oh my God. Wait, no, that's a different set of tortoises. Sorry. Apparently a lot of Americans have pet tortoises. Yeah. This is like, also, if you're the kind of person that's just like casually leaving your tortoises out in the front yard, maybe you shouldn't own an enormous tortoise. Maybe. I don't think that a tortoise is a thing that people should own. I think I should own one, but I don't think anyone else should be allowed to have one. There was like more than one time when I was living in Honolulu that someone posted on like the next door page from Manoa, like, oh, someone's tortoise is in my yard. Like, is this anyone's tortoise? Come get your fucking tortoise. It happened multiple times. Get this fucking guy. Posting photos of African spur tortoises having sex in the group chat now. Yeah. And they're all different ones too. There is a significantly large number of unique tortoises having sex. I'll link those in the show notes. You won't find anyone more excited about fur being back than Zayidi. Quote, I can't explain to you any of that, she said. It's just a big relief. Intangible. Intangible the benefits of having a big tortoise in your home. Yeah. So those pictures are actually really funny. Like the front on one where she's like bent over, arse up, and he's like. Can we make that the episode up, Ben? Get it out if we can. It's shocking. I'm going to make it the art, but it's got to be square, so it'll crop out the lady tortoise and it'll just make this weirdly upsetting. The man tortoise looks like that, like, joke. Man tortoise? The joke character that's like a new metal kind of guy from Overwatch. Do you know the one I'm talking about? Doomfist? Doomfist. No, is it Doomfist? What is wrong with you people? The one with the two. No, no, the one with the two guns. I hate fucking a guy called Doomfist. X, X. Oh, Reaper. Oh, Reaper. Fucked by a guy called Doomfist. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. That's a Reaper tortoise. Gotcha. Yeah. It looks like Reaper. That was embarrassing for both of you. Yeah. Zaini said she's taking extra precautions around her yard to ensure that Phineas or Ferb doesn't escape again. Big offenses. Trenches. Moats. Check in once a day with your tortoise. Tiger pits. They will die before they escape. Yeah. Maybe just like do a proper look next time instead of like a half-ass look. Fix the hole in the fence that your fucking huge turtle can go on. You're going to almost like Galapagos-sized tortoise. Tortoise. Fuck. Have some pride. You shouldn't have a hole that big in the bottom of your fence anyway, you know? Yeah. Come on. I'd be very curious to see if this tortoise gets out again. And if it does, that would be something that we would look at in, oh shit, it's an update to an old news story. But for now, it's time to look at an update to a different old news story in a segment that we call, oh shit, it's an update to an old news story. Oh shit, it's an update to an old news story. This is an update to an old story. An update to a story we talked about in episode 366, Morgan City Dreams of Shrimp. This is from KLFY in Louisiana. Another festival caught selling imported shrimp as golf shrimp. Fucking dogs. Execution. When will they learn? When will they learn? Especially now they know that we're on this beat. Yes, now that they know that the eight eyes of Bunta Vista are looking at it. Zoning in on them, burning a hole in them. To an international audience. On a bonus episode. A guy putting a label that says golf shrimp on top of this big thing full of ice and shrimp and he just suddenly, oh, shiver goes down his spine. Who's watching? We are, pal. Wise up. It feels like I'm being held accountable. The Morgan City Shrimp and Petroleum Festival was recently in the spotlight for selling imported shrimp. The same consultant group who genetically tested the shrimp continued their investigation at the National Shrimp Festival in Gulf Shores and found the same situation. It was the same guys? Same guys. Different annual shrimp festival. Love this. I thought they could just get away with it by just going down the street. Are they touring the country doing this? That sounds super fun. Yeah, you never know where they're going to strike next. It's a road trip movie. Two guys in a briefcase size shrimp testing kit staying in shitty hotels. One of them's messy. One of them's neat. One of them's gay. One of them. He's thinking about it. A few more accidental like, oh, there's only one double bed in the room situations. And who knows? Yeah. One of them's got the biggest BBL you've ever seen. That's right. Oh, massive BBL. Six pack of ice cold Schlitz. I only got one bed. Let's see what happens. CD Consulting tested five vendors. Now, I checked this because last time they tested five out of 12. Now, it turns out the National Shrimp Festival in Gulf Shores is actually substantially bigger than the Morgan City Shrimp and Petroleum Festival. So, it's really locked to the kind of labor that they've got going there, right? They can do five max, it turns out. Yeah. But they tested five out of 50 at the National Shrimp Festival. It just doesn't seem very statistically rigorous. No. Right. Rigorous. That's less than 50%. If you can work out. If that is statistically sound, let us know. Yes. We want to know P-values. Yes. We want to know. I think it's just the P-value. I don't know anything about any of this. P-values. No, no. You got it. You got it. R-zones. Of the five, only one had authentic Gulf Shrimp. Rouse's supermarket. God bless them. Good on you, Rouse. Didn't we, like, didn't this whole thing seem like a bit of a scam from memory? Like, it sounded like a fake set of equipment. I mean, there was an air of dubiousness about their testing equipment because they used some weird language about peer review, I think, was what you took Umbridge with last time. Yeah. Okay. And I think we sided against them because we naturally go for the underdog. Yeah. Okay. Because we're kind of good people. We saw the hard work in shrimpers. And shrimp mongers. And we thought, you know what? Fuck these big city shrimp testers. Fuck Rouse's supermarket. Yeah. You didn't want to side with the professional narcs, right? Yes. I bet Rouse's supermarket brought him in. He said, hey, I'll tell you what, you test me and four other guys, that's half an hour of work for you. You guys go back to the hotel, do whatever it is you would do it over there. Spend the night together. Yeah. Free time. Free evening. I booked a room for you, but it's only one king bed. Is that okay? Case of Schlitz? You drink this? You can ask your friend about his ass surgery. Like, I mean, like. I'm just pretty curious to see what it looks like without the pants. Can I touch it? I just want to know how they feel. Did you bring any shorts with you that you could put on? No, you didn't? Well, I mean, we could go without the shorts. Yeah. You know, that's fine. We're all friends here. We've worked together for a while. I have one request. How many shrimp have we tested together? You know? We've tested dozens of shrimp together. We've tested so many shrimp together. It's like we know each other really well. We're basically family. We've explored the world of shrimp identification. You know what else we should explore? Each other's bodies. Each other's bodies. I tried to find that gif of Wolverine dropping the flag. Oh, it's beautiful. Is it a flag? It's a towel. It's got to be a towel. Why would he be holding a flag around his waist? Well, I didn't know if it was like, look, I don't know. You got me. I can't explain it. Why would he? Just quickly, on this humble but very important podcast, can I level an unfounded accusation at Rouse's supermarket? Oh, you'd like to libel them or slander them? Slander, I guess, because it's... I'm going to suggest that not only did they call in the shrimp feds on these other guys, but I reckon they obtained like a single real golf shrimp in a Ziploc bag and they were like, It was a plant. Here's mine for you to test and now go get them. You know? Yeah, these guys are getting paid at every festival. Yeah. You slip them 500 bucks, you say, book me a hotel room, get me a case of something. I want the jacuzzi room, one bed, and then bam, you provide your own golf shrimp. I cannot stress this enough. One bed. Make it small. Make it double. Small bed. The smallest bed you have. The biggest jacuzzi, smallest bed. If there are two beds in there, it's very important that you get the staff to put them together and put one big custom fitted sheet over the top and we must maintain the fiction that the beds cannot be separated. Do I make myself clear? Yes. Or I swear to God I'm going to come down there and test every fucking shrimp you've got. Maybe it's like a threat. These guys come in. If you don't get me the biggest bed and the coldest schlitz in town. Yeah. I'm going to come down there and make your life a fucking living hell. But you do a little something for me. Hotel room, big jacuzzi, tiny single bed, case of ice cold schlitz. I do something for you. I make all the other shrimpers look bad. I make you look real good. Everybody wins. I make you look as good as my colleagues in that big bed every night. I think this is definitely what's happening. I think we've cracked it wide open. All three of the other testers calling their wives, yeah, we've got to go out again. I don't know. I don't know. It seems like we've got to test more shrimp than ever before. It's shrimping season. But it's important work. Have you seen my little shorts? Such important work. Yeah. Littlest shorts. I won't need anything to sleep in. I don't think so. It's pretty hot. Pretty hot in those. Yeah, we'll probably be up in separate rooms. Yeah, there's got to be more than one bed for sure. Separate rooms, multiple beds, no jacuzzi, no schlitz. Have you seen my arseless sleep shirt, Diane? Have you seen my midriff sleep shirt? I'm going to be wearing a high peekaboo crop and nothing else. That's just my regular pajamas. I always wear this. You know I run hot. Maybe if you paid more attention to me, maybe you would have noticed what I wear to bed. I get cold shoulders and a hot, hot ass. I'm thermoregulating. I think it'd be really cute if every time they checked into the hotel and got into the room, they all went, there's only one bed. I can't believe this. Put the hands on the hips. Oh, not again. This always happens to us. Well, we better hit the hay. We've got to test a lot of shrimp tomorrow. 5.30. Let's all crack open a schlitz and crawl into bed. Can't be too careful, you know? You've got to be well rested. David Williams, owner of CD Consulting. This guy's going to see some D. Did you know about how this was spelled last time? We did, yeah. Capital D. Yeah, capital D. Check out. It's not seed consulting. Although these guys will be doing a little seed consulting. They will. We'll be seeing some D. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, they're penises. Because these guys are going to have gay sex because that's the narrative we've constructed around the shrimp testing. Seems like that narrative comes up a lot. Like a lot of times when we make a narrative. It's like, why are these guys going to be gay with each other? That's really strange. I wonder what that's about. You know what it's about? It's about wanting people to live their dreams. It's about wanting people to open up their hearts. My dreams. See what's in there. Maybe what's in there is climbing into a great big bed with Tony and Steve and Jeff from CD Consulting. You know? Yes. I'm tossing and turning. Oh, it's so hot. I throw the sheet back. No one's wearing pants. Jeff, you have been hitting the gym. Tony, you clearly went to Turkey because something is going on with your ass. I noticed that you're strapped into the exoskeleton from Aliens to hold your big ass up off the ground. Okay. Oh, dude. You got the suit from Elysium with the muscle exoskeleton. That's awesome. What are we doing here? It's just scaffolding around fucking upper thighs and ass. Oh, I'm sorry, Theo. Was this too much of a digression for you? You've decided to draw the line here. I know you're very impatient to get to the other news stories we had. The Elysium BBL scaffolding suit was too much for you? That's just ridiculous. No one watched that movie. I think we watched it for the podcast. I've watched that movie a bunch of times. I've watched it multiple times as well. Well, don't worry. Don't worry. Because every time Neil Blomkamp puts out a new movie, you can go, ah, this one's looking better and better by comparison. You know? Yeah. Yes. Quote, we have a brand we need to protect, William said. And it's not only about brand. It's a community. It's a way of life. Yes. So he's saying he's doing it for the shrimp lifestyle. He's doing it for the culture. For the shrimp people. Shrimp folk. And the shrimp culture's been overtaken with fake shrimpers. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Outside shrimp. They just want to pretend. They want to pretend they want to. Shrimp getting bussed in from the next state. Whose shrimp is this? Yeah. Are they my shrimp? Yeah. Someone come get their shrimp. Joe Biden is transporting illegal shrimp across the border into our fine state. Experts say local shrimpers' way of life is being threatened by misusing the cachet of golf court shrimp. I hate that way of life. That's fair. Yeah. It is their way of life. Shrimp. Literally what's happening. Yeah. How are we misusing the cachet, though? Well, because you're giving it. People are buying it based on the cultural cachet that local shrimp has. Oh, the cultural cachet, not the physical cachet. You're thinking like a cache. Yeah. Yeah. Some shrimp they got stored up. Yeah. Hey, want to buy some of these old shrimp that I've had in storage? Open up my shrimp cache? Shrimp cache me outside. What's stopping golf shrimp selling is the fact that restaurants, a lot of the time, deceive people into purchasing product, which is not what they expect it to be. William said. Okay. Can I make a potentially controversial statement here? On this podcast? What if the perception of the shrimp was all in one's mind? Yes. People are clearly saying, oh, I'd like some golf shrimp. And they are being shown a large quantity of some shrimp. Other shrimp. And they're saying, great. Damn, the shrimp good as hell. You're doing Cypher's speech from the first Matrix movie. Hey, it tastes like shrimp to me. Yeah. My brain's telling me that it's a juicy, delicious golf shrimp. I know it's not golf shrimp. And yet I fucking love it. Yeah. Aaron Williams, CEO of CD Consulting, said when restaurants and festivals intentionally mislabel their internationally imported shrimp as shrimp from the Gulf of Mexico, they harm consumers in the industry. Are they harming consumers? Because then you think, oh, that shrimp was shit. Yeah. And then you're poisoned against it forever. I think this genuinely sucks. Like, it probably does mean that people are just buying less local shrimp. Less local stuff. A lot of people are losing their dreams and stuff. And the shrimp harvested into, like, poorer conditions with, like, fewer kind of regulations and standards and stuff. And it's already, like, probably, like, one of the most detrimental industries there is. Like, industrial fishing. And back to the riffs. And the jokes are flowing. Aaron said restaurants are notorious for even creating merchandise that categorizes them to have local shrimp. But in reality, they're lying to their customers. Oh, is it illegal to lie? Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes. In most cases, I don't think. That's very funny, though, to have a shirt that's just like, O'Sullivan's locals only shrimp. The shrimp is local and we only serve local customers. That's how local a shrimp is. Yeah. And I'm raising my eyebrow and unpacking my briefcase. I said, oh, what local did you say? Well, what if I ruined your life? I'm going to fucking destroy your entire world. Unless big hotel room, tiny bed, single, big jacuzzi. Exoskeleton for my body. Two cases of Schlitz, bottle of schnapps. Oh, a Schlitz and schnapps? One pedestal fan. No working air con. S&S cocktail. Change your life. You just drop a shot of the schnapps into the Schlitz. Yes. And then you go, boom. And then you'd scull it down and you go, oh. Just kind of a New Jersey thing. It's going straight to my head. Schlitz and schnapps. West New Jersey only. We're from New Jersey. I can't even hold on to this towel. It's 5.45. I've got to go get in my big bed in the hotel room. You guys coming with me? Double schnapps and Schlitz. And now I'm feeling a little light-headed. I could make so many mistakes tonight. Perfect mistakes. We could go out, but there was some good-looking stuff on the room service menu that I saw when we checked in to our room. You remember how we were all surprised that there was only one big bed in there? There's three Arachinis and three of us. Doesn't that just feel right? It doesn't feel right. There's always three Arachinis. It's a stupid amount of Arachinis. I'm sharing it between two. What do I do with the third one? Do you want me to fucking cut an Arachini in half? Yeah. It's fucked up. It's fucked up. What am I going to do? Are we going to try and seduce a third so that we have a third person to eat the Arachini ball at the end of the night? Be like, I was like, we're not going to fuck. I just wanted you to eat that Arachini ball. CD Consulting told 10 News they plan to visit some restaurants across the state to put them to the test next. Who's paying you? Where is the money coming from? Qui Bono? Who is funding CD Consulting? Qui Bono? Qui Bono? We ask. Who's buying the hotel rooms? Qui Bono? Su Bono? They're getting money from this. This is not a government exercise. No. Something's got to be funding it. They're getting a little something on the side. They're getting money from deep shrimp. The costs are adding up. The petrol. The hotel room. The cases. Well, the hotel room. You should be saving money. Adding up very slowly. Yeah. Very thrifty on the hotel room. Thrifty. What's the cheapest room you have? Yeah. Two beds? Oh, don't worry about it. Quote, the people that are doing the right thing will be promoted, David said. And the people that are doing the wrong thing will shoot them with a gun. Yeah. We're going to shoot them with a gun. We will get that silent shotgun from whatever. No Country for Old Men. No Country for Old Men. That's right. I could not find that name the other day in my brain for like 20 minutes. Anyway. You're just reading entire poems by T.S. Eliot? Yeah. I want to say. T.S. Eliot. Yeah. The people doing the right thing will be promoted. The people doing the wrong thing, they've got to come back to our hotel room and we will figure out an appropriate punishment. Yeah. We will give a percentage away of the restaurants in each community that are, in our opinion, serving product that is incorrectly labeled. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What do you mean? You are marketing yourself as a consultancy. You're saying that you are doing testing. You can't just drop the word opinion right at the end there. This is activism. Yeah. What do you mean in our opinion? Yeah. Yeah. Holding up like, you know, a little test tube and the water turns blue and you say, hmm, the vibes indicate that this is not a golf shrimp. Yeah. It doesn't work. And I am drawing my katana. It cannot be sheathed until blood has been. If you live in one of these communities and you have any strong opinions about local shrimp versus international shrimp, we would love to hear about it on the Buntavista hotline. And here's something that came in to us from the Buntavista hotline. 1-800-317-515. That's the Buntavista hotline. 1-800-317-515. That's the Buntavista hotline. You can send us an email. Mailbag at Buntavista.com. Maybe DM us on Twitter. You could even message Facebook. We don't really check the Facebook app. 1-800-317-515. That's the Buntavista hotline. 1-800-317-515. That's the Buntavista hotline. This was sent in to us by listener Jackson, who says, hello, parasocial friends. Hello. Well, we've spoken out, so I consider us social friends. Yeah. I consider us not friends, but lovers. I don't know you. I don't know you, but we could really get to know each other. You know? We can't do that with this. We could become soulmates. Yes. Listening to the most recent episode. This is in reference to the Ben and Theo episode that just happened on this very weekend. Not the episode you're listening to right now. Don't get confused. Don't freak out. Don't jump out of the moving car. What you're listening to right now is the most recent episode. This is in reference to the second most recent episode. Episode 369. Everybody's working for the Jeep, Kent. And yeah, it's rough. Listening to the most recent episode. That's a problem for you? Haven't had it? Very hostile atmosphere today. Listening to the most recent episode, I found out that you just discovered the DuckDuck Jeep phenomenon. Yeah. I'm sorry that wasn't on the fucking forefront of our radars. Yeah. We're already well aware of what's happening in the Jeep community. Can't talk to your soulmate like that. Calm down. Sorry. It's very hot today. While I find this to be one of the stupidest things ever, clearly other people love it. And I'd like to share an anecdote with you about it. I believe Ben said he wished for this to happen with other types of cars. And well, you should be careful what you wish for. I don't recall wishing for it. I believe I speculated about it. Don't put fucking words in my mouth. My dad recently got a Subaru Outback. And one day when he came out from the grocery store, he found a weird note on his car along with five rubber cows. The note explained how some lady liked his Subaru and is trying to get a Subaru version of DuckDuck Jeep to catch on. No. She is calling this Moo Moo Subaru. Needs work. Yeah, that is no good. Needs work, babe. Last I heard, my dad gave the cows to my six-year-old brother to play with and totally forgot about this whole Moo Moo Subaru deal. So I guess it's not catching on. But for about four days, all my brother would talk about was Moo Moo Subaru. Anyways, Ben, you will eventually get what you wished for. Thank you. Jackson. That is... You'll get what you wish for, Ben. Can I focus on the more important part of the letter here? How old is this person who is listening to our podcast, understanding concepts like DuckDuck Jeep, yet you have a six-year-old brother? What's the age gap there? What's going on? Did your dad remarry? You never know. Oh, I don't... I got a 10-year-old brother. Dude. Or was it like one of those... I got a 10-year-old brother. Isn't that fucked up? I know fucking nothing about your life, actually. The fact that you were like... I'm finding this out for the first time here. Oh, okay. I don't know if this is... This is probably fine to say on the podcast. When you discovered that your sister is dating Andrew's cousin? Yeah. Completely independently of either of them knowing anything about either of us? What the fuck? Just saw the guy was following Andrew and I was like, who the fuck is that? The whole fucking world's so fucked up. It's so fucked up. Unbelievably weird. And also, I just never heard you mention having like a sibling in the however many years we've been doing this. I've got like half siblings. I've got half siblings, you know? I got halves. They're still... They're full siblings to me. They're full siblings to me. If you put them together, how many do you have in total, though? You know? Are we talking top half, bottom half? Four. You have eight half siblings? Yeah. Eight halves. Holy fuck. I've got two fulls and two halves, so I'm only looking at three. I've got one full. One full. Mr. Normal family over here. Oh, he's Mr. Normal. My parents are together. My parents love each other. They're very kind. I've got one sister, but my parents are divorced, so... Anything can happen. Yeah. You can be the person with a six-year-old brother. Anyway, I hope that the circumstances of your family that we're speculating about are just like normal. Not troubling to you, personally. Hey, maybe you're 16 and you listen to this show. In which case, you will be bullied if you start copying shit from this. Because we are choogy. We are choogy. Chogy. Do not talk about this at school. Do not call things choogy. I know you guys probably already went through this yourselves on the episode, but I'm just reading about Jeep Duck. Oh, you didn't listen to the episode? I've been really busy. I went to Adelaide. You were in Adelaide. Things are pretty crazy. There's so much to do there. How can you fit it all in in one trip? Yeah. I mean, you probably spent the whole time at Harndorf. Harndorf, yeah. What's it called? Yeah, you get down to Glenelg. Didn't go to either of those places. Did you go to Coulonards? Didn't go to those places. I thought she said she went to Adelaide. Been ducked today. That's what one of the stickers says. Been ducked today? Oh, with a question mark? Yeah, I was just looking at the website for the Duck Duck Jeep. Doesn't even fucking rhyme. Okay, you guys can continue catching up at your own pace. Yeah, okay. I'll just sort this out. Oh, you think every podcast listener has listened to every episode in sequence? We're trying to identify with some of the audience right now. Maybe this is someone's first podcast. Maybe they went straight to the Patreon. Yeah, they love us so much from our online presence. They decided, you know what? I'm going to start paying for this podcast I've never listened to. These guys seem like a... Cool gang. Yeah. Just a great bunch of people. The best episode of Budda Vista will end in a fist fight. Hey, speaking of ducks, sometimes euphemistically, if someone is very lucky, we'll call them a lucky duck. Is that a euphemism? It's not really, is it? No. Well, I didn't put the stinger on the board, but it is time for Mr. Lucky Duck. He's Mr. Lucky Duck. That's one. Lucky Duck. Great. I'll fix that in post, maybe. From WGHB in North Carolina, North Carolina man wins $1 million after finding $20 on the ground outside convenience store. All right. Damn. That is the lucky duck. He's a lucky duck. He found $20. How much luckier could he possibly get? I'm the guy who turns up and is like, I'm taking you to court. I lost $20 earlier in the day, and that's my lottery ticket. Yeah, that's a fucking $20 note. Prove that it's not my... It's a burden of proof is on you. Prove that it isn't my $20. A $20 bill lying on the ground outside a convenience store led Jerry Hicks of Banner Elk to a $1 million scratch-off win, according to an NC Education Lottery news release. You know what? Sounds like you're on a roll. Bet that $1 million again. Double or nothing. Let it ride. Go into a casino near you. Put it all on black. Put it all on black. You're Mr. Lucky Duck. You're Mr. Lucky Duck today. You can't lose. You're Mr. Lucky Duck. You can't lose. You can't lose. You can't lose. You can't lose. I'm Mr. Lucky Duck. Man, you've got to think about how shit the day Mr. Unlucky Duck is having. Like the opposite person of that day. He lost $20. Crapped his pants when he was trying to propose to his wife, who's cheating on him, by the way. Got into a car crash, accidentally killed somebody, judgment against him, million dollars in debt, you know? Yes, and a $20 note fell out of his hands. Caught in the breeze. I found $20 in the parking lot outside the Speedway, Hicks said. I used that to buy the ticket. I believe that's the name of the convenience store. The Speedway. The Speedway, yeah. That's cool, actually. A master carpenter took the $20 and walked into the Speedway on North Carolina Route 105 in Boone on Tuesday evening and bought an extreme cash scratch-off. Extreme. Extreme. Quote, they actually didn't have the ticket I was looking for, so I bought that one instead, he said. Wow. Wow. He's a Mr. Lucky Duck. You know who else was a Mr. Lucky Duck master carpenter? That's right. I don't know if he had such a great day after all. Yeah. You can't judge everything by the day or two or three or whatever that he was nailed to. By the last day that he was on Earth, except for the three days later when he came back. The walking on water one was probably a pretty good day. Yeah. He's probably hooting and hollering. One thing I've never really understood is he comes back, but it's like the elevator doors opening on a floor that he's not stopping on. Yeah. He's like, hey, I'm still going up. And I'm out of here. I've got... Listen, guys, I've got 20 minutes. Here's what you need to put in the New Testament. Yeah. Oh, I've got to go. I've got to go to heaven. Hicks said he knows the first thing he wants to do after he claims his winnings. Quote, we're going to head straight to Golden Corral and eat everything they've got. Hell yeah. Fuck yeah. This is so much better than the guy that bought a truck. Awesome. This fucking rules. Yeah. That's a fucking... That's a great thing to do when you win a million bucks. Like, it's contained. Yeah. It's like you don't have to worry about what you're spending because now you've got a million bucks. Like, fantastic. Don't just go straight to buying a 120 grand Ford F650 or whatever. Yeah. Or like buying the McMansion from that documentary. The Queen of Versailles, whatever the fuck that was. Yeah. I'm going into Golden Corral and I'm getting plate after plate of golf shrimp from the buffet. Yes. Eating one and saying, that's not a golf shrimp. Throwing it straight in the bin. They threaten to charge me more and I don't care. I've got a million dollars to get through. Is Golden Corral an all you can eat kind of deal? It's an all you can eat. Ah. That's crazy. This is such a good, like, I'm suddenly rich thing to do because it can't really spiral out of control in a way that, like, you know how. Yeah. You kind of, to like, to make yourself feel good about your lot in life, you kind of have to believe that everyone that wins the lottery ends up miserable. Like, that they think they're better off. I don't have to believe that. Okay. Well, I do. That's how I get through life. Well, I project that you're insane. They end up sort of, like, cursing themselves in a way that the wealth goes all to their head. It ruins their personal relationships. It does a bunch of shit. Would you like to win the lottery, Ben? Oh, I'd be able to find a way to spend a tiny one million dollars. It would never happen to me. It wouldn't happen to you. You would know it's your mom. Not unless you were Mr. Lucky Duck. Maybe I am Mr. Lucky Duck. Maybe you are Mr. Lucky Duck. I think of you Mr. Lucky Duck. But I think most people that win the lottery end up, like, ruining themselves financially or something. They do. Or, like, fucking it up real bad. Like, a year later. And, like, all of their social relationships start to, like, if they win, maybe not with a million bucks, but the guys that win. Like a billion. When it's, like, a billion dollars. Yeah. When it's, like, the Powerball Express or whatever, you know. It's, like, jackpotted or whatever. To, like, $32 million. Like, enough that they can live their own life forever. But also, like, completely fix a bunch of other lives. And then all of their, like, friends are like, hey, man, I've been doing it real tough. And, you know, it destroys, I mean, everything around them. You know, it's almost as if the dollar bill holds some sort of malevolent power over us. It's sort of like the ring. Yeah. Oh, hey, everybody. The one ring. The one ring. Big news announced by Golden Corral is the return of their popular all-you-can-eat baby back ribs and wings. Perfect. Perfect. That's great. That's a great day. Perfect timing. Perfect end to a great day. I think you can't, this is the rough point I'm making. You can't ruin your life by having one crazy night at Golden Corral. Yeah. Or even, like, one night a week. Yeah, for a while. Because your belly will get full. Man, if you- And then you've got to go home. If you won the lottery and you go to the Golden Corral in Banner Elk and it's like Friday night and you know what Golden Corral is like on a Friday, it gets a little silly in there. Everyone's been working hard. And you go, you gesture to the Golden Corral maitre d'. Say, hey, hey, Tony, come over here a sec. I just got something I want to say. Everything's on me. Tonight, I pay for all of it. Buffet's on me, folks. Everybody goes, woohoo! Throws their plate up in the air, smashes on the ground. Staff look very upset immediately. You want to be discreet with it. You go, shh, just tell them when they go to pay the bill. And then the first person finishes their meal. And the waiter goes, hell, that's on that fella over there. Holy fuck, I wish I'd stayed for longer. Yeah, that's on the fella over there with the jacket from Drive. With the solid gold cowboy hat and the actual Drive jacket. It's not a replica. It's the one from the movie. That's the one. It still smells like Ryan Gosling. What are you guys doing if you win a life-changing amount of money? Because I'm tinkering. My life is now tinkering. When you say life-changing, because like, look. I'm going to Golden Corral. Oh, fuck. I'm hungry. A million dollars. I don't get that much out of all-you-can-eat buffet. I'd like an omakase, maybe a bolognese or something. Omakase were the one where you eat off a naked lady? No. It's just ladles of bolognese all over her? Ow, ow! It's chef's. Ow. Oh, it's like a chef's table thing, right? The chef decides for you. Yeah. I love a bit of that. Yeah. Just, can you clarify for me, Theo, please, how you are quantifying a life-changing... Let's say 10 million bones. You never have to look again. I think a million is pretty life-changing. I think a million is solidly life-changing. Look, look. Yes, of course it is. It is, but... Not enough that you can go crazy and do whatever you like, I guess. Well, you're in the States. I could go so much crazier than I'm going now. You're in the States. Go to the dentist. Ooh. Yeah, yeah. You get a million bucks in the States and, like, half of it goes on tax, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, you're talking, like, 500 grand, you know, maybe you get to, like, put a deposit on a house or whatever and then... No, I'm talking enough that you never have to work again. Okay. I'll probably keep working. Because I'm doing my projects. I love both my jobs. Do any projects? I'm buying a lot of records. I'm just doing projects. I'm doing my projects. I've got to say. I'm building model ships. Yeah. Yeah. It'd be so dope to just sit and build your little ships all day long. In the drive jacket. I'd make Biosphere 3 and otherwise my life would be completely unchanged, I think. Go to the dentist, Biosphere 3, get my car serviced, bam. Yeah. I think I'd just self-fund myself, like, a horror film that I wrote that's, like, going to be really bad. You guys could star in it if you like. Weren't you working on a screenplay? Yeah. It was bad. I'd make that. Yeah. Great. Are you going to do one of those now copyright free, like Winnie the Pooh or Pinocchio or Mickey Mouse horror movies or whatever? Oh, yeah. No, that shit's fucked up. Sort of the faraway tree of death. Yeah. Yeah. I've been going to the dentist and that shit is going to cost me so much money. It's so expensive. It should be free, man. Anthony Elbow Grease. Oh, they pulled one of my teeth out. They pulled one of my teeth out. He's got to pay for his condos or whatever somehow. Yeah, he's a $4 million fucking house. Yeah. But, hey, at least his Qantas lounge membership is free. Yeah, politics. Politics. We're doing it again. Woo! Woo! I got a fucking molar taken out last week and I'm going to have to have an implant put in. That shit is going to cost me six grand. Oh, my God. You got left or right? I would just say leave a blank in. You can just leave a blank or is it like you can't leave a blank? My problem is that that would be my third blank. Oh, buddy. Okay. I am missing a molar on that side already up the back. And now with the molar that just came out, there's like no overlap between any of the molars anymore. So, I just like won't be able to chew on that side of my mouth. Oh, no. We're not doing great dentally on this podcast. I got to say. Fucking not. I'm really committed though. I'm really committed. I, um... Yeah, because what happened last week was I went in and I was like, hey, I'm here to see you about this very sore side of my face and everything. And he's like, oh, yeah, this is the tooth where we like did a root canal and stuff on you. And you were meant to come back in and get a crown on it, finish it off. And you didn't come in. And that was a bit over two years ago. And that's it. Time has a way of slipping. Yeah. Time keeps on slipping into the future. If you don't go, then they don't have to pull your teeth out. Yeah, that's right. It's kind of a life hack. I'm so scared about what's going to happen when I go in. Well, he was looking around. He was like, I got to do the implant thing. I got to get a crown on one of the other ones. And he was like, look, keep coming back in. We'll fix this other shit up. But there's like four or five other teeth where we got to fix some things. And like, that's what I'm going to have to do to get to the point where my mouth isn't just fucked. And it's going to be... You should just go to Turkey and get veneers. Yeah. Let's all get veneers. Let's all go to Turkey. Put a Vista Turkey tour. BBL veneers. Veneers. And crazy teeth. Man. I'm going... Get a bulk discount on a lift and shift on our teeth. I'm going like a tasteful C cup. I reckon. I don't want anything crazy. But I do want... You look so good with a C cup. I don't want to kind of... You know, it's you. It's your... I just think... You're an understated guy. Yeah. I want something tasteful where you're not like, Jesus Christ, check out those. But you do have those little moments where you're just sort of scanning the room and then you go, oh, shit, Jesus Christ. Right. Okay. Keep looking. Those are pert. Yeah. Maybe I want just a nice pair of Sydney Sweeney's. You know? Classy. Classic American Sydney Sweeney's. Everyone wants a nice pair of Sydney Sweeney's. This podcast... I'm just curious. What size cup do you think Sydney Sweeney's? Yeah. I was going to say, you're talking about the hottest she is? Actually. Literally no idea. But she's a very skinny person with... They're large for her frame. That's true. I don't understand how they... That means she's going to have a bigger cup. Yeah. We don't need to talk about this at all. Wait. Is the cup size relative to the other size? The cup size is relative to the number. When they say like 44DD or whatever, Ben. Those DDs are bigger because the 44 is bigger. No. If the 44 was smaller, then the Ds are bigger. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just going to drop another picture into the chat, by the way. Ben, maybe you want to take another shot at that estimate. I don't know. Stop making me look at those. Let's not guess. Let's not make... Let's not speculate about that woman's body. Sorry. I'm just back to looking at all the turtles, fucking. Great. When Hicks arrived at Lottery Headquarters on Friday... Full circle. Christ. It's like the tree of life. Four hours long. When Hicks arrived at Lottery Headquarters Friday, he had a decision to make. He could choose to receive the prize as an annuity of $50,000 over 20 years or a lump sum of $600,000. He chose the lump sum of $600,000. Yeah, brother. Yeah. So a million bucks. I've flamed at Thurs. You're only losing $400,000. $150,000. That's long. Well, they're just making interest on your money. Yeah. Yes. Oh, and they're still going to tax you on the $50,000 payouts, right? Yeah. Take a lump sum. You invested. Because it's like different brackets or something. I don't know if they've got... Bitcoin, brother. You should invest in something smarter like... Black. Put it all on black. Like Golden Corral where you go in and take as many buckets of shrimp as you like and then you go out and you sell those as Gulf shrimp. Make yourself a tidy profit. Close your eyes. Picture the scenario. You walk in with one $1 million payout. Put it all on black. Yes. That's one game you get to play. Imagine if you got to pay $50,000. Put it all on black. Put it all on black every time. Every year. Once a year. You get to do that once every year. And that means you're going to win 10 times. 10 times. Statistically. Every time. This was definitely an episode of the podcast. Bonta Vista. Thank you so much for going along on this crazy ride with us. Thank you so much for joining us on the bonus episodes. We love receiving money from you and doing this with you in a more intimate setting. We have like, I think, 2,000 people pay for the Patreon. Probably about 500 of those people listen to these episodes. So, it's nice. It's like a small. It's kind of like our little hotel room. Our little slice of paradise. One really big bed and 500 of our closest, juiciest friends. A little slice of heaven. Two little S and S's. 500 of the wettest bussies you've ever encountered. Okay. And we'll see you on the main episode. Stay safe out there until then. Only take chances that you really think are necessary. But otherwise, no risks. We want you to keep paying us money. Yeah. We'll talk to you real soon. Bye. Peace. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.