 Hello everybody, welcome to this bonus episode of TF. Bonus? Uh-huh. It's fucking bonus. Bonus episode of Australian Trash Future. Yeah. Look, based on the accent, Milo just did. You know, in Australia, the Trash Future bonus comes out one day of the week, which is the opposite one from us because of the Coriolis effect. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's right. Fucking cactus tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. In Australian Trash Future, I'm trying to keep everything on track. Riley's trying to derail everything and you're somehow exactly the same. You operate in the same distance from the mean. In many ways, you could say I'm the pivot of Australian Trash Future. I'm sort of like the equivalent of Geelong. Much as Geelong is in Australia, November is the pivot of the show. That's right. She's an honorary Pivotonian, I think. I like to think so. Yeah. Look, I wanted to take a look at a Google alert that I haven't looked at in a little while, right? Look, are we going to talk about all of the depressing stuff like the resurgent fascism and the sort of crumbling state? Of course we are. I assume so. Yes. In a segment we'll be calling, oh, Struth. But we're going to start with some sick cunt before we get to the dog cunt. That's right. There's two kinds of fucking cunts in this world. You got your sick cunt and then you got your fucking dog. Australian Pink Floyd, like, how can you have any sick cunt until you finish your dog cunt? You got your fucking rack cunt. They're calling it the podcast you can listen to on your commute without headphones. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, in Australia, you can. Yeah, it's fine. Oh, yeah, completely neutral. They don't. They play over the announcement system in the train. Yeah, that's right. This is considered very G-rated. As Australian British Transport Police be like, see it, say it, sick cunt. Yeah. Like, actually, you're going like, can you please stop listening to that podcast out loud on your phone? I actually find it quite offensive. And they say, what the fuck did you just say to me today? I'm really taken with Australian British Transport Police. Like, there was already a nationality in it, but I wouldn't change it. It's just a bunch of British guys. It's the Australian BTP, of course. Yeah, we've moved in a transcoordinental fashion. They're 61016. 61016. Weirdly, November, what you're talking about is, remember how they remade Total Recall? The basic. Yeah. No one remembered the first. Well, thank you. Well, no, they thought they did. Yeah. The basic structure of Total Recall is that, like, the one area of the world left that's still good is England. And the one area of the world. It's like the inverse of reality. Yeah. It's in the one area of the world where, like, all of the unpaid labor lives is Australia. And then, like, every day you get, like, a space elevator, or the opposite of a space elevator, like an Earth's core elevator through Earth to go to work from Australia to England. In which case, the Australian British Transport Police would be working in the terrible remake of Total Recall. Perfect. Okay, so that's... It's a real thing. As you pass through the middle of the Earth from, like, Australian ground space into British ground space, there's, like, an announcement, like, when the flight goes over Iran and they have to stop selling alcohol. But it's like, it's like, you may now stop saying cunt. We have entered British ground space. All right. British ground space. What a concept. Well, we're going to be talking about some of that later. Now, I have some news from Australia. I assume nothing else has gone on there. Yeah. Well, millions were glued to the TV to watch the Aussie Rules final last Saturday. Probably if they glued them all to the one TV in Australia. Australian jackass. It's a nightmarish existence. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like Event Horizon. You're watching it on the prank itself. Yeah. A crowd... Oh, fuck, that's me! Glued to the one TV in Australia. Yeah. A crowd of between 20 and 30 friends and family gathered at an industrial estate... Wait, they couldn't be bothered to count, and it was between 20 and 30 people. It's not like 3,000 to 4,000. It's like, ah, there were between 5 and 10 people. They're not going to be bothered to count. It was a couple dozen. It gathered at an industrial estate in the city's southeast as a Holden Commodore driven by an expectant father performed donuts engulfed in blue smoke. Gender reveal? What are we talking about? People say that children were playing only meters away while their parents and guardians filmed the stunt on their phones. The 29-year-old driver was fined 584 pounds for his trouble, and the car was impounded. That's... That's... I mean, they're not a horrible price to pay for your gender reveal, you know? Like, doing kind of, like, that kind of positive criminology where you're like, if a fight... If the only punishment for something is a fine, it's legal for rich people. So it's legal for rich people to do gender reveals. The hoons have to work twice as hard. What you can do, basically, is you have to... And I think Darren Lyons would do this. Get a, like, Rolls Royce and then hoon it with, like, pink smoke in the tires. Yeah. That is pretty... That's legal. It says, Senior Sergeant Philip Hulley said, It's all a bit ridiculous. What's wrong with just buying a cake? Oh, the kids these days, they don't even want to buy a cake. These people are often more interested in the amount of likes they get on social media than the consequences of their actions or the gender of their child. I love when a cop is obliged to say that Facebook bad. That's one of my favorite things. Yeah. Genuine. Yeah, like, the door for taking, like, the responsibility for your actions is, like, no queue. The queue for likes on social media is, like, 4,000 people. 4,000 people. Well, 4,000 people, all of whom have been mown down by a gender reveal hoon. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Get rid of the trolley problem. What about the hoon problem? Yeah, well, the hoon solution. Birth certificate. Everyone hoons. Homocracy. Father's profession. Mahoon. Yeah. Anyway, look, I wanted to start by checking out our friends down south. Now, we're going to talk a little bit about some of the Britain that's been going on. And, of course, I found a company that I want to talk about. No. So, a little bit of Britain first. No, no, that's the problem. Quite a loss of Britain first. Too much, many would say. Thank you very much. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Channel 4, are you listening? Yeah. So, the prisons minister, James Timpson, you know, the- Yeah, from the keys and the shoes. Yeah, the asshole from the keys. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Who are you and how did you get in here? I'm a locksmith and I'm a locksmith. Received a letter three weeks after the general election from a Palantir executive who said that the firm was one of the world's leading software companies and been working at the forefront of AI. AI. Palantir was in talks, in the letter that they sent to Timpson, the MOJ and the prison service about, quote, how secure information sharing and data analytics can alleviate prison challenges and enable a granular understanding of reoffending and associated risks. I love a granular understanding. About this prison challenges thing, right? I was under the impression that the prison challenges that there are were because we locked so many people up and then we didn't spend any money on the prison. Hmm. Well, that's part of it. Is Palantir proposing to do anything about that besides just give us a bunch of your data? Well, what they say, what they say is advanced software that is always advanced software. It's never just software that automatically integrates data could provide a single constantly updating source of truth for prison capacity across the UK, helping maximize the use of finite prison spaces. Yeah. But the thing is, though, they're not maxing out on prison spaces because they're not counting the number of prison cells correctly or efficiently enough. They're maxing out on them because we put too many people in prison. And then although we've determined to do that, we haven't built or expanded any new prisons. So all the prisons are full. That's not something that you can fix. It's pretty simple, really, when you think about it. Too many prisoners, not enough prisons. Yeah. Some would say that this is not an advanced software problem. Actually, quite a basic hardware problem. Yeah. Yeah. It's what they said. To answer the questions, are there no prisons? Are there no workhouses? I guess. No. Yeah. Well, they impressed James Timpson, though. No, they really aren't. The executives of Palantir came down to James Timpson's office and they said, look, we'll prove to you that we have a lot in common. You get out a set of keys and we'll identify each one of them by smell. That's our little party trick. So any case, any case, right? As you say, November, right? This is something that the UK has been struggling with, partly because, yes, the only policy response that a lot of our elected officials seem to be interested in pursuing is crack them down, lock them up, throw away the key, you know. Yeah. Crackdowns, lockdowns, various, various kinds of downs. Yeah. Various kinds of downs. Getting into American football next. Smackdowns. Yes. Yeah. And. Hoedowns. The prison service hoedown. Horrible vibes. Yeehaw. A bit of country fiddle music coming through. Yeehaw indeed. You're a James Timpson's hoedown. Now, the Palantir say, advanced software that automatically integrates data can provide a single, constantly updating source of truth for prison capacity across the UK, helping maximize the use of finite prison spaces. Now, obviously, Palantir wants to get its hooks into everything. One. Number two, they have a lot of friends in the labor government, like frontbenchers, which we'll talk about in a moment. But also, like the thing that they're planning on doing is being like, hey, what if we had a kind of live reoffending rate calculator for everyone in prison? And then so you can maximize the use of your prison cells. Once they're reoffending rate calculator goes down low enough, then we can just recommend you release them. They're going to do like transfer deadline day. But for prisoner releases, it's going to be like, and it's a violation of license. But for who, Chris Kamara? Right. And so again, like what would that be like from the perspective of someone who, for example, is in prison and wants to leave? Oh, it just it just means that like some Californians, some crypto fascist Californians with an app are now determining whether or not you get parole. Crypto in every sense of the word. Well, quite. Yeah. And they say, oh, we're going to aggregate data to act on trends, factoring in drivers such as income or addiction problems and so on. Right. Again, it's OK, well, we've we've got a kind of precog that we get. We say, oh, that's going to make recommendations that people are going to be able to act on. We all know how that actually works. Now, that's not really the core of what I want to talk about here. Right. That Timpson didn't respond to the letter and his non-response should be the end of it. However, Palantir is so many huge boosters in the Labour government, not just in the form of West Streeting, if you recall, called opponents of its rollout at the NHS, conspiracy theorists, but directly employed as lobbyists or just fully employees of Palantir in the case of Peter Mandelson and Lord Tom Watson, the man who will not fucking go away, respectively. We are stuck with all of these people until either we die or they do, aren't we? The most jacked man in the House of Lords until they make Joe Wicks a Labour peer. Oh, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. It'd be really funny if he became like a Lib Dem or something. Yeah. Reform Joe Wicks. Him and Ed Davey doing like Mr. Motivator aerobics like for the next election. God, I mean, any of the first person who realizes that they can get like a positive headline by making Joe Wicks a lord because the people who write the headlines have the brains of dogs. I'm so upset by realizing that's going to happen. We've just we've just given them this idea for free. Wait, wait, wait. TM, TM, TM. You've got a page. I shoot for if you want to make Joe Wicks appear. Yeah, that's that's a real kind of like mob mentality. We're engaging as you. Joe Wicks kicks up to us. That's right. He's the first podcast peer. He doesn't know who we are. He just knows that he answers to us. Joey. Joey. He's got a he's got a fat wife, but he's fucking working on it. He's got her on an exercise plan. Oh, yeah. So Tom Watson, whose book The House, which I have read and I think I'm the only one who's read it, by the way. This is a little bit of like, again, this isn't so much pointing at hypocrisy as grim irony. So, of course, Tom Watson's thriller. Remember the taught, sexy thriller written by Tom Watson, co-written by a real author with him. Not enough uncle stuff in my view. Yeah. No, zero uncle references. But it's about selling like the MacGuffin of the book is about selling NHS data to a third party that will use it responsibly rather than like the stand in for Cambridge Analytica, which will use it irresponsibly. Yeah. And Tom Watson's I can't have a MacGuffin. I'm on a diet. Famously. And of course, the day is saved by the power of bipartisanship. So Palantir has otherwise been on a charm offensive across the labor benches, sending letters to Douglas. Did you go to Neom or not? Alexander, Rachel Reeves, Peter, Kyle and more. With the funny thing is here, though, of course, how did they get their hooks in Tom Watson? Well, it's now been revealed, which is that while he was an MP, while he was like deputy leader of the Labour Party in the like, you know, Diane Abbott harassment cadre, he accepted half a million pounds in donations from a man called Max Mosley, who was an F1 racing businessman. Oh, yeah. Yes. Amongst other things. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I think we remember Max Mosley. Yes. Yeah. I mean, no one from that family has ever done anything weird. Well, Palantir's UK arm is run by his nephew. So we've got the uncle stuff. We finally got the uncle stuff. Finally. Say hello to my uncle. Say hello to his uncle. Say jawohl to my uncle. Good tag to his uncle. Yeah. Finally, though, some canonical nepotism. It's rare that you see it. Yeah. The rest of the stuff is just it's just sparkling favoritism. Yeah. But, you know, true nephew, uncle. This is nephew. This is nephew. This is nephew shit. No. Palantir's UK arm is run by Louis Mosley, his nephew, and of course, the grandson of Oswald Mosley. Of course. He said to the times. Naturally. Yeah. Fundamentally, what Palantir provides is very powerful and potentially very dangerous. We will therefore only work in countries that are subject to the rule of law and Western aligned. Watson says, oh, what do you mean? I'm just look, I'm just advising Palantir on how their software can help improve public services. But again, like we know what they want, which is they every single bit of this country, they want to basically become so indispensable to like be as the machinery of government, like the literal like data machinery of government that no one can get them out without like making the country fall apart. It's like fucking Japanese knotweed. Yeah. Is how I understand that. It's so dumb. It's like you're the government. You can just, you can just get people to do this stuff. Like if you want, if you want data on prisons or whatever, like you have civil servants, like you can just get civil servants to do, you can just like use the money that you would pay Palantir. Well, that's the thing though. The civil servants are woke, whereas Palantir is not woke. Yeah, Palantir is, to be fair, you can't keep Palantir of being woke. That is true. So, and this sort of leads me quite tidally into my next segment here, which is farmers, which appears to be the thing that's going to happen now. Uh-huh. Yeah, we've, we've had our own like, uh, trucker convoy thing. You know, the sort of like new contour of the next upcoming reactionary movement has taken shape, which is a bunch of very, very ruddy faced men in jodhpurs and barber jackets sort of congregating in central London and milling about for a bit. I've got a brand new set of grievances. Yeah. Did you, did you see the guy, the farmer who sang, I've got a brand new combine harvester and then Rachel Reeves like taxed it or whatever in front of GB news as camera crew in the most uncomfortably staged thing. No, but that is awesome. We were trying to create a rich man North of Richmond in Britain and it failed because it doesn't work. So this is also we, when we talk about what I'm following on from the previous segment and of course is what you're the government, why can't you govern? Why can't you accept the power of the state? We know why they can't, right? But this is also now where people in the UK and the labor front benches now seem to be panicking because they don't know how to deal with Elon Musk because Elon Musk is decided that he was interested in Brazil for a little while, but that kind of got boring for him, right? Cause he's like, okay, well I'm done with that. It's kind of, it's really funny that he has this roadshow of which country's government he's beefing with and then he just kind of shifts it to the next one. Yeah. Like the, that kind of contains the answer, right? Because if you're asking, what do you do about Elon Musk? The sort of most plausible answer is wait him out. Yeah. The problem is non-English speaking countries will not hold his attention for very long. That's the issue. So we have to make him Australia's problem. Oh, okay. We have to kick him over towards like Canada or Australia. We need to get him angry about Hoon. No, he has he to be in support of the Hoons. The issue is right. Of course, is that I think what's now pretty much inevitable that the UK is the place that Elon Musk is going to be most interested in, right? Because it's so sorry, everybody. And you know, our, our prediction pretty recently of the looks like Elon Musk is just going to be the Elon Musk of UK politics. You know why he's, he's, he's so interested in this is because we've had this cottage industry for the longest time of pumping out like various cranks who then go to the US and say, Oh, it's, it's terrible. What's happening in my country, which yearns for freedom to Jordan Peterson or to Joe Rogan or whoever else. And then, you know, that gets through to Elon Musk and he's like, it's crazy what they're doing in the family courts or what they're doing to farmers or whatever. Jeremy Clarkson on the Joe Rogan experience going in, in, in, in Starmer's Britain. If you, if you have a, if you have a scrap of land and you try and leave it to your children, they'll throw you in jail, they'll hang, draw and quarter you. And Rogan's like, yeah, man, like Clarkson, the Clarkson angle was, was really funny to me because he said when he bought his farm that he was doing it as a like dodge on inheritance tax. And then when he was asked about this at the protest against the like inheritance tax changes was like, ah, don't ask me about that. You know, I, I changed my mind. I've been, I became an authentic farmer in the like two years. It's like a Hallmark movie where like the city slicker woman like has to go back to her hometown cause she's been dumped by her boyfriend and she's like, I hate this piece of shit hometown. But then, then she meets like the, the local fireman who she vaguely knew in high school and she sees that actually, you know, hometown people, they're kind of nice. He literally, he made the Amazon show of that functionally just with like old man instead of like young woman. And we're now like expected to take that wholly at face value, you know? Though I want to mention a few things about this, right? Cause we've got a few threads is number one, Elon Musk is fully on board with now campaigning night and day against the Starmer government, uh, to which I say, let them, let them fight, have fun. Really, really funny to have like your nemesis, your real enemy be Keir Starmer. Like I don't even hate Keir Starmer that much because he's so nothing. It's like picking a fight with a blancmange. You'd be like, this, this motherfucker is like the next Stalin. Meanwhile, he's in parliament, just kind of like wibbling. Yeah. So it's in band, you know, how Elon Musk is doing this is by talking about, oh, they're, they're fighting against farmers. What's going on in the UK? Supporting that. Like, um, you know how the government made that busy box for people to like, you know, put petition, petition things inside it. Oh yeah. He's been out to all of 200 people in the UK have called for a general election. Uh, I can't do a Musk, but you know what I mean? Cool. I mean, Kemi Badenow was at PMQs yesterday saying, uh, you know, what about this petition then? As if any of it mattered. Why? But also like, if you're her, why not? Like, and also if you're the Starmer government, what you're going to do about all of this is have a reset in your first year, which is awesome. That's how you know it's going super fucking well. Every hundred days gets to be the first hundred days. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, it's, it's like soon, like what's going to, then it's going to be a 90 day reset. And I think, and in like three years, I'm just turning into a burn Gorman here. We're going to have a double event, two resets in one day. New prime minister every hour. Yeah. This is actually how musical chairs was invented was they tried to do cabinet reshuffles on Keir Starmer's schedule. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There should be like a Stalingrad rules in the labor party where it's like one of you have been handed the prime minister's briefcase. So the rest of you have been handed empty boxes when the prime minister is killed, pick up his briefcase and become the prime minister. Sort of a deal or no deal at Stalingrad. I, I mean, of the stuff that I'm worried about the, the like Stalmer ministry doing this helps a lot if this actually happens because like, you know, West Streeting isn't going to like ban being trans because he's going to be like in charge of the foreign office in like two weeks time. And then the ministry of defense two weeks after that. And then all the stuff, all the bad stuff that they actually want to do is going to be tasked to someone who has just been thrown the red box two weeks ago and left to get on with it. And we'll shortly be shuffled into another ministry. A member of the public who was ennobled by accident while walking near Downing Street. Like a bewildered, a bewildered Spanish tourist has been handed the Department of Health and Social Care brief. I finished my pint, find the king's shilling in the boss and I realized I am now minister of health. You've been impressed. Yeah. Fuck. I just wake up after a night of heavy drinking near Westminster and you're just, what the fuck? Where am I? What? Why am I in Denver 11 Downing Street? Getting absolutely twisted and waking up as minister of justice. Keir Starber comes back from Pyongyang and suddenly there's a troop train full of crack North Korean ministers being shipped into Downing Street. We can't get them off the internet for some reason. Yeah. We're just cranking hog in the cabinet office. Hey, lots for Tories to do. They're from a one party state. They don't understand. They just say everyone cranks hog in the oven. And in North Korea, like some kind of like old school Cold War era street joke where it's like the North Korean guy watches PMQs and he goes, oh, I didn't realize you guys had a one party state as well. Oh, fuck. Yeah. Yeah. So this is on the one hand, right? There is it through this, like these like mechanisms, Elon has decided that this is the wedge through which he's going to involve himself further in British politics. And not just Elon. This is the big, the thing, the wedge that's being hammered in, right? Is look what Rachel Reeves is doing to these innocent farmers, you know? And there's the thing is, right? It's like tragedy and farce at the same time, right? In the same way that a lot of the like Canadian trucker stuff was right in that these guys are like obviously ludicrous. Um, the narrative is obviously ludicrous, but this does have the potential to lead to something genuinely quite dangerous that will also be the stupidest political event to ever happen. I speak here of the, to my mind, non-zero risk over the next four years of British January 6th. Oh. Seeing a bunch of guys in barber jackets milling around in the House of Commons. And then either it contains this perfect tragic comedy where it's like a bunch of them bumbling around throwing manure and hay over things, but also they just execute every Labour MP they can find. Hmm. Well, it's the, uh, and I can't believe it happened on June 1st. I know. They tooled up these farmers. Hmm. Jeremy Corbyn dying of being pitchforked to death. Yeah. Nightmare. Yeah. This is, this is the, we're going to sort of get into all of that. Right. But the, the, we're, we're starting here with is of course the, the triangulation around it as well is that Starmer is trying to win in a very cowardly way where he's trying to avoid making anybody angry who he doesn't think is already in the bag for him. That's how like the sort of left wing of capital has proceeded for the last sort of 30 years. He's just doing more of that. Right. And so he's trying to give the farmers more of what he wants when, when like Kemi Badnock is like, Hey, 2 million people said you should quit. Are you going to quit? He responded to that by saying many people didn't vote labor at the last election. And I'm surprised. I'm not surprised they want to rerun being like, yeah, I guess I am shit. I'm lower than a worm. Thank you for noticing that wise petition signatories. Now that I've complimented you, would you consider putting down this like device that you're going to flint me with and maybe consider voting labor at the next election? They're going to, they're going to separate Charles Starmer's wit from his chaff. Being run over with like a, like a tedding machine that costs 2 million quid. We're going to see drill them all. At this point as well, the whole Peter Mandelson thing of, well, I guess they just have to get closer to Elon Musk seems ludicrous because Elon Musk now thinks that it's as in his brain, you are now Stalin. And there is a coalition of people who are politically mobilized, connected to a party and energized by this issue. These are of course petty bourgeois reactionary fascists who are all now united against you. And the only P and the, and what's happened now is Kemi Badenak and Nigel Farage are both seizing on this moment to say, Hey, we're now actually looking competent by comparison. And it's been like five months. It's been five months. Yeah. I, I, I don't, I don't want to overstate the sort of like significance of this, but I do think it's a foreshock of something potentially, you know, like I'm, I'm always waiting for the, the, like the upcoming reactionary movement movement. I have this like kind of, you know, vision in my head that one day I'm going to wake up, turn on the TV and every channel is going to be the army telling me that Jeremy Clarkson is prime minister. A guy, a guy in a black barber making a statement on TV, a barber branded balaclava. Yeah. Yeah. Like the fascist farmer. It's like all black. Waxed balaclava. Horrible. Black, black jeans, black barber coat. But Farage and Badenak are looking at what Elon's doing as well. That was like a fancy paint company. They're no. And they're vying for his affection. I bought a nice corkscrew when I moved in from Farage and Badenak. But they're vying for Elon Musk's affection and trying to give fullest throat support to the maddest shit he can think of. And Starmer will try to compromise with that. But what he's trying to compromise with something like, not only will I free Tommy Robinson, I'll actually make him a Lord and put him at the home office. How about that? Do you like that? The thing is, right. It's also fundamentally insincere, right? And so when Badenak or when Musk or when any of these farming dipshits are like, this guy obviously holds us in contempt. He does with good reason, right? And so it's kind of having it both ways at once. And both of them are bad. Where you're like, on the one hand, giving them everything you want. But on the other, doing it with an affect that makes it so obvious that you think correctly that these people are like freaks. That they still, you know, even if they didn't have a bunch of material reasons to keep hating you, they're still never going to compromise with you because they know when they're being laughed at. Lord Joe Wicks going at Lord Tommy Robinson in the House of Lords Chamber. Just being like, listen, that stuff you're saying about Muslims is really not on. First of all, the hajj is really great cardio. Yeah. But yeah, it's like it's such a lose-lose proposition, right? Because if you're going to laugh at these people, do like we do and laugh at them openly. You're far better off because then at least you can make common cause with the people who go, wait a second, these people are full of shit. Well, indeed, right? And it's worth also worth talking about the tax change itself and who that's affecting. But before we get into that, it's like, no, what Labour's done with this whole thing, whether that is that they have angered one constituency, but without the support of any other constituency, because they are there as the other guy. They're there as something negative. Best start believing in culture wars, Keir Starmer. You're in one, right? Start motivating some anti-farmer activism, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. People who are natural enemies of the farmer, like badgers. Yeah, the fantastic Mr. Fox. I mean, listen, I found out everything that I needed to about farmers and like, you know, small farmers, large farmers, whatever, from any of the episodes we did with Emiliano Molina about like migrant labourers, right? These are people who operate businesses which are, you know, not necessarily hugely profitable, but a large part of their profit is having been handed this tax carve out in the form of like an exemption on inheritance tax. And now that's closing, they're like, oh, fuck, this is terrible. We're going to have to like, you know, we barely make any money exploiting the absolute fuck out of people, making them live in unheated caravans full of damp and shit. What are we to do except to sell out to like massive corporations? What are we to do except sell out to massive corporations or drive a tractor through the gates of parliament and then go and sort of, you know, mill around until something happens? Yes, yeah. Keir Starmer receiving a John Deere letter. It's worth talking about the tax change itself, right? Because it says, OK, well, I don't know about farming to comment on this further, but I do know that if you say you have a 10 million pound asset in the form of like a farm and all the business of that farm and you're saying, well, we are actually not doing very well economically, we farmers. That can be true. But the thing is, the reason why is because it's a bubble in that what was created with this inheritance tax carve out is every piece of like agricultural land is now a massive tax. It's a financial instrument. Yeah. They've turned the farms. Yeah. Which means that your success or failure as a farmer is kind of being propped up. By this huge tax asset of any land that you own. And that was maybe an unfair thing to do in the long run, because now if you try and tax any of that land fairly or do any kind of land reform, it's like you are robbing me of tens of millions of pounds. It's like, well, the reason why you had that tens of millions of pounds is because of a kind of tax dodge that was instituted not really to benefit you, but to benefit like various friends of like David Cameron, including Jeremy Clarkson, who felt like playing farmer and also dodging inheritance by buying a few acres. Yeah. Yeah. In famous. Well, who could forget the Dyson seed drill? The Dyson combine harvest. I mean, they're expensive, but by God, do they work. And so just just by way of example. Right. If you have a 10 million pound farm and it yields 70,000 pounds a year in profit, you're better off putting that money in a fucking savings account. Yes. Right. Yeah. I mean, this is the thing. Right. What we've done is we've financialized the farming sector to the benefit of like six people. It's more like we've financialized the farming sector, but in a way nobody really expected. Like, you think usually if you're going to financialize something, it's like against future returns on it or whatever. Or you would be able to like lend against your own equipment. Like all the farmers would be like, just the farms would be less about farming and more about. If you if you remember during the like Cameron years, like one of the things that we not just us, but anyone on the left was saying was that this was a calculated like robbery of different bits of state capacity. This was one of them, too, was sort of like farming land is now part of a financial bubble that is not really tied to farming in any meaningful way. It's tied to tax policy for some fucking reason. Yeah, it's it's I always remember. One of the reasons that Canada is so, so fucked is that in order for Canadian house prices, which are like, you know, some of the highest and Canadian house price growth, some of the highest in the world over the last 10, 15 years. It's crazy. It is unlivable, not even in like major cities anywhere in Canada is basically unlivable. And that's because house prices have kept going up. Right. Obviously. And if you were going to take if you're going to reduce house prices back to the point that where house prices are now just an unsustainable bubble, which they were it was called in 2017 before they like went up another hundred and fifty percent, you would have to destroy a huge amount of the sort of on paper value of the housing market. And then what that would do is most people that own houses would then like probably lose them in foreclosure because everyone is so levered up to be able to get into those expensive houses. So when you create these huge asset bubbles on purpose as a government, what you do is you basically lock them in. Like you becomes impossible to reduce the value of them without basically fucking over whatever sector of the economy is then invested in that bubble because they had to invest in the bubble in order to participate in the economy. In Canada, it's everybody who owns a house. Yeah. And here it's farmers. It's like English gentry. And while while you're you're right to say it's not their fault, it's also kind of a situation of where it couldn't happen to nicer people. Oh, I don't mean I don't mean that it's oh, this means you should pity the farmers. No, no, not at all. It's just that this is these choices when they get made by people like Cameron, as you say, like specifically destroying state capacity. What they're doing is blocking the state's ability to act here without angering a constituency. And because laborism is laborism as under Starmer, as under like, you know, Morgan McSweeney is about hating everybody who could ever come to bat for you because the fact that they're willing to come to bat for you shows that you don't need to pander to them. In fact, you should pander to people who hate them. What's happening now is really sort of like 50 shades of graying the electorate. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Is what we have is an angry. Doing me in the red wall. An angry constituency of people who are being portrayed sympathetically, who then have sought and found political representation in the form of the Tories and the Reform Party, who are now competing to give them everything that they could possibly ask for and whose appeal is broadening because they are able to campaign on it as opposed to what's what Starmer is doing, which is he is specifically alienated everybody who could possibly push back against this because that's what cowardly sort of left wing of capital politics is. That's what serious politics is. Yeah. It's about. That's that's serious. A master's seriousness. To have everyone hate you. Yeah. Because if no one is really on your side, then everybody is potentially on your side. You could win a hundred points in the electorate because everyone on the left is going to vote for you anyway and you could steal all the voters from the Tories. You're like Ricky Gervais. You piss everyone off and that's how you know that you're right. That's that's who they should get as their Clarkson. They should they should get Ricky Gervais. Kier Starmer coming out in a leather jacket being like I'm an equal opportunity offender. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you know those people who believe in God? What's that all about? You should come out with the prime minister like crucif- Like you know how Ricky Gervais crucified himself on the mic stand? You should do that with the prime ministerial lectern and then just with the word impaled on the unicorn from the UK government crest. Yeah. And so like if you're going to take on an entrenched interest, you need public support and they have torched it at every time. You need three times the number of men that they have. Well, yes. I read that in Sun Tzu. Yeah. So is anybody, anybody out there counter at the bare street level? Is anybody counter protesting the farmer? Yeah. Is any is anybody on the take to the street? I was out there with my like one woman constituency that's like pro-trans, pro-Palestine, anti-exil bully, anti-farmer protest. It's just me with a sign being like, fuck you guys. They call her the political pivot around which everything turns. Yeah. As Sun Tzu said, you know, when you're attacking a strong enemy, you should first attack your own reserve lines as a distraction. Then the enemy will just join you because he thinks you're on their side. Yeah. And then you give him a big kiss when he's not expecting it. But it's this broad strategy of carefully deferring to institutional power to try not to piss anybody off who thinks that they may be in the bag for them by default. So if you're Muslim, left wing, young, they will piss you off because there's nowhere for you to go. And now that that's already happened and that all the people who they're afraid of, like, for example, countryside gentry farmers who are not in the bag for them, just like how fucking Bidenomics was about huge giveaways primarily targeted at people who were already fully in the bag for Trump. Right. And who fucking took the money and told him to fuck off. And because also, you know, it's a misbranding to say that Starmer's fucking with farmers. He's fucking with like rich landowners like Jeremy Clarkson. If he wanted to fuck with farmers by changing the law, he'd make the police enforce drink driving laws in the countryside. Fucking every farmer in the country would be in jail by the end of the week. He would just he would have one drugs testing team go through the Royal Agricultural College. Baddie, making windowpane check an executable offense. Getting profiled for my red trousers. Oh, fuck. Bloody fuzz are on to me. Also, right. I've had a few nose ciders. So, so Jeremy Clarkson, we've been sort of talking about here, right? These is emerged as the popular figurehead of the farmer protest. And by the way, if either one of the Tories or Reform are smart, they should be courting him to officially join them. Right. Either as a peer or, oh God, the first Reform peers, huh? Oh God. Lord Clarkson of Chipping Norton. Yeah. Killing myself. Nigel Farage is like a kind of like a prophet, like the Sybil, where like he doesn't understand the things that he says, but they are like manna from the gods. And like when he said Big Chungus sends his regards, that actually was foretelling the coming of Jeremy Clarkson as the salvation of the right. Yeah. So they sure needed salvation. So Clarkson in writing in The Sun earlier this month said, I'm becoming more and more convinced that Starmer and Reeves have a sinister plan. They want to carpet bomb our farmland with new towns for immigrants and net zero wind farms. But before they can do that, they have to ethnically cleanse the countryside of farmers. Interesting. Do you have to be a certain ethnicity to be a farmer? Yes. Yes. Yes. This is like Telegraph lorem ipsum. It's so good. Carpet bomb our farmland with illegal immigrants and wind farms. They want to ethnically cleanse the countryside of farmers. Yeah. This is like a bit I would do on the, like two years of like, this is, he really wrote this. Yeah. He just, he just wrote that down. Like that sentence he was just like, yeah, they're going to carpet bomb the countryside with illegal immigrants and wind farms to ethnically cleanse it of farmers. Yes. That's correct. Okay. Yeah. Sorry. I just needed, I just needed to check really. That's a real sentence that Jeremy Clarkson wrote. That's in quotes. Yeah. The most oppressed group of all the farmers, you know, and you know what else, right? This is the obvious similarities are to again, like petty bourgeois uprisings in like failing global North States. I mean, January 6th, an obvious one, the Canadian truckers, another obvious one. Also like the Canadian truckers. Most of those people weren't truckers. They were guys who lived in suburbs and drove very large pickup trucks. That's who was doing donuts outside of like, you know, the second cup in Ottawa. Jeremy Clarkson. Well, we would, we need this sort of like unwieldy alliance between Jeremy Clarkson and Range Rover mum, which, oh yeah. And, but, and moreover, okay, well, where are the other farmer protests happening? It's the Netherlands and Germany. And it tends to be again against like the green agenda, whatever, whatever. Right. And in the Netherlands, actually, it also was about the attacks on farming. Yeah. And specifically as well, it's like this performance of being very, very angry at immigrants. It's like, where do you get all of your labor from? But also being triggered by wind farms, wind farms, which are as close as you can get practically to free money. I think farmers also love. You put it up and it just makes money out of the fucking air. Yeah. Make like absolutely shit. And you can still grow crops around it. There's a passive income. Yeah. Exactly. This is where I go back to the center left has failed to engage with climate change at all. And the right is engaging with it effectively. Right. They are, they are, but they're doing that by accepting that things are happening and things must be done directly and urgently. Now it happens that because they're the right, the things that are, that are being, are happening are immigrants and wind farms and, but also inflation, right? They recognize that all of these things are happening and had to be dealt with like quite ferociously and imminently. And because they're, they're the right also, they're like, okay, well kick them out, arrest him, tear them down, act, use the power of the state to act. Yeah. Right. Can't do that though. But that's why the right is so much better at responding to climate change than the center, right? Because the center is continuing to try to treat this real material thing that people are experiencing. And again, the right is not saying doing it like in a good way. They're just doing it effectively. They're mobilizing a cohort of supporters around urgent and material action that must be taken. Whereas the center left is saying this will be done managerially. We'll build a wind farm that may reduce your electricity bills in three years. It will be mostly owned by BlackRock. And you know, in the meantime, don't worry about all of the stuff that's happening. Don't worry about how olive oil costs twice as much as it used to because all of the crops failed in like Spain and Italy. Don't worry about that. Oh, that's, that's, that's because of like them having too many wind farms. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty cool though, to be like a guy in the Netherlands who owns a bunch of low lying agricultural land in the Netherlands and be like, what's the deal with this climate change? You're building too many wind farms. Yeah. That's my main concern about all this low lying farmland that I own in the Netherlands. But that just speaks to how good they are at organizing them. Yeah. You know, that speaks to how good they are organizing these people. Because they're gentry, because they're like bourgeois. Their interests like overlap until they catastrophically don't, right? You're never going to make them see otherwise. That's just how it works. Yeeps van der Blomken speaking from his farm in Atlantis. Yeah. Well, Yeeps van der Blomken actually bought that farm for, um, because he made so much money on Twunkhole that, uh, he actually wanted to inherit it. We see what happens when these people actually are displaced by some disaster or another, which is, it just glides off the surface of their brain. You know, they can lose absolutely everything. And it will, you know, they'll still be like, oh, you know, climate change is a perfectly natural phenomenon. This is the force of immigrants or whatever. Of course. And so this, but that's what good political organization or effective political organization around a kind of... Yeah, a good political organization because we like it and we approve of it, obviously. But that's what effective political organization around a kind of atavistic reactionary impulse looks like. It's effective. And that's why I worry about the farmer protests here. That's effective political mobilization that's being tied to a party line that's being opposed by nobody. Not a fan of right-wing political action, but that is class. Yeah. Yeah. You know, and so the, and also, right, this is, this is from D Smog. A lot of these groups then, again, are connected with GB News. They're connected with like the UK version of the Heartland Institute who are also, who are also saying, yeah, farmers are the only things that stand between us and the World Economic Forum's desire for us to eat bugs, own nothing and be happy about it. You know, and again, it's like, well, what's, what's this really a pushback against? It's a pushback in politically against managerialism or to say we want our like more decisive, courageous, fast, hard acting manager in place who will use power for us. Right. Because it's who do these people really hate? They always talk about HR bureaucrats. They talk about, you know, pointy headed, you know, sort of stuffy liberals, whatever, whatever. And like then, you know, minorities, young people, left-wingers and so on. It's so cool. And if this goes back to Elon Musk as well, it's like, no, he's a billionaire. He's powerful. He will crush the HR department. That's peppering the countryside with wind farms. And also, you know, who's, who's supporting this, right? Kemi Badenoch, Nigel Farage, you know, Nigel Farage saying in every market town in the country, there, there should be protests and more in these policies could cost labor a hundred seats in government. The party now has more than a hundred thousand members, more than a hundred thousand members in like six months. Yeah, that's good. Isn't it? It will soon overtake membership of the conservative party. Good stuff. Great. Great. You know, because you know what that looks like to me, that looks like a party that is, if not speaking to people's material concerns as they are, at least speaking to how angry they are with how things are. And then wouldn't, you know, it, we had the opportunity, of course, you know, to do that. And to be clear, these are the people who are allowed to get angry. And these are the things that they're allowed to get angry about, right? You can't get angry about, uh, you know, the fact that rent is completely unaffordable. You can't get angry about there being shit in all the rivers. You can't get angry about like the police killing people with no repercussions. Uh, what you are allowed to get angry about is your tax assets being stripped away from you. Um, or you are allowed to get angry about the presence of migrants. And, you know, then if you actively riot, then some of you might get sent to prison, but then the rest of the discourse will be about conceding to everything you want. Right. There's, there's a very stark divide there. It's, it's, it goes back to something you said a while ago that I always think about, which is all we're allowed to do is the impossible, right? All you are allowed to consider is the ludicrous. The thing that gets taken very seriously as a political point. Now that everything else must Geelong around is we've got a Geelongify our policy. This wild story about an inheritance tax change, meaning that small farms in Britain are no longer going to be owned by octogenarian hobbyists who want to give their children a tax free inheritance. They're all going to be owned by BlackRock. And again, we do know that like when small assets go down in value and can't be maintained by their owners, they do tend to be consolidated by like large businesses. We know that BlackRock did that with houses in the States. And it's like, oh, boo hoo. Did someone get addicted to free money? I'm sorry. You're like great, great grandfather enclosed this land. And now Monsanto owns it. I don't think they'll be good either, but fuck both of you. Yeah. And you, and of course, you know, you know, but you know who Keir Starmer is courting the approval of BlackRock, the subject of the fucking conspiracy. Anyway, what I go back to is you're what's allowed to be taken seriously is this ludicrous story that Jeremy Clarkson is telling, which everyone has to say, because the only people who are allowed to be taken seriously and who's, and because we, it is obvious things are failing and it's obvious that there's going to be anti-system feeling in the face of a failing system. But the most, I guess you could say mass palatable version of that to the elites, the like columnist elites, the political elites, whoever you want to call them, who decide which opinions are to be taken seriously is the most ludicrous story because this seems to be taken more seriously than the fact that there's poo in all the river. Because that's a very simple fact-based materially driven story of water companies are not investing sufficiently. They're not investing sufficiently because they haven't been incentivized over years to pay out dividends to their shareholders instead of building pipes and maintaining pipe. Therefore, the pipes are breaking. Therefore, shit in river. That's a very simple material story. ABC, there is a set of incentives that have incentivized the owners of assets to handle it poorly. The story that's allowed to be taken very seriously that politics is pivoting around, it seems, is Jeremy Clarkson's mad Davos fantasy that like the, that fucking Rachel Reeves is trying to do the great replacement on farmers who've been working the land for over a dozen years since Cameron brought the tax change in. Basically, that's the story that's allowed to get taken seriously. That's who's allowed airtime. I love the British press. It's a cool place to be. Although Jeremy Clarkson's mad Davos fantasy does, does conjure the image of a kind of horrifying slash fiction that Jeremy Clarkson has written about, but getting fucked by a Dalek. It sounds like a DVD that you pull out of a bargain bin. It's like him, him, him like sliding a Koenigsegg sideways around like a town in Davos. So what happens now, of course, is Starmer holds a meeting with the National Farmers Union to quote, discuss their continued worries. Saying he's very much in listening mode. And yeah. I'm listening mode? Yeah. I'm audio pilled. Yes. And also is going to relaunch his campaign. And then guess what else? Crack down on benefits claimants, especially young ones. It's interesting what gets this guy in listening mode, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Shit in the river? Don't care. Will not listen. Nothing will. No, no water company will ever be nationalized except in a temporary way to make it more appealing to other outside investors. Fuck you. Crack down on what fucking benefits. That's my question. Like there's no, there's no benefits left. Like, come on. He says, and again, in the Daily Mail, the same paper that's being like, yeah, you're, you're Stalin. You're, you're doing like fucking a five year plan. You're, you're having everybody make pig iron in their back garden. It's fine. Guys, Stalin says he's in listening mode. Yeah. Yeah. He says, he says in the Daily Mail, make in the coming months, mail readers will see a more sweeping changes because we will get to grips with our bulging, the bulging benefits bill blighting our society. The banger Bob for big bong, big Ben to bong for Brexit. Yeah. I guess the BoJack Horseman writers have a new, a new job. Yeah. Don't get me wrong. We will crack down hard on anyone who tries to game the system, tackle fraud and take cash straight from the bank accounts of fraudsters. There'll be a zero count approach with these criminals. Starmer said he is quote declaring war on the benefits system, especially illness benefits. Great. Great. I hope nobody ever gets sick. Yeah. This is what's so funny about this because it's like gaming. What fucking system? Like someone I know recently is between jobs and ended up like claiming universal credit to like cover a bit of like rent and JSA and stuff. And like, it's just like the insane hoops that, and this is like a person who like the system is not designed to immiserate, right? Like a professional person, not a person that is deliberately immediately seen as a victim by the system in the way that is designed. And yeah, it's still like, yeah, we'll give you like 30% of the money you need to live six weeks after you needed it. And it's like, where do you get the other 70? Like who's, how do you game that system? Like what? How? Well, indeed. And, you know, it says, again, we're going to get people back to work, cut the welfare bill, revitalize job centers to offer more employment and training opportunities, blah, blah, blah. We've seen it a million times before. He's saying, I'm going to keep doing the same shit that everybody hates, but with some new stuff that people hate even more. And, you know, he also additionally is saying, okay, well, look, remember my five missions? Oh, those are quite tricky, actually, to deliver. I'm having a really difficult time delivering them. And it turns out. He'd have made a shit Hercules, wouldn't he? It turns out that some of the big headline ones, like having the highest level of growth in the G7, turns out Biden tried that and ate shit. So I guess I shouldn't bother doing it. Okay, fine. Missions are out. The missions are done. We're done with the missions. And we loved the missions. I loved the missions. I was following all of them every day. The new labors of Hercules make an agreement with the Hydra that actually is going to take over the prison system. With the Augie and Stables, we're going to just rewrite the code of what, shit filled entails so that they're no longer, by the new rules, shit filled. There you go. Yeah. That's quite smart. Yeah. This would be a great sort of like lib book. Yeah. You know. He says, okay, well, we're not going to do that. Or we're going to like keep some of them, like building the houses, reduce NHS waiting lists. But he has a plan for change now, which is different from the missions. Oh, okay. Oh, good. Did he not have one of those before? Just missions? Yeah. He was just missions. Now there's a plan for change, which includes, for example, capping net migration. Oh, cool. No one's ever tried that before. Saying the last government were running a quote, an open borders experiment. So everybody now is actually doing open borders for Britain. Every single party. They all have just different flavors of open borders. Apparently. Uh-huh. There's many flavors of open borders, but no flavors of vapes. That's the current policy position. So he says, oh, look, net migration went up under the Tories saying this wasn't just bad luck. This happened by design. It was experiment to turn Britain into a country with open borders. He's trying to do the like WEF, eat bugs, oh, nothing shit. Uh-huh. Check out this photo of Rishi Surak at the WEF with Klaus Schwab. It's cool. Yeah. All right. I've got, I've been invited to WEF. However, I only went so I could see who else was there being perverts together. I heard they get up to all sorts at WEF. Um, so it says migration. So he's saying, look, the Tories were not able to crack down on migrant workers. And of course, that's because there was just, it was legal to like bring a spouse with you or companies could hire foreign workers. Cause guess what? We don't fucking train anybody here. Right. Which doesn't matter. Right. It's, it's very funny to be like, it feels as though like Keir Starmer is dead there and he's like pointing out like, ah, well, the Tories were victim of these like in global forces that meant that immigration was such and such. I will not be a victim of these global forces that haven't changed. Yes. It's like having, it's like being sat next to a guy who has the bubonic plague and being like, yeah, look at this loser. He's got the bubonic plague. Look, he can cough right in my face. And I still don't have the bubonic plague. Yeah. Exactly. And again, I want to emphasize, right. I have no sense that like, oh, we should be training more people. So like migrants don't have to come from abroad. Right. I do. I have no sense that we should be doing that. That matters at all. What I'm, I'm looking at purely is this thing on its own merit, how, how they're thinking about it. And you know, he says, oh, well the UK will no longer be a soft touch for migrants. So that's right. Migrants and benefits scroungers. You've had it too good for too long. The labor government is here to finally bring some responsibility. Hard Keir and Morgan McSweeney are here to finally make this anything other than the least comfortable place for, uh, you know, migrants and benefits. We were doing those fun drownings before. Yeah. Well, the drownings are going to get nasty now. If you don't like it, get on the sort of like underground train to Australia. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The lift through the center of the earth. Yeah. So it's the, it's, yeah. What is he doing now? He's just government. He's pivoting. He's pivoting rightwards. He's pivoting, but he's pivoting in place. He's trying to, he's, he's doing. Twirling, twirling, twirling towards fascism. Yeah, that's right. I want to do a quick, a quick startup and then we're going to head. All right. Cause I can hear November dying. I, uh, yeah. All right. Uh, we're going to do a quick startup. It's called spines. Hmm. We've invented spines. Finally. It's been too long. These will never get bifid. Oh, they should, uh, they should, uh, sell one to Keir Starmer. Channel four. Are you listening? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thank you. Uh, yeah, it's called spines from manuscript to book in your reader's hands, all in one platform. Uh-huh. A single global platform to single platform. Excuse me. To help any author proofread, cover design, format, print, and distribute over global channels with zero tech know-how required. It's AI, isn't it? Uh-huh. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. This is going to be like AI self-publishing. I've been, you've, this is, this shit's too easy now. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's why I don't bother with the guessing anymore. I just lead us in. Spines. Uh-huh. It's not for people, it's not necessarily writing your book with AI, although, although you could write a book with AI. What it is doing is it is, when you submit a manuscript to a publisher, they have to do a bunch of things like read it, proofread it, hire an editor, design cover art, you know, lots of things that involve humans and take quite a while. Sure. Spines. Mm-hmm. So Israeli technology company Spines has said, uh, has said, what if we just used AI for all that part? And by the way, if you use AI to write the book, that's fine too. Okay. They say the old way, traditional publishing. It costs nothing but has a 99% rejection rate. And the time to publish is six to 18 months and your royalties are two to 15%, but they do take care of marketing and distribution. You'd think that that 99% rejection rate would mean the books that come out are good. But if you've been to a bookshop recently, you'll know otherwise. Yeah. P.U. Vanity publishing tends to cost five to $25,000. The time to publish is still six to 12 months. The royalties you get are much higher, but they don't handle marketing and distribution. That's the old way. Ooh, the old way. The new way, publishing with Spines, is the cost is from $1,478, but they say it costs $5,000 for most people. So let's assume $5,000. And the time- That's just vanity publishing again, but you've sprinkled some AI over it. In November, you've cracked the code. Yes, it is. Vanity publishing out of Lidl. Yeah. There's two, you know, the old way of doing things. You used to have traditional publishing and vanity publishing. What we've done is we've got some vanity publishing, but we do even less than them. Yes. It's vanity publishing, but with a much faster, shittier turnaround process. Cool. It's business secrets of the pharaohs, but without any oversight at all. Business secrets of the pharaohs is one of the books you can publish on Spines. This is a quote from Carlos Andromeda, publisher of Biological Transcendence and the Tao. Sorry, his name is not fucking Carlos Andromeda. It sure is. I'm looking right at it. Uh-huh. Carlos Andromeda, publisher of Biological Transcendence and the Tao, says, I sent my book to 17 different publishers and got rejected every time, and vanity publishers quoted me like $11,000. With Spines, I got my book published in less than 30 days. Uh-huh. And how much money did he make? Uh-huh. Uh, let's find out. Uh, he's on LinkedIn, and his job title is Vision Master. Vision Master? Is that the guy who runs the Specsavers? Uh-huh. Uh, it's available on Amazon. Oh, a great cover, though, to be fair. It's available on Amazon. It has zero reviews. Not one. Not one review. Can we buy a copy and read it next episode? I don't want to. Where does age-old Taoist wisdom intersect with medical breakthroughs? Dive into a riveting synthesis. This is AI generated. Dive into a riveting synthesis of tradition and technology as we investigate the tantalizing promise of overcoming our biological constraints. From delving deep. See, delving. If it says delve, it's generated by ChatGPT. Yeah, nobody delves except ChatGPT and dwarves. Yeah. From delving deep into the genetics of aging and tackling devastating issues to unveiling the mysteries of biogerontology, this expose offers a holistic journey. Discover how regenerative medicine and technological innovations merge and navigate the ethical minefields that we present. As we push our boundaries, the Tao of aging reminds us to ground our requests in timeless wisdom. So they got the summary text that's supposed to be generated by Spines from AI, unless I'm wrong, got the name of the book wrong in the summary text. It called it the Tao of aging. Here's the thing. I'm not seeing the, you know, Dragon's Den mode, right? I'm not seeing the value add that Spines does here because like people were already vanity publishing books. People were already AI generating both books themselves, blurbs for the books, covers for the books. What are they doing except putting that in one website? That's a great question, November. They're putting it in one website and getting funded by venture capitalists. Yeah. Oh, okay. And also people were making actual money by self-publishing books on Amazon, like just for Kindle, like the smart books and the, you know, like, but this is like for like people who are too dumb to do that. I have a list of some of these, but they say founded in 2021, they use AI to review, produce, publish and distribute books for charge. And they've also published a number of books themselves. They've claimed the platform can reduce the time it takes to publish a book from six to 18 months, two to three weeks. And authors are willing to pay tens of thousands of self-publishing books, but they cost only 5,000 to automate proofreading, cover design and so on. It's also, yeah, proofreading. It's like, yeah, we don't worry. The computer proofread your book. It added a new character in chapter four, but we actually think it's kind of cool. Yeah. The unknown. Yeah, of course. So the example books that they've, that they've published includes Thoughts of a Poet by Eugene O'Boyd. Eugene O'Boyd. Oh, Boyd. Oh, Boyd. That's his catchphrase. Oh, Boyd. Oh, Boyd. That's a pretty basic cover. That's the sort of thing you'd knock up on Instagram stories. North, the journey. High school friendships that lasted a lifetime by Raymond Philip Heron II. Raymond Philip Heron II. This shit must hit so hard if you're stupid. Yeah. Yeah. I can only imagine. The high school friendships that last a lifetime. Like, you're just, you're just describing small towns. It's not like people are like, whoa, a high school friendship that lasts a lifetime. That just, that just means you've just not had any opportunities to broaden your horizons in your life. It's like an incredible tale of... I feel like using chat GPT to proofread your hadith collection is probably some kind of blasphemy for someone. Yeah. Yeah. Moses, Way of Truth, Reunification of All Peoples of the World by Hans-Peter Freyherr von Lichtenstein. Uh-huh. Sip Happens. This mostly seems to be like religious cranks so far. Sip Happens, A Crash Course for Gen Z and Millennials by Justin Smith. What? I looked into that one. A crash course in what? Wine. Again, the most AI generated shit you've ever seen. Uh-huh. Are you a Gen Z or a millennial? Oh, best cover so far though. Yeah. Also, the most AI generated cover you've ever seen. I get one review on Amazon, five stars. Must buy and read for any millennials getting into wine. Informative and fun. Uh-huh. And then, a couple more. The Art of Living, Wisdom from Proverbs, Remember the F-R-O-G by Mr. James. Oh, Mr. James. My favorite also. And Lifestyle Daily Affirmations, 30 Days of Motivational Readings to Build a Positive Mindset by Bernard Dyson. So basically what we're looking at is... Oh, James' brother. What we're looking at is like one medium-sized lake worth of water gone to cool an AI data center to produce those books. Yeah. I don't even think these guys are real. Like Bernard Dyson? Like, come on. That's not a real guy. And it's headquartered in Miami. Carlos Andromeda? Carla, we all love the books of Carlos Andromeda. Of course. Other popular titles included autobiography by the cult figure Fleece Johnson. A children's book written... Fleece Johnson? A children's book written... Nominative determinism. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. A children's book written by someone who was gunned down as a teen and is now rebuilding his life in a wheelchair and a motivational guide aimed at women. So yes, as you pointed out, November, this is just self-publishing again. This is just vanity publishing again. Cool. A memoir about sheep shagging by Fleece Johnson. The owner claims that for most authors, this isn't really about profit at all. Quote... No, I hope not. It's a self-branding process. Fleece Johnson? Come on. Come on. It's a self-branding process. His Johnson stays warm even when wet. Let's say you want to leave a mark or a legacy. Most people publish a book, not because they want to make a living from that, but it's a hobby. Either they must become very, very famous or they have to invest tens of thousands of dollars. I want to help democratize writing. Great. Basically. Uh-huh. And again, it's like, it's the as ever, right? These are just the people doing it dumbest and fastest and first. Microsoft is also doing it. Microsoft wants to do it biggest. They have a new publishing arm, does Microsoft, called 8080 Books, named after an Intel microprocessor. The imprint, owned by Microsoft, aims to, quote, accelerate the publishing process, shorten the lag between manuscript and book arriving in the marketplace, saying that technology is quick in the pace of every industry except publishing. We know that more important ideas and arguments travel faster, can travel faster than they do at the moment. And so now they've published books such as No Prize for Pessimism by Microsoft's Deputy Chief Technology Officer. The book explores the need for optimism when creating technology products. It's like a sort of pamphlet that Lord Kitchener would have published in 1916. Like, it doesn't really feel like a book that should be written now. A second is also written a book called Platform Mindset by Marcus Fontura, corporate vice president of Microsoft. And it's publishing books written by the board of Microsoft. Yes, that's what they're doing at the moment. But they want to showcase ideas and minds from outside the company. And they want to reissue significant works and out-of-print books that remain relevant. They're going to, like, do Microsoft present. Microsoft Clippy presents Bleak House, essentially. Right. Any case. Yeah, they're also going to accelerate and democratize book publishing. I love when stuff, whenever anything gets democratized, what's really happening is your ability to make a living from this is going to, we're trying to take that away. Because we're trying to take the living that you get from it by essentially making the thing that you're doing too cheap to meter so that any old person who wants to do it just sort of can. And it's always sold the same way. I always remember Uber wasn't sold as a full-time job when it first came out. It was sold as a way, if you have a car, to make a little extra money and meet some fun people at the weekend. Right. In every case, always. It's always going the same way. I mean, this has been coming for the creative industries quite heavily. But seeing it being done so vampirically, but being like, oh yeah, vanity publishing, we're like that for suckers, for not suckers. Excuse me. Just, you know, do give your sucker money to us. And to see that everywhere, including Microsoft, which is probably going to do it fucking bigger and broader and try to, again, keep killing one of the last creative industries that barely exists is quite depressing. Anyway, we've gone long. So I want to say, number one, thank you very much for listening to TF. This has been a bonus episode. Bonus. Uh, there is no live shows coming up. There's no shirts to plug for the first time in a long time. We have no plugs. I have one day in Taunton on the 14th of December or is it the 15th? I don't know. It's in December. It's on a Saturday, I think, or Friday. I don't know. It's on my website. Also Holland. I've got a show in Rotterdam on the 24th of Jan. Oh yeah. Yeah. The farmland's going. Yeah, exactly. We'll see. Maybe it'll be underwater. That could be fun. Um, and Brussels and Amsterdam coming on sale soon. Okay. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Uh, I think that's, uh, that's it for us. So thank you again and we will see you soon. Bye everybody. Bye everyone. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.