Dr. James Dobson is credentialed, but not in the ways that he often portrays himself.
He has a PhD in child development and not clinical psychology, as he often states.
Wait, are you saying that James Dobson lies about stuff?
It's so out of character.
Next, you'll tell me that it doesn't even have a source to cite.
Part of my ethical code is that if someone introduces me incorrectly, if they were to call me a doctor,
it is my obligation to correct them.
And if I don't, I could have an ethical complaint made against me and even potentially lose my license.
And that's not a concern that Dobson has.
No, he doesn't seem to have very many concerns.
But, you know, maybe he could have a concern with these nuts.
Oh.
Insofar as he could suck on them.
Got him.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
Welcome to the worst of all possible worlds, the first and only podcast where you can suck on these nuts.
I'm the worst of all possible Josh's.
I'm the worst of all possible AJ's.
And I'm the worst of all possible Brian's.
And we're really excited this week because we're back for more Wits Endless Summer.
The ongoing sub series of the worst of all possible worlds where.
Thank you, Brian.
Where we talk about Adventures in Odyssey that.
Wait, no, that's not right.
What?
Oh, we're going to be talking about the organization that produced Adventures in Odyssey.
Focus on the family based out of Colorado Springs, Colorado, as well as the organization's founder.
The doctor we've been talking about.
Dr. Deez Nuts himself, James Dobson.
And I've got to tell you, Jake, I was kind of upset when Josh recommended this topic for the episode because I was excited to get you on to talk about Adventures in Odyssey.
We'll just have to do it another time.
If you have decided that you don't hate us.
A childhood full of memories of it.
Just to frame up our guest here real quick.
He is the co-host of one of my favorite new podcasts of 2024.
The show is called I Hate James Dobson.
And it's a bi-weekly podcast where he exposes his co-host, Brooke, to the many, many writings of our favorite focus on the family founder, Dr. Deez Nuts, James Dobson himself.
Man, favorite doing a lot of heavy lifting there, Josh.
Jake, welcome to the show.
Thank you so much for having me.
Very happy to be here.
How many episodes of Adventures in Odyssey have you listened to, Jake?
When I was a kid, I listened through the first 50 albums.
Best New Small Town or whatever was like around when they got the new John Avery Whittaker's around when I stopped.
But, Jake, I do think, I just have to say, I have to condemn you for doing something I would never do, which is introduce some unsuspecting member of the non-evangelical world to all of the horrors of Focus on the Family.
Imagine a world where that was true.
You two have such a delightful rapport on your podcast.
And I just, I don't understand how Brooke can remain so sane over the course of all of this.
Like, she seems to come into each new episode, like, just completely cleared of all of, like, the poison of the previous one.
And I must know her secret, Jake.
She would say her secret's association.
Okay.
Oh, I see.
I see.
Good.
All right.
Writing that down.
Why do you hate James Dobson?
How much time do you have?
So I grew up evangelical and surrounded by his writings.
So I've always kind of fostered this hatred for him.
But since doing this podcast, I've learned so many more reasons why I hate James Dobson.
And it's this kind of Russian nesting doll of hate and bigotry and also just stupidity.
He's not a good writer.
He's not particularly eloquent in his speech.
And it's very frustrating.
And also, your hatred of James Dobson is so intense that it has landed you.
And I'm just seeing this note here.
It landed you in Time Magazine.
Is that true?
It sure did.
It sure did.
Yeah.
Pettiness is a train that you can ride forever, apparently.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
The only time I've ever appeared on Time Magazine was when I was person of the year.
Mm-hmm.
When they made the cover reflective enough that we were all the person of the year.
I think Jake might be too young for that.
Oh, no!
That was so elderly.
That was 2007.
Oh, God.
Fucking geezers out here with our Time Magazine, right?
Do you remember?
A physical magazine?
I was told.
Yeah.
Magazines.
We printed them down on physical paper.
Every fortnight, you'd get one.
I realized just after talking with friends and loved ones who didn't grow up evangelical,
they don't understand a lot of my references and traumas and histories.
And so I got very tired of having-
You're just looking around saying, everybody, you know, it's a big, big house with lots and
lots of room.
The reason that we brought you on for this episode specifically, Jake, is that we, as I
mentioned, are talking about a really important point in the history of Focus on the Family.
Sort of a major inflection point in the development of the organization, as well as
James Dobson's own professional life.
And that is the interview that he did with Ted Bundy, the famous serial killer.
Oh, no, no.
Come on.
That's probably the last time I'm going to use it this episode.
No, that's actually really good.
And Theodore Bundy, born on a Monday.
And so, you know, buckle in.
Listeners, this is obviously like content warnings abound for this shit.
We're going to be talking about one of the greatest monsters in the history of the United
States of America.
Yeah.
And I'm not talking about the serial killer.
Oh, got him.
Spicy.
It is so funny.
I had never seen a photo of James Dobson until doing research for this episode.
I had never seen him speak.
He's so hot, isn't he?
I spent most of my notes just like saying things that James Dobson looked like to me,
and we'll get to those as we go.
Oh, no.
This is your C.S. Lewis thing all over again, isn't it?
Yeah, but I don't have too, too many.
More of a Dennis Prager treatment, really.
Yeah, yeah.
That feels more accurate.
Josh, I think you came out in defense of like Prager's charisma, and I didn't think that
Prager had a lot of charisma until I saw James Dobson.
And I was like, oh, well, if we're grading on that scale, Prager is fucking riddled with
that riz.
Is that right?
Is that?
He's actually rizzled with rid.
Oh, he's rizzled with rid.
Yes.
He's currently feuding with baby Gronk.
That's right.
Yes.
Yes.
I read it in my magazine.
So let's talk a little bit about Dr. James Dobson, shall we?
Let's do it.
Longtime listeners of our show will be very familiar with him, but in case you're listening
for the first time, very brief primer, Dr. James Dobson, I keep Dr. Deesnot's James Dobson,
born in 1936 in Shreveport, Louisiana.
He has sort of an upbringing where his mom beats the shit out of him, and he ends up making
it all the way to getting a PhD at the University of Southern California in 1967.
This is a degree in child development.
Like you were saying earlier, Jake, this is not actually the same thing as a clinical
psychology or psychiatry degree.
The layman could be forgiven for confusing the two or using them as the same, but they
are technically separate.
At least nowadays, a clinical psychologist is a lot more about like testing and evaluation.
So if you need to get diagnosed with like autism, for instance, you go to a psychologist
and not just not just a therapist.
Yeah, from what it sounded like reading Dare to Discipline a long time ago, he's always
citing these case studies that I thought in those cases were him directly working with
patients.
But the way he describes a lot of his work around the Ted Bundy interview, it makes it
sound more like he was a research scientist at the hospital.
On I Hate James Dobson, we call it the slipperiness of his language, where it's like, oh, it's kind
of true, but also when you extrapolate it too much, it becomes significantly less true.
And in 1970, Tyndale House, a Christian publisher, publishes Dobson's first full length book,
which is entitled Dare to Discipline.
And the gist of that book is that in order for your children to not become little monsters,
you need to beat the shit out of them.
Yeah, you need to be like my mom and throw a heavy metal girdle at them.
Yeah, exactly.
By the way, to be clear, when Brian says my mom, he's referring to James Dobson's mom.
No, not my mother.
No.
But yeah, if you want to learn all about those books, you know, the series of bangers that
he wrote throughout the 70s and the 80s, you can hear all about it on I Hate James Dobson.
So go check it out.
Because we're not going to read those fucking things.
God, no.
Absolutely not.
Also, this is wild to me, but Dobson got his doctorate in 1967 from USC, the same year
that George Lucas graduated USC.
Whoa.
On the back of this profile from this book and the other stuff that he starts publishing,
he establishes a new nonprofit organization dedicated to the advancement of the nuclear
Christian family.
This organization is called Focus on the Family, established in Arcadia, California in 1977.
You know, for a while, he kind of does both.
He works at the USC Medical Center and does work at Focus.
Yeah, he's a switch.
Right.
He's a verse.
Eventually, the organization grows so much that he can't really do both at the same time
anymore.
So he leaves USC in 1984.
He was also a part of the American Psychological Association, APA, and he left that in 1978,
1975, when they declassified homosexuality as a mental illness.
He resigned from that out of protest and took a sabbatical from USC at the same time.
Well, and it's interesting for Dobson to be part of that association.
I know you can kind of just be a member of an association, right, and not be a decision-making
member, someone on a board or something.
But I'm assuming Dobson was someone who wanted to influence the field of psychology.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And so then when he didn't, he went on to influence pop psychology.
Absolutely.
To take a little side note here, when Dobson is about 20 years old, there is a rising movement
in the 1950s, largely from Catholic groups.
There are some big Protestant groups, but this is a lot of big Catholic pressure groups.
Kind of the big wave of reaction against movies had failed at this point.
And the Hays Code had succeeded as a sort of self-regulation of the Hollywood industry.
So they found other targets, namely comic books at first.
So one of our big moral panics is around Batman being gay.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
And about, you know, the Rizzler being dangerous.
You've matched Rizz with the Rizzler.
Kids are going to think it's okay to go to Costco and eat large cookies.
Double chunk chocolate cookie.
In 56, there's this guy, Charles Keating.
Totally normal dude.
He's a lawyer.
He is also someone who has a lot of interesting ideas for finance.
He founds a group called Citizens for Decent Literature.
The next year, 1957, he testified before Congress that porno is, among other things, part of,
you know, big quotes, capital letters, the communist conspiracy.
Communists have all the fun.
Yeah.
More like seize the meat of production.
Whoa.
Seize these nuts of production.
Citizens for Decent Literature, or CDL, it gets shortened too, which helps because they
change their name a whole bunch of times and just keep the initials.
In the 60s, they produced this film called Perversion for Profit, which is now in the public
domain and you can watch it in its entirety anywhere, including just like on the Wikipedia page
for the film.
Perversion for Profit is all about warning your neighbors and family and children about
porno mags existing.
And it's a pretty smutty little moral panic movie.
It kind of reminds me of the movies from the 30s, like Reefer Madness that are like, oh, no,
weed's going to make this young actress take her top off.
How horrible.
It makes me think, though, of every young man's battle, which is just straight up soft core
pornography.
After some major Supreme Court rulings in the late 60s on the whole right to privacy and
how that's going to be dictated by the 14th Amendment and interpretations of the First Amendment
going forward, Lyndon Baines Johnson, who was president at the time, he appoints a commission
for obscenity and pornography to reevaluate how laws should conform to this new judicial
reality.
Right.
Before in the 50s, the interstate commerce clause meant that, like, if you were making
an album for the songs from West Side Story and you keep the lyric, hey, Officer Krupke,
fuck you, that would break obscenity laws if you were to ship that outside of New York
State.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Which is why they changed it to G.
Officer Krupke, Krupke.
Krupke.
I just think about a world where you're, like, driving from New York to Pennsylvania and
at the border, they stop you and seize, like, 20 West Side Story CDs out of the back of your
car.
Anything you need to declare?
Any cast recordings?
Things of that nature?
Well, first of all, those would be time cops, because what are you doing with CDs in 1958?
The commission was ongoing after LBJ vacated his seat and Hubert Humphrey lost and Tricky
Dick became the president.
And Tricky Dick appointed Charles Keating, this Ohio Catholic who started Citizens for
Decent Literature, onto this ongoing commission.
The commission ended up finding that porn sales to adults shouldn't be restricted and there
was no causal link from porn to violent crime.
There were some other conservatives on this commission who released a sort of dissent, right?
Sort of like a Supreme Court would do.
Wrote their own articles.
Keating went a step further and tried to just sue to keep it from being made public?
On behalf of Catholics everywhere, you're welcome.
The Senate and Nixon roundly reject the commission's report.
It gets voted down.
There's like 30 abstentions, which I think just meant that those senators weren't even
there.
So no one really cared this much about this whole thing.
It's just one of those things you do.
But obscenity laws start to get whittled away as we're going through the 70s.
That's a problem for the right.
You know, this is the moral degradation of our country.
Degradation.
I say.
First, medicinal wine from a teaspoon, then beer from a bottle.
There we go.
There we go.
Captain Billy's whiz bang.
I feel like I had a stroke just now.
Jake, Jake, curious to hear about your frame of reference for musical theater.
This will help us calibrate the show better to your needs.
What kind of gay are you?
I am a homosexual, so there's at least a baseline understanding.
OK, OK.
But hey, you know, speaking of homosexuals and somebody who did not like them, Ronald Reagan.
In 1985, well into his presidency, Ronald Reagan orders Attorney General,
Edwin Meese to commission a new report on the effects of pornography.
The fucking Johnson one got it wrong.
Yeah.
We're going to get it right this time.
We're going to correct the record.
And one Dr. James Dobson, as well as one Charles Keating.
Dream team.
That's right.
Yeah.
They, among others, are selected to serve on the committee.
And in 1986, they released the Meese report, which is almost 2000 pages long.
Yeah.
It's so long.
Yeah, it is very long.
And apparently only one person has ever read it in its entirety.
And we will get to that a little bit later.
I'll tell you who it wasn't.
It wasn't me.
Anyway, recommendations in this report include a federal ban on phone sex.
That states institute mandatory felonies for repeat offenders on obscenity charges when they're convicted.
And also that attorneys general should use RICO charges, racketeering charges, basically, to go after producers of obscene material.
Yeah.
If there's one thing Charles Keating hated, it was racketeering.
I will say there were a couple good recommendations in the report as well.
Most of them to do with child pornography.
Yes.
Specifically, like establishing federal guidelines and stuff around that.
One of their things that ended up getting signed into law was that all producers of pornography need to get the ages of the performers and have physical proof in writing of those ages.
That went into law a couple of years later.
So the point is, it wasn't all bad.
No, it wasn't just a conservative thing.
There were a number of different people working on this commission.
They disagreed on a number of things.
And so, like, there's not a whole lot of ban language in it.
There's a lot more of use laws that are still on the books that could be struck down but haven't yet.
There's a lot of, like, form local organizations to pressure City Hall for, you know, local level ordinances that could remove stores from your community.
Except for the federal phone sex ban.
That was, like, the first recommendation.
That didn't happen.
Because that's an interstate thing.
And, yeah, we'll get back to the phone sex thing a little bit later, too.
God, how would you enforce that?
Very carefully.
Luckily for me, it's still there.
I need my phone sex.
Daddy's got to get his dial-a-porn.
I hate to call it dial-a-porn.
It's not catchy.
No.
It feels like it's supposed to be a pun, but it isn't.
One of the first phone sex ads I remember ever seeing on TV was, it was for a gay sex phone service.
And there was a very big, muscly man who was facing a mirror.
And he would turn around, and there was a pimple on the middle of his back.
And he was, like, leaning down to try and pop it.
And it said, call now if you need someone to pop your zits for you or something like that.
Like, that was.
Pop your pimple.
Yeah, it was, like, that was the selling point of the phone sex.
Strong men in leather here to help you with your dermatological issues.
I feel like that would go really well on TikTok now.
Yeah.
All of this is part of Reagan's large, accelerated project to make America great again, as he said in his speech.
He's latching on to culture war issues.
He's bringing forth all the good racism, especially police-level racism, mass incarceration, union busting, and deregulation in ways that Nixon really only could have ever dreamed of.
And just to give you a sense, kind of, of the cultural overtones of this project, as Brian said, like, this is a mixed bag, this report.
It's so fucking long, and it contains contributions from a lot of different perspectives.
Where they sort of put their ideological imprimatur on the report is in the forewords.
Each member of the commission sort of wrote a different statement.
And I have here a quote from James Dobson in the foreword.
The refusal of federal and local officials to check the rising tide of obscenity is a disgrace and an outrage.
It is said that the production and distribution of pornography is the only unregulated industry remaining today, the last vestige of free enterprise in America.
Indeed, the finding emerging from 12 months of testimony before our commission reflected this utter paralysis of government in response to the pornographic plague.
As citizens of a democratic society, we have surrendered our rights to protect ourselves in return for protection by the state.
Thus, our governmental representatives have a constitutional mandate to shield us from harm and criminal activity, including that associated with obscenity.
It is time that our leaders were held accountable for their obvious malfeasance.
And this is after like a full page or two pages of addressing the haters, too.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he calls out his haters.
He can't stop doing it.
He loves to address the haters.
Yeah.
His haters are his motivators.
Yes.
Meanwhile, the lady who's like city council in Scottsdale is like, I'm just happy to be here.
Here's my one page.
Porn is scary.
James Dobson is allowing his haters to become his waiters when he sits down to dine at the table of success.
He does not tip.
He leaves them one of those hundred dollar bills that you flip it over and it's like, have you heard about Jesus?
That's the real hundred dollar bill.
So we've profiled our primary monster.
Now it's time to profile the secondary monster in this sordid saga.
The other in this meat cube.
A certain man known as Theodore Robert Cowell, a.k.a. Ted Bundy.
Born in 1946 in Burlington, Vermont.
Yes.
His mom gave birth to him while living in a boarding house for unwed mothers.
He was raised by his grandparents for the first three years of his life.
Then his mom took him to live with like other relatives out in Washington where she married a man whose last name was Bundy.
By some accounts, those grandparents were actually quite abusive.
But that's not what I heard from him.
And this man always tells me the truth.
He certainly does.
He's known as Honest Ted.
So Ted attends the University of Washington.
He drops out for a little bit, then re-enrolls, graduates in 1972.
And it's around this time that he begins basically his ongoing habit of raping and murdering young women.
And children.
We don't fully know how many victims he had.
No.
And this is going on throughout the 70s.
And finally, in Utah, they get him.
Yeah.
He kidnapped a woman, assaulted her.
She survived.
And going off of that, he got arrested.
And he was on trial.
He got convicted even.
Was on trial for a murder.
And was able to escape prison.
He gets caught.
He escapes again two years later after the second conviction.
And he ends up fleeing, well, kind of all around the country, but eventually to Florida.
And in Florida, he commits a series of rapid attacks and killings that end up being the things that he's executed for.
He is then tried, convicted, and sentenced to death in 1979.
And basically goes through the appeals and clemency process for a decade or so.
Yeah.
But, of course, as the 80s wear on, it's becoming clear that his time is running out.
You know, they justifiably, I think, want to get rid of this guy.
You know, say what you will about the death penalty and its ethics and so forth.
I'm not pro-death penalty, but this guy needed to fry.
I don't really have a problem with the man dying, right?
Usually my opposition to the death penalty is about, like, what authority we give to the state.
Right.
What it does to the people who have to administer that death.
Yeah.
But I'm not going to feel bad for one second that Ted Bundy is not part of this earth.
Nevertheless, Bundy's story becomes such a media sensation that many, many people want to figure out what his deal is.
And some people want to help him find the Lord.
And one of these people is a man named John Tanner.
He's an attorney.
And he prays with Bundy.
He goes to the state penitentiary.
He prays with Bundy.
And it is through John Tanner, then, that Ted Bundy contacts James Dobson in 1987.
So this contact is two years before the execution.
I think Ted personally sends a letter.
James Dobson tells the story a couple of different ways.
Again, slippery guy.
Slippery Jimmy.
Slippin' Jimmy.
In one account, he says Ted mails him.
In another account, he says Ted's lawyer, Polly Nelson, is the one who gets an initial contact with him.
I'm sure both were in contact with him at different points throughout all this because it was two years.
And they said, do not come to the prison for this interview until Ted is about to die.
So he just waits.
It's really important here, again, to point up specifically this guy, John Tanner.
Yeah.
Who is a lawyer who actually ends up becoming a state attorney.
Yeah, just before Ted Bundy gets executed.
Truly insane to me that there wasn't an Odyssey episode about this, considering it's around the time that Odyssey is starting up.
I think that's what the last episode of the Blackard Saga is.
Oh, shit.
Jack comes to Regis and is like, you can turn your life over to Jesus now.
And they decide that he just wants to explode instead.
Right, right, right.
So it's like Blackard makes the opposite decision of Bundy.
Right.
Because James Dobson fully believes that Bundy is in his version of heaven.
Yes.
Because he found Jesus at the end.
And he seems to believe this genuinely, Dobson.
Yeah, I think so.
Because, yeah, Ted Bundy does have sort of a last minute conversion experience, thanks to John Tanner.
Yeah.
And it is because of this ongoing communication that James Dobson gets the invitation to interview Bundy.
So this death warrant has a very short deadline, 10 days.
Yeah.
Because for the last decade, they've been getting stays on this execution left and right.
You know, it'll be some new thing.
It'll be some diagnosis thing.
It'll be.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to admit to it.
Oh, here's some.
Maybe I can do the Hannibal Lecter thing and help profile the Green River killer.
Right.
That's another thing that happens.
Maybe it's like this slow drip feed of information.
Here are some new killings that were not attributed to me that I'm admitting to now.
And I could admit to even more and help get bodies found if I stay alive.
Right.
And so the last big thing is I'm a Christian.
I turn my life to Jesus.
How about that?
Yeah.
Part of me like understands Dobson's approach to this.
Right.
Like what an incredible redemption narrative.
Like the worst person you can ever imagine finds Jesus and is redeemed.
And now is here to warn us all about the dangers that he faced.
So we don't become like him.
A good get.
Yeah.
For the Lord.
Big dub.
Yeah.
Dobson also talks about this interview all the fucking time.
All the time.
I think it's in every book I've read of his so far.
Yeah.
The last time I saw him cite it was this year on his blog in April.
Oh my God.
Wow.
I mean up until a few years ago they were still selling the tape on their website.
Yeah.
We're going to talk about this as we continue like our coverage of this interview and like
Dobson's obsession with it.
But God damn Dobson really likes Ted Bundy in a way that's so.
He keeps being like no I don't approve of his stuff.
But it is pretty impressive that he was able to kill all those people.
Right.
Like it was pretty cool how he was able to do all that.
You're like no James.
No.
So in these last 10 days John Tanner like three weeks ago has been elected state attorney
for Florida.
He gets requests from Ted that are attempts to prolong Ted's own life and he kind of
passes them on but he doesn't pursue them further.
I think he's genuinely worried about a degree of conflict of interest.
Plus he has no qualms about the death penalty whatsoever.
He's he was proudly able to sentence a number of people to death in Florida including Eileen
Wuornos in 2000 2001 something like that.
And Dobson has no issues with the death penalty either.
His big thing is just complaining that some people were too happy about it.
Right.
His whole thing is just attitude.
It's all about attitude.
So the state of Florida has set Ted's execution date for January 24 1989 four days after the
inauguration of President George Bush who ran on a very strongly law and order type platform
which I think is interesting.
I'm not saying that Florida did it to be like we got our guy in office.
Let's go.
I am saying that Florida went for Bush over Dukakis by like a 60 40 margin.
But on January 23 the afternoon before the scheduled execution James Dobson shows up at
the Florida State Prison in Rayford Florida with a camera crew in tow and he is here to
conduct what will likely be Ted Bundy's final interview.
Yeah.
Right after the interview he signs a series of contracts with Bundy's lawyer stating that if
Bundy's execution gets another stay.
If somehow you know the governor's like you know what let's pump this out again.
The interview will be embargoed in perpetuity.
But yeah if Bundy dies Dobson can do whatever he wants with it.
Bundy's whole like modus operandi in all of this is is sort of my biggest question mark.
I understand you know Dobson what Dobson gets out of it because it doesn't seem like this
is going to get Bundy out of jail right like him.
No it's not going to be out of jail.
No but maybe delaying death.
Might buy him a little more time.
Yeah.
I mean I don't know why why he would agree to do something that's that would like that
would quash the interview if he lives.
Because I think I don't Dobson's word if Dobson came out and said I think this guy should
live.
I don't think that's as important as giving off an image of a truly remorseful Ted Bundy.
I see that solidifies it by actually giving Dobson an incentive not to not to come out
in favor of keeping Ted Bundy alive.
The last thing that I want to talk about before we get to the actual interview is the press
conference that Dobson held right after he got out of the prison.
You know he had signed off on all the contracts and he meets the press for 15 minutes and I
think it's fascinating because like Jake you said this before we started recording by this
point Dobson was very well versed in interacting with the media and here you can tell that he
knows exactly what he wants to do.
He goes up to this crowd of people in the media and he hands them all a printed version of his
resume.
This is look always be hustling.
You know you got a this is detailed in James Dobson's war on America by Alexander Mogul Lee.
I don't know how to say his fucking name.
But that guy.
Yeah.
Gil Alexander Mogul.
Yeah.
Magoo Gly.
So so Magoo Gly's whole thing was that he was the co-host of Dobson's radio show with
him until 1987.
And then he's he's also a crank and a freak and his book is like really salacious and
not the most trustworthy.
But there are some just detailed accounts of things, including the verbatim printing
of this resume that just says James Clayton Dobson, Ph.D.
Founder and president focus on the family.
14 years associate clinical professor of pediatrics, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
hands this to every member of the media so that they know what he is, that they don't call
him a pastor because that makes him mad.
And they do it anyway.
And you can see when he's doing the press conference every time they ask him a question,
he makes sure to repeat it on mic.
This guy knows what he's doing.
He's like a politician at this point.
At this point, he is more of a pastor than he is a psychologist, which his his attempts
to push back and deny is also through land through his work that I find really interesting.
Yeah.
I think it's like a credibility thing.
He's just so comfortable with people.
I'm also thinking about how excited he must have felt in that interview.
Like, yeah, everyone wanted this interview.
He was on such a high.
Now he gets to talk, but but not in too much detail to all these reporters who are hanging
on his every word.
And he knows it's going to be like the main story for weeks to come.
He loves being the guy like somebody just asked him point blank.
Like, hey, so Ted Bundy is like a really manipulative guy who's like a pathological liar.
Like, are you sure that he was telling you the truth?
And Dobson's like, I 100 percent believe that he was telling me the truth.
And there's a woman that's right behind him that looks like a bullet has shot by her face
because she does this amazing like quick like turn almost falls over in disbelief.
It's incredible.
And that's kind of how I felt like, how could you be such an ignoramus to believe that this
pathological liar at the end of his life like suddenly agrees with everything that you've
built your career on up until that point especially works if you don't have the context for anything
Ted Bundy did aside from just, oh, he's a guy who killed a bunch of people.
Here's his death row interview.
Yeah.
If you don't watch the old interviews with him when he's before he does his first escape
where he's talking about how he's definitely not going to escape or when he like co-wrote
a book with an interviewer that was basically the forerunner to OJ Simpson's If I Did It,
where he's describing all the crimes, surmising how they might have been done.
Right.
He's admitting to murders at this time that he probably did not commit.
Right.
There are parts of the record of the 30, 35, whatever.
Like there are many kills that he claims that are not his.
There are many kills that he doesn't claim that probably are his.
We just have no idea what he did and to whom at what time.
Well, Jake, I'm wondering, you know, when you see Dobson saying, for an example, like,
yes, I 100 percent believe him.
Do you think he's telling the truth?
Do you think he's actually that gormless and gullible?
Or do you think that he's got his own game going on here?
I think it's a combination of a lot of hubris and narcissism.
And again, it makes a really good story.
If this is the belief that like, oh, this salvation can truly transform a person's heart,
then of course he's telling the truth.
He has Jesus now.
Why would he lie?
His lying in this way would bring him nothing.
And I think James Dobson also convinced himself that it's true.
Yeah.
Dobson believes that he is perfect, right?
That he is a perfect holy vessel on this planet for the Lord's design.
So he, you know, Bundy couldn't lie to him because you can't lie to God.
Yeah.
He's got a spiritual gift.
He can figure out if he's lying too.
In this press conference, he looks very authoritative in a way that in the interview,
he looks like he is getting his ass handed to him at every turn.
And the note I took here for the interview version of Dobson is, uh, you would think with the amount of money Dobson got from killing kids,
he could at least afford glasses that would fit his face.
The entire interview, they're askew and look, and his head is tilted to the side.
Like he looks like if, if, if like a mole were granted the gift of eyesight, like it's just, he looks so off of his game here.
Yeah.
In a way that when he's at the press conference, he's walking on cloud nine, but God, it is so clear that he is so terrified to be in the same room as Ted Bundy.
Well, wouldn't you be?
I mean, come on.
Of course I would.
And the thing he, yeah.
And the thing he talks about how there's two guards, there's like three guards surrounding Bundy so that Bundy doesn't leap across the table and like yank his throat out at any moment.
But it's just like the fact that he comes out there going, yeah, I totally dommed Ted Bundy.
And I'm like my, my buddy, you did not.
Because on the one hand, if the stay gets granted, then Dobson's word is what happened.
And if the stay doesn't get granted, he has exclusive ownership and distribution rights over the most coveted half hour in American television.
And that's exactly what happens.
By 7 a.m. on January 24, 1989, Ted Bundy is dead.
Yay.
And people in Florida came out to celebrate outside the prison.
People held frying pans in their hands.
You know, fried Teddy fries, what they were chanting.
What I will say about this interview is that it is certainly a performance, right?
There isn't a, I think, truthful moment from him in the entirety beyond a couple of looks that he gives that are absolutely chilling.
Yes.
But he's not a virtuoso.
This is not, you know, people talk about Ted Bundy like he was some kind of fucking master, you know, the handsomest, sexiest man who could convince anyone of anything.
It turns out you can just convince people of stuff by just saying it flat.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like most people are honest in most of their dealings day to day and they assume honesty in other people.
And Ted Bundy, who looks clean here, I don't, I don't really buy.
He's not busted, I guess, but he's not like a super attractive dude.
And when you look at him in the 70s, that guy looked like a fucking wolf man.
He was freaky as shit.
But people always overplay this like handsome, you know, they cast Zac Efron to play him in a Netflix movie or Luke Kirby for that Elijah Wood movie.
You could see it in the eyes and the intensity of it, I suppose, like where the charisma came from.
And he knew how to tell people what they wanted to hear, which is exactly what he does in this interview, right?
Dobson repeatedly gives him very leading questions.
Yeah.
He's portrayed often by these very beautiful people.
It's very handsome.
And I think this interview plays into that as well.
Here's this charismatic, mysterious, complicated, like kind of person that's supposed to just know he's a piece of shit through and through.
Yeah.
He just sucks.
Like sometimes a dude just sucks.
He just lies.
You can just lie to people.
And so the interview that we watched, the version of the interview that we watched was broadcast in 1989 on an independent Christian television station in Indianapolis.
Yeah.
That's what you can find in full on YouTube.
Yeah.
Fun little fact about this station, just because I looked into it later.
Up until last month, they continued to be an independent Christian channel, but they couldn't make ends meet.
So they had to become a Univision affiliate, which I just think is so fucking funny.
I love that.
So now it's just, you know, Spanish language programming.
Now it's just Spanish.
Yep.
Anyway, this interview begins with Dobson saying, you know, hey, Ted, it's 2 30 p.m.
What's on your mind, man?
And Ted is on message from the jump.
He says, I'm calm in large part because I'm here with you.
Come on, man.
Get fucking real.
The only person on this planet that would be calmer by having James Dobson that close to your face.
Yeah.
So this is what the sort of opening salvo sounds like here from Dobson.
Yeah.
And the sound is going to be weird.
I've pulled this from a couple of different sources.
This main broadcast has very poor sound.
There are a couple of different kinds of noises going on throughout the interview.
So I've grabbed from here and from a much cleaner source, you're going to sometimes hear the audio kind of jump back and forth in different ways.
And it's going to sound weird either way, even with the cleanup that I've tried to do, because that's just the nature of things.
But yeah, bear with us here.
I think it's mostly legible.
First of all, you, as I understand it, were raised in what you consider to have been a healthy home.
Absolutely.
You were not physically abused.
You were not sexually abused.
You were not emotionally abused.
No.
No way.
And that's part of the tragedy of this whole situation is because I grew up in a wonderful home with two dedicated and loving parents, one of five brothers and sisters.
A home where we as children were the focus of my parents' lives, where we regularly attended church.
Two Christian parents who did not drink.
They did not smoke.
There was no gambling.
There was no physical abuse and fighting in the home.
I'm not saying this was leave it the beaver.
It wasn't perfect.
Well, no, I don't know that such a home exists.
But it was a fine, solid Christian home.
And nobody, I hope no one will try to take the easy way out and to try to blame or otherwise accuse my family of contributing to this because I know, and I'm trying to tell you as honestly as I know how, what happened.
And I think this is a message I'm going to get across.
So what jumps out at me here at first is just this really weird, circuitous manner of speaking that he has.
Yeah.
It's so clearly calculated to a purpose, right?
He knows who Dobson is.
He knows what Dobson's whole like what he's looking to hear.
And so he's regularly calibrating his speech to match those ideological priors.
I'd be very curious to know, and I don't think we ever will, but I'd be very curious to know how many of Dobson's broadcasts he's listened to.
Yeah.
He knows Dobson and he knows the way these guys talk because of his relationship with John Tanner.
Right.
Right.
So he knows he knows the lingo.
He's read the Mies report.
He knows precisely what they're looking for.
He hasn't scripted himself out to say exactly the way that he wants to say it, but he does have the points that he wants to hit.
But it's like when someone talked to Donald Trump in the morning about like one issue and he's just kind of doing his usual thing, Graydon Carter, whatever.
And then he's like, but then in Syria, there's a big problem in Syria today.
And then he says something like weirdly specific.
And then he kind of says it four times.
And then he goes back to Graydon Carter and whoever was mean to him.
Ted is just hitting the points.
And I think a lot of time it's just sort of mirroring.
It's just sort of bouncing and seeing how Dobson is reacting to it.
And then, oh, OK, this is the thing to hit Christian home.
But like we said before, with his family, he says, oh, it wasn't leave it to Beaver to say it basically was leave it to Beaver.
I was raised by two loving parents.
And for the most part, he's kind of not lying.
Like, you know, he was partly raised by his grandparents when he was very, very young, thinking that they were his real parents.
And I think even while his mom was raising him with with her new husband, Bundy, he still thought that she was his sister, for instance, until he was a teenager.
But he was being raised by her.
And this man, he was very religious.
They did go to church, just sort of a normal working class like cook.
The grandparents, we kind of go back and forth.
It seems like there are enough accounts from other relatives saying his grandparents were abusive to think that he probably did face some very early childhood abuse.
But it depended on the day and it depended on the usefulness of that testimony.
Whether Bundy said he had any abusive situation as a child or not.
For people like Ted Bundy, there's this like lack of an inner world.
And so they're like it's both a strategic move to match and mirror in that way.
But it's also just how he navigates any given situation.
The facade is very multiple.
And this is him very much settling into that groove.
OK, here's what I think you want to hear.
Let's try some things out.
Let's throw some things.
Let's build a narrative together that works for me.
Could you just explain a little bit more like the concept of mirroring in psychology what that is and what that does?
Yeah, it's not inherently a bad thing.
As a therapist, when someone comes in to my therapy room, I try to match their energy to you.
So they're having a good day.
They're up here.
They'll be a little bit more engaged or I can tell that they're sad.
I'll be a little bit more reserved and quiet.
It's it's good to build a connection.
It's good to feel like you are being understood and being seen.
But the way that Bundy does it and also the way that Dobson does it often is very manipulative.
I think there's something about like how both of these men also have a very specific agenda, which is fear based.
Right.
Like he talks a lot about how I was.
It wasn't Leave it to Beaver.
No such family, I think, exists.
But I had a very normal childhood, which means that a person like me could happen at any time.
Yeah.
Right.
He wants us to be scared in the same way that Dobson wants us to be scared because it allows Dobson to have more power.
Fear is great for control.
Ted then goes on.
It's like, yeah.
So I was Jerry Mather.
I was the beaver.
I was hanging out with Wally and Lumpy and Whitey and Eddie Haskell, that rascal.
Oh, my God.
And one day, the day before I climbed into the big billboard with the steaming teacup on it, I just happened to walk through the woods and I found some pornos.
Yeah.
Lying around.
Oh, no.
But as a young boy, and I mean a boy of 12 or 13, certainly, that I encountered outside the home again.
12 or 13.
In the local grocery store, the local drugstore, the softcore pornography, what people call softcore.
Archie Comics.
But as I think I explained to you last night, Dr. Dobson, in an anecdote, as young boys do, we explored the back roads and sideways and byways of our neighborhood.
He's so fucking annoying.
Get to the point, bitch.
The garbage and whatever they were cleaning out of their house.
And from time to time, we'd come across pornographic books of a harder nature than books.
More graphic, you might say, more explicit nature than we would encounter, let's say, in your local grocery store.
And this also included such things as, let's say, detective magazines and more hardcore.
Those that involve violence.
Yes, yes.
And this is something I think that I want to emphasize is the most damaging kinds of pornography.
Again, I'm talking from personal experience.
Hard, real personal experience.
The most damaging kinds of pornography are those that involve violence and sexual violence.
Because the wedding of those two forces, as I am the only two well, brings about behavior that is just too terrible to describe.
One of the most interesting things to me about this interview is that every so often, Dobson will do something like what we just heard there.
We'll kind of lean and be like, oh, so you mean things with violence.
It's like that he didn't say that.
Like, like, yes, that's probably where he was going.
He's not asking, could you be more specific?
Right.
Or could you describe why that was the thing?
No, he leads it.
Yeah.
So he's leading him sort of down a very specific path.
And Bundy is clearly hoping for him to do this because it makes it a lot easier for him.
It means that he no longer has to compile a narrative of his own that's going to match what Dobson is looking for.
Instead, he can just follow the breadcrumbs that Dobson is leaving for him.
Right.
And that lack of specificity means that I, at the end of this interview, don't know even exactly what kind of hardcore pornography he's talking about.
Really?
He said he was led to his violence by detective novels.
And I'm like, Dick Tracy did this to you?
No, it was detective comics, actually.
It was bad.
So you'll notice that the sound got worse when he mentioned detective novels.
The clean sound that I have of this is from Dobson's lecture, right?
The tape that he releases where he's talking to the kids about jacking it to Borno's.
Which we'll be talking about more later in this episode, by the way.
When it gets bad is when I'm back on that Indiana Christian TV station.
So that's something he cut because it's passe.
No kid is reading, you know, slutty, sleazy detective pulp novels.
But if you were a kid growing up in the 50s, you'd be aware of this sort of thing.
Right.
You know, these these crime magazines would be like they were called true detective or fact detective was another weird little term of the dial a porn of true crime.
And they were usually based on true criminal stories, but they were fabulized.
They were told in a fictional way and usually involving some woman in a negligee on the cover.
So when he's talking to Dorothy Ottenau Lewis, a psychiatrist who he doesn't interview with the morning of this very same day and who's been working with him for a while because she was brought on by the defense.
He claims to her making no mention in his teenage years of seeing porno mags.
He tells her he goes to the library and reads pulp detective novels for a rush for a sort of sexual thrill years earlier.
He also said this to Bill Hagmeyer.
Bill Hagmeyer, it should be noted, is a detective.
So he tells a detective that he's really into detective magazines in and to complicate this further to Ann Rule, the author of The Stranger Beside Me, his old friend who used to work at the suicide hotline with him.
She wrote this whole book about him.
He wrote her a letter saying he never read crime magazines and he didn't know why anyone would.
A former girlfriend of his said that she never saw porn at his house and thought that was kind of notable.
She was kind of used to seeing like a guy who would have like a playboy in his bedroom.
There are accounts from neighbors and relatives and Ted's own accounts again to Dr. Lewis about really when he was a teenager peeping into windows.
That was his thing.
That was his main sexual activity.
And and also occasionally just taking his clothes off and going into the woods nude for a while when he was like 13 or 14.
Dorothy Otna Lewis, it should be noted, is someone who has a very specific theory that she is always trying to push in the same way that James Dobson is.
She is one of those people who shows up in court trials all the time and has a professional reputation that depends on the theory that spree criminals, serial killers are operating often with cases of DID, dissociative identity disorder, and are committing their murders while in a manic or hypomanic state.
OK, that will come up again later.
Yeah, I was going to say, yeah, you hear that also weaved into Bundy's testimony.
Wow.
But it doesn't.
What a piece of shit.
It doesn't feel coherent.
No, does it?
No.
And the thing that he says to Dr. Lewis isn't necessarily true either.
He could be telling Dobson largely truthful things.
But the thing is, we just can't trust it.
Right.
There's just simply no point that we can look at and say, well, this is the one time that Ted Bundy is being honest.
So here's one for you, Jake.
In your practice, if you have somebody who's coming in and, you know, telling you stuff that seems like maybe it doesn't quite add up or, you know, different things from different perspectives, different pieces that sound like the truth, but maybe they're not the full truth.
What do you do?
Like, what is what is obviously with Ted Bundy?
There was no way to ever really get the truth out of it.
But like in psychology, what is the best practice for this?
Well, my job is not to be a detective.
So in some cases, the person's lived experience, whether or not that's actually true matters more.
But I often find that when people are not being fully honest, they're not good at being consistent at that.
And so there'll be bits and pieces where they'll say something that's like that.
OK, well, you said this thing over here.
So without being directly accusatory, I'll just say like, hey, connect those two bits for me.
I don't understand how they fit.
People are really bad at lying consistently.
And we see this.
Yeah.
Bundy doesn't have one set story.
He's telling people what they want to hear.
But he's telling a thousand people a thousand different stories.
And I think there's even a degree.
You know, you tell a story long enough.
It becomes this weird sort of thing, even if you're telling the truth.
If you just sort of decide on an interpretation of that story.
Like I was in a bad car accident once and I had to tell that story to 911.
I had to tell my parents about it.
I had to tell an insurer.
I had to tell another insurer.
And you say it over and over and over again.
And in telling the truth, it stops being kind of real.
Right.
And so when you're creating this sort of fabulous.
And I don't know if it's maybe different for someone with psychopathy in their diagnosis.
But like you, you, this is years of sort of formulating an answer for why he did what he did.
After years of saying, I did not do it.
At what point does Ted Bundy even know?
Ted Bundy is clearly lying.
But it's not that he secretly holds the truth in himself.
I don't think he knows what the truth is.
When you remember something, you're not remembering the event.
You're remembering the last time you remembered it.
Yeah.
So all those little shifts in memory build up over time.
And with someone who is so empty inside that it just shifts so rapidly and easily and fluidly.
Yeah.
Live in the moment derogatory.
So Dobson, here's what Bundy is saying here, right?
About like these different things that he saw, these different things that he's experienced.
And that sort of lays the table to try to tease out what Dobson wants to see as the core narrative,
which of course is the porno made me do it.
Right.
And Dobson asks him, you know, what was happening in your mind?
And it's interesting here because Bundy is very clear and very specific that he's not blaming the porno for what he did.
In fact, he takes, he says, he says, he claims that he takes full responsibility.
But really for him, that's probably because he wants to own it.
Like not in a, not in a repentant, I did something wrong sense, but that he did this thing and he still relishes the memory of it.
You see at multiple points where he starts to go back there and you see him close his eyes and experience it again.
That is the most horrible thing about this interview.
And that's the only true thing about it, which I think is what you were saying, AJ, earlier.
Sure. And I take full responsibility is what his case is trying to push right now.
It's the last chance that they have to get that stay.
And it's very good rhetorically if you're talking to an evangelical Christian.
Mm hmm.
Mm hmm.
You still have to acknowledge that you are sinful.
You are a sinner.
You have committed a grave act.
It was influenced by all these other things, but you still have agency.
OK, so that that that is my question.
So Dobson believes himself to be a perfect holy being.
But also a sinner.
Is that a thing?
No, because he's not sinning.
But Ted Bundy was sinning.
Does Dobson believe that he himself has ever sinned?
Ever?
Yes.
Yeah. In the past.
Yeah. Yeah. OK. OK.
I didn't know if he was.
In the process of sanctification.
Yeah. Correct.
Yeah.
Holy.
Oh, I see.
Oh, for time.
In the past.
There was a moment.
Yeah, it was not a it was not some sort of immaculate conception.
Yeah. Sorry.
That's my Catholicism sort of getting in there.
But also he was perfect.
Well, the only other person who was perfect was Mary.
So.
But it's like.
But I like.
So that just means that Dobson woke up one day.
I was like, yep.
OK, I'm good.
Yeah.
Like he just like fully just like, oh, today's the day that I have become pure.
Yeah.
This is the day that the Lord has made.
Oh, dear God.
Let us rejoice.
And be glad on it.
And be sad on it.
Oh.
I mean, he's just not intellectually curious at all.
He.
Yeah.
Because he believes he is perfect and also really smart.
He has a PhD.
He's a psychologist.
All these things.
He never has to question any of his assumptions and beliefs and narratives in any like real meaningful
way.
So he looked in Ted Bundy's eyes and saw him telling the truth.
Yeah.
No one can tell him that's not real.
And he doesn't have to question if that's real or not, or if he was perhaps manipulated.
Yeah.
He knows he's real.
And that's end of sentence.
That's the end of the story.
Well, it's something very interesting that happens right after that, too, because they have
that moment of connection, like you said.
And then Dobson's like, OK, now it's time to bring it forward to the next stage of the
narrative that I have about porno, which is that at some point, you know, you reach
the edge and there's this edge where the porno can only take you so far.
And then at that point, you have to stop for a bit.
That's right.
And then you can start edging again.
But only when the nice lady tells you, you can.
You have to let it linger.
Did you have to let it linger?
Basically, Dobson says, like, what pushed you over the edge?
Because Dobson also asks him how long he was sort of in this state of being like agitated
with the pornos before he started murdering Ted hems and haws and ultimately says that it
was like a few years.
And so naturally, the next question is, well, what pushed you over the edge?
Once again, Ted balks.
He's like, well, it wasn't that I was pushed over the edge like I did this.
I was not helpless.
I was not forced into this.
However, he talks then about the sensation of doing it.
This is when you see him reliving it.
Dobson is like, well, was it a frenzy?
Once again, he balks.
It's like, well, it wasn't a frenzy because that means that I didn't have agency.
But then he remembers another thing that he wants to bring in, which is the alcohol.
Another factor here that I haven't mentioned is the use of alcohol.
But I think that what alcohol did in conjunction with, let's say, my exposure to pornography was
alcohol reduced my inhibitions.
At the same time, the fantasy life that was fueled by pornography eroded them further.
In the early days, you were nearly always about half drunk when you did these things.
Is that right?
Yes.
Yes.
And Dobson kind of prods it even more as like, oh, it was it was always happening.
And Ted starts to hedge more.
It's like, oh, yeah.
Well, mostly.
Well, almost all.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just keep saying.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What's going to get the best reaction here?
He's not really sure.
You can see him being like, what reaction am I trying to get here?
How do I want to play this?
How do I want to angle this?
So then we go back to Dr. Lewis for a second.
Again, her main focus is dissociative identity disorder.
Dorothy Otno Lewis.
So her belief is this dissociative identity, manic or hypomanic phases.
This is when the killing happens.
So when he talks to her, she's able to sort of wheedle out of him this idea that he hears
this other voice in his head, this other Ted that he refers to, even refers to like
when he'd be in the frenzy.
And he does talk about frenzy with her again the same day, the morning he does this interview
with Dobson.
That's wild.
Oh, wow.
And even that voice actually sounds different when he speaks with it.
But I can't believe that because as soon as Dobson is like, it was like a frenzy, wasn't
it?
He's like, no, no, no.
You know, he just he he can't give up too much of his narrative for the sake of control.
Yeah, I would just like to like be even more specific.
Dobson says the phrase sexual frenzy and I could have gone my entire life without hearing
James Dobson use the phrase sexual frenzy.
AJ, the sexual things I have heard specifically from James Dobson in my lifetime.
Just be grateful that we show you what we show you.
Jake, what's the worst thing you've ever heard James Dobson say with regard to sexuality?
Thankfully, I mostly just read his books, which is a different kind of sadism, but I
don't have to hear him.
So it's a little bit more abstracted.
But don't you hear him in your head a little bit, though?
Only my nightmares.
Talk about like the development of why people are gay is really weird.
It's like you didn't see your dad's penis enough in the shower, which feels like he needs
to work through something of himself.
Yeah, it really is weird how in the audio book for a lot of his his books, he just starts
saying edge for me, like just over and over again, like near the end of every chapter.
What were you listening to?
Don't worry about it.
James Dobson and Ashley Fires team up to do some J.O.
eyes.
Yeah.
So with this interview that he did with Dr.
Lewis in that morning, this all shows up in Polly Nelson's book, Defending the Devil.
She was his lawyer at the end of all this.
When he's talking to Dr.
Lewis, he talks about drinking and he mentions the fact that to her, he has never talked about
drinking in any of their other sessions before.
Huh?
In early cases, of course, he said he never drank.
He did drink.
There was in the time that he was representing himself in court because that was happening
for a couple of these cases.
He actually was getting alcohol snuck into him like by by like a security guard who would
put it in like the juice boxes for his jail lunch.
Um, but it's it's hard to tell if he was an alcoholic before that, how he drank, if if
alcohol was was any kind of thing.
It was just another thing that he's folding into the narrative at this point, whether it's
true or not.
But he gets the alcohol in there because he knows it's also red meat to evangelicals.
True.
A good sector of whom do not drink.
So Dobson pulls it right back again.
And we get we get one more interaction here where he's trying to get him to say what he
wants to hear.
Some people would say that, well, I.
I've seen that stuff and it doesn't do anything to me and I can understand that I don't.
Virtually everyone can be exposed to so-called pornography.
And while they're aroused to it to one degree or another, not go out and do anything wrong.
Now, addictions are like that.
They affect some people more than they affect others.
Thanks, James.
There is a percentage of people affected by hardcore pornography in a very silent way.
And you're obviously one of them.
That was a major component.
Obviously.
And I don't know why I was vulnerable to it.
All I know is that it had an impact on me that was just so central to the development of
the violent behavior that I engaged in.
Well, one, and this is kind of my whole thesis with Ted Bundy and this interview, it's that
it's not the porn.
There's a lot of things, but it's also the lead, like the lead in the gasoline, the lead
in the environment.
That's why we saw a huge spike in violence in this time and why, after taking lead out
of things, we've had an incredible decrease in violent crime, even though I would argue
rates of pornography consumption have increased and the intensity of mainstream porn has also
increased.
Yeah, there's something being contended with in the 80s where we had a significant drop in
violent crime basically following the New Deal.
So in the mid 30s, during the Great Depression, crimes of all sorts start to drop off after
this major public investment.
Through the 40s, the 50s into most of the 60s, it stays really low.
And then as the 60s give way to the 70s and through the 70s and through the 80s and then
peaking right around the end of the 80s, early 90s, depending on how this stuff gets tallied,
we're seeing crime rates that are now slightly above where they were in the 1920s, 1910s,
1900s.
And since then, in our lifetimes, basically, Josh and AJ and I, like at the point that we
are born, it all sinks like a stone again, just like during the New Deal.
And a big factor in this has to be leaded gasoline and lead in the air that you breathe.
And we do have still just mass murder, usually more in the form of things like mass shootings.
Now, it happens all at once.
But crime on the whole has dropped.
It is nothing like what it was in the 70s and the 80s.
More lies here from Ted, unsurprisingly.
I'm just like doing the fucking CinemaSins thing every time Ted lies.
You know, he says that like he was totally normal except for this one small part of his
life.
And then.
Yeah, it wasn't like a pervert.
Again, he contradicts this.
He says that he used to like go on trips to Times Square and trawl around all the porno
shops looking for filth and crime magazines.
And here also, James Dobson says, oh, so you mean you compartmentalized it?
It's like, that's not what he was saying, James.
That's what you said.
Nobody is listening in this conversation.
It's like the fucking Elon Musk, Jordan Peterson interview.
Driving the point home even further.
Bundy doubles down on this and makes another claim where it's like, yeah, it could be me.
It could be anybody.
I'm no social scientist and I haven't done a survey.
I mean, I don't pretend that I know what John Q.
Citizen thinks about this.
But I've lived in prison for a long time now.
And I've met a lot of men who were motivated to commit violence just like me.
And without exception, every one of them was deeply involved in pornography.
He starts talking like a pastor.
Without exception, deeply influenced and consumed by an addiction to pornography.
I'm really surprised that Ted Bundy in a locked chamber full of only men has come across some guys who are jacking it to porno.
Right.
But you do notice that all of a sudden he sounds like a complete literally sounds like a different person.
Even the voice that he was doing there, it was like he was doing an impression of somebody else.
Specifically Dobson.
Yeah.
He puts on a little bit of Dobson's southern accent in there.
It's taking the mirroring to an absolute extreme.
And Dobson must have felt over the moon at this point.
Right?
He's like, this is just a normal, this is the most normal man I've ever met.
I'm going to think about this interview every day for the next 40 years.
Yeah.
Like, do you think that Dobson was, I mean, to the extent that you can enjoy something like this, do you think he was enjoying it at this point?
Oh, absolutely.
Right.
He feels important.
He feels so special because this was the last interview that was granted.
There is a lot of matching and stuff that's going on.
And just hearing exactly what he wants to hear, I think he feels that connection.
And I also think he has big dollar signs in his eyes just progressively as this interview goes on.
It's like, oh, yeah.
Oh, this is going to play real well.
That's exact.
That's the clip that we want.
Hey, whoa, whoa.
Hey, hey.
Okay.
So the money of this is not going to James Dobson.
Let's be very clear about that.
Come on.
He is making no money off of this.
Correct.
Thank you, John Mulaney.
Have you ever noticed that when you go and interview a serial killer on death row, they're always fake crying and then looking at you to make sure that you notice that they were fake crying?
Yeah, that was a really notable piece here is, you know, you get the crocodile tears start to come out here, too.
Yeah.
He does that thing where he's, like, trying really hard to, like, squint up his eyes to get a little bit of a tear to come out.
You can hear him going, ooh.
He pulls it off, though.
He actually gets some real, some, like, some big tears, and they just kind of sit there on his face for the rest of the interview.
And then he looks him right in the eyes, tells him exactly what he wants him to hear.
This is the script that he, this is 100% every single word that he needed to say.
And what scares me, and let's come into the present now, because what I'm talking about happened 30, 20, 30 years ago, that is in my formative stages.
And what scares and appalls me, Dr. Dobson, is when I see what's on cable TV, some of the movies, I mean, some of the violence in the movies that come into homes today with stuff that they wouldn't show in X-rated adult theaters 30 years ago.
This stuff is, I mean, some of the movies that you're talking about.
That stuff is, I'm telling you, from personal experience, the most, that is, graphic violence on screen.
Particularly as it gets into the home to children who may be unattended or unaware that they may be a Ted Bundy who has that vulnerability to that predisposition to be influenced by that kind of behavior, by that kind of movie, that kind of violence.
There are kids sitting out there, switching the TV dial around, and come upon these movies late at night, or I don't know when they're on, but they're on.
Of course you don't know when they're on, you don't have TV.
It's scary, what I think would have happened to me if I had seen, I'm scary enough.
What would have happened to me, Ted Bundy? I might have become Ted Bundy.
He's talking about watching cable movies, watching movies on the home box office network that are like Friday the 13th sequels.
He has been in prison for the last decade.
He does not have cable.
He's reading about this in magazines and hearing about it from James Dobson on the radio.
Well, he's smiling here, too.
Like he's he this is where he really starts enjoying the fact that he is.
He can he can see that he's reeling Dobson in and he really starts to enjoy it here.
America. I mean, humans in general are have a lot of violence.
It's just part of how we navigate a cruel world.
But America specifically was founded on genocide and slavery.
So it's always been an incredibly violent culture that people have always been exposed to.
And just the fact that you're seeing it in a different medium to me doesn't make any meaningful difference.
Also, Dobson will discard any of these.
But we have a lot of studies that show there's not really meaningful correlation between violence on TV or video games or whatever.
And real world violence.
Again, like we've had a lot of video games, more video games than ever.
We've had a lot of violent media, TV shows, movies and violence has been on the decline our entire lives.
Right. It's almost as if you if you have an outlet for some of that stuff, perhaps you don't or it's just not related.
It's hard, you know, it's just anyway.
Or the ways that are related are really complicated and nuanced.
And it's not a one to one of like you see this and then you do this.
The ways that it moves to the brain, we don't really understand.
Well, that's the thing. It just depends on the right kind of person, the certain kind of person who loves to get half drunk on beers and get really crazy looking at Playboy mags.
By the way, something about that last Bundy clip that I also wanted to mention is that as he's going through that bit, he mentions that there ought to be a ban on phone and mail order porn.
Just like was recommended in the Mies report.
It's like you actually read all 2000 pages of that shit, Ted.
God damn it. Ted is also regularly just getting nude photos from women all around the country every single day that he is on death row.
So many that he just starts giving it away to the other inmates.
Dobson takes a moment to ask one last question about Ted's final confirmed victim, who was a 12 year old named Kimberly Leach.
And this is how that interaction goes.
One of the final murders that you committed, of course, was apparently little Kimberly Leach, 12 years of age.
I think the public outcry is greater there because an innocent child was taken from a from a playground.
What did you feel after that?
What was there?
Were there the normal emotions three days later?
Where were you, Ted?
I can't really talk about that right now.
That's too painful.
I would like to.
It must be so hard for him.
Today, to you, what that, that experience is like, but I can't, I won't be able to talk about that.
So I want to just read a little something here.
This is from the end of Polly Nelson's book, Defending the Devil.
This is the very last two paragraphs of it.
When I finally could, I watched the videotape of Ted's interview with the Reverend Dr. James Dobson, which had occurred on Ted's last afternoon.
Extremely loud, incorrect buzzer on the Reverend Dr.
My meeting with him that same day came flooding back to me.
It was the same Ted, the same hesitant voice and furtive eye contact, the same self-conscious face, the same washed out yellow t-shirt.
Ted had been bound and determined to make that tape with Dobson.
Even though it was to be broadcast only after his death, I had asked Ted to do me one favor as his lawyer and not discuss the Florida crimes.
Just in case we got a stay of execution at the very last minute.
On the tape, Dobson asks him about the murder of Kimberly Leach.
Ted hesitates and glances around, deciding what to do.
I love that moment.
I'm sorry, that sounds chirpy, like being very happy about a stay of execution for the murder of innocent victims,
but I love to see Ted struggling with my instructions.
Deciding whether to restrain himself or do as he pleases, assert control.
He finally chokes out that he can't talk about it, though he'd like to.
That few seconds of film is Ted's gift to me.
The Reverend Dobson interprets his hesitation as overwhelming remorse.
That was my gift to Ted.
This is one of the most lawyer-brained people on the entire planet.
She's so diseased.
But it's great to hear the other side of that.
Yeah.
And Dobson, at some point, has to know this book exists.
At the very least, it was highly publicized.
And right there at the end of the book, she's like, this guy's a fucking dupe.
Yeah.
And he is, right?
Because here's the thing, right?
I'm not saying that I would not, I'm any better and that I wouldn't be completely bamboozled by a guy like Ted Bundy.
Oh, I'd be better.
I'm really smart.
No, no, but that's the thing, right?
He'd tell me the truth.
You've been sanctified.
Yeah, that's true.
I would at least go in knowing that he was going to bamboozle me and be like, hey, he's very good at this.
Yeah.
And I'm very gullible.
So he will manipulate me.
Whatever I say, do not trust it.
Because this guy will have gotten in my head.
And by all accounts, he got into every single person's head he ever fucking talked to because the man was very good at that one particular skill.
And it takes a mind as egocentric as Dobson to just be like, no, but I'm built different.
Well, and that's not Dobson's reason for being there.
He's not there to catch Ted Bundy in a lie.
He's not a lawyer.
He's not there as a psychologist.
He's not creating a profile of Ted Bundy.
He's just there to hear that it was the pornos.
So that's what he does.
He gets it done.
He does his job.
Right.
For his own personal gain.
And he gets everything out of it.
Yeah, he gets duped.
But he also dupes Ted in his own way.
Just we're so bad at really understanding what's going on in the minds of other people in general.
And so it's a natural thing to do to just assume other people's intentions.
And by and large, OK, it's a way to just navigate the world.
But in times like this, or even with the lawyer, like I actually wonder that pause for Bundy, what was actually going through his head?
Was it grappling with the lawyer?
Or I don't really think it was remorse granted, but like maybe it was just self-preservation on its own.
Or maybe it is this like that.
There is a thing for some serial killers where when their victims are children, there's a lot more shame around it.
Whereas when it's adult victims, they tend to be a little bit more perversely proud of it in some way.
Like there's that control.
There's that empowerment.
So I don't know.
Yeah.
Which is also kind of the point that we're talking about here.
Dobson just assumes like, oh, it's clearly remorse.
I don't have to question it.
I'm not being manipulated in any meaningful way.
But Dobson asks Bundy in the final question if he deserves his punishment.
And once again, Bundy spins up a string of word salad, right?
He says he deserves the most extreme punishment and society deserves to be protected from me.
But you know what?
But society also deserves to be protected from itself.
Whoa!
Yeah.
Whoa!
Yeah.
We live in one of those.
I know, right?
And Dobson's like, you know, you've accepted Jesus Christ.
Do you draw strength from that?
And it's like, oh, brother!
This guy stinks!
Well, thankfully, this doesn't have any ramifications going on down the line.
That's right.
Sorry, I just saw the runtime at the bottom of the episode.
I guess some stuff happened after this.
And we'll get to that stuff that happened after this.
After this.
Ooh!
Jesus!
Jesus!
Okay, and we are rolling.
This is Ted Tyndale, reporter for the Raleigh Reader, Raleigh's number one source for local news and Sunday funnies.
It's 10 a.m. on Monday, January 5th, 1987, and I'm sitting down with...
Oh, should I?
Karen.
That's K-E-R-R-I-N.
Jay Wyatt, co-founder and current CEO of Patmos Industries.
Mr. Wyatt, thank you so much for taking the time to speak with me today.
I know it's been a particularly busy time for y'all.
You've, uh...
Is everything all right?
Yes.
Sorry.
Just a bit...
Just a bit nervous.
Well, aren't you precious?
I can assure you, Ted...
May I call you, Ted?
Oh, well, I can assure you, Ted, that you've got nothing to be nervous about.
Every morning, I put on my pants the same as everybody else.
My butler holds them open for me, and I step in one leg at a time.
I'm kidding, of course.
No one is allowed to see me in the morning.
Oh, come on!
That was a...
Lighten up, Ted!
We're just two people having a lovely conversation about the great things we're going to accomplish
here at Patmos Industries.
And hey, if it boosts your career and makes me look good in the process, all the better.
Mr. Wyatt, Patmos Industries saw record profits this past year, with the establishment of the
Patmos Foundation, to say nothing of the acquisition of the fast food behemoth, Smiley Town.
Can you tell us a little bit about the reasoning behind starting these new ventures?
Yes.
Well, our goal here at Patmos is the same as it has always been.
Since I first stood on this very spot with my co-founder, Nick Nicaea, to this very moment
we're sharing here, together.
To make this a better and more humane world.
Not just for us, but for those we leave behind.
The Foundation is our attempt to make that core philosophy a reality.
Putting our money where our mouth is, and investing in the future of scientific discovery.
As for Smiley Town, well, I just happen to love a good burger, don't you?
I'm a vegetarian, actually.
And we were getting along so well, Ted.
I joke, I joke.
Smiley Town also has salads.
Well, a salad.
On the subject of Smiley Town, I did a little research into the acquisition.
According to official Patmos documents, many attempts had been made over the years to acquire
the franchise, but it wasn't until October of last year that they finally relented.
What changed?
I have no earthly idea.
The free market, like our God, works in mysterious ways.
It had nothing to do with the fire that burned their corporate headquarters to the ground?
Terrible tragedy, that.
All those poor workers trapped inside.
Dreadful.
An electrical malfunction, was it?
Such a dreadful, dreadful thing.
I thank God every day that we did not skimp on our electricians.
I'll tell you that for free.
You don't find the timing convenient?
Oh, of course I found it convenient.
It let me buy the company.
But I certainly didn't have anything to do with it.
We saw a business opportunity, and we took it.
Simple as that.
Let's move on.
We are, of course, speaking from the headquarters of Patmos Industries
in beautiful Providence, North Carolina.
Mr. Wyatt, why Providence?
Well, I'm not going to lie to you, Ted.
I said, the tax breaks are pretty good.
I kid, I kid.
I suppose we really wanted to connect with small-town America.
We could have set up shop in New York, Chicago, Los Angeles.
But none of those places are connected to the heart of America.
The pulsating, beating heart of it, you know?
I grew up here, actually.
Ah, well, then you know it better than anyone.
When y'all first moved in here four years ago, the townsfolk were pretty riled up.
You changed the building ordinances.
The town council changed the ordinances.
I didn't have anything to do with that.
To allow for the construction of this very headquarters.
This gargantuan tower.
Made entirely of glass, so as not to obstruct the natural beauty of the town.
As well as the construction of subterranean facilities for research purposes,
according to the blueprint submitted to City Hall.
You have certainly done your homework, Ted.
And in those four years since y'all moved in, folks around here have been complaining of various health problems,
including headaches, nosebleeds, disorientation.
People will say anything to-
My family still lives here, you know.
My mom called me three months ago.
Yelling and screaming her head off to be heard over the noise, she said.
I didn't hear a dang thing.
I just thought, her memory's been getting fuzzy, she's getting older, these things happen.
But then two months later, she was gone.
And I couldn't-
I couldn't shake this feeling that something was wrong here.
Just this needling at the back of my skull.
So I decided to investigate for myself.
Took the ferry over here and cross-checked the blueprints of the subterranean facilities
with the highest concentration of health problems.
Wouldn't you know it?
But they line up one-to-one.
See that feeling in my head?
That needling?
It's never steered me wrong before.
Not once.
And it tells me that that's just the tip of the iceberg.
Because whatever y'all are doing down there to make this a-
A what?
A better, more humane world?
Well, sure seems like it's hurting a lot of people.
So before I give these findings to the authorities and have them banging down your door asking all sorts of questions,
I thought I would ask you if you have anything you'd like to say
in regards to what Patmos is actually doing here in the great city of Providence.
Ted.
I think we're past the point of informalities, Mr. Wyatt.
It's Mr. Tyndale, if you please.
Mr. Tyndale?
Are you a Christian man?
I am, yes.
Then you're familiar with the saying about fitting a camel through the eye of a needle?
It's easier to do that than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven.
Gold star for you, Mr. Tyndale.
Gold star for you.
Many people point to that as proof that Jesus thought being rich was a sin.
That all of us who happen to do well for ourselves are doomed to burn forever in the unending fires of hell.
I find that reading...
crass.
Because to me, it is a story about the never-ending potential of human ingenuity.
Because you see, the seemingly impossible task of getting a camel through the eye of the needle
can be accomplished in one of two ways.
Option one.
You build an enormous needle, stand it on its side, and usher the camel through,
which, while the most humane solution, doesn't seem particularly practical.
The amount of resources alone to build a needle of that size could be much better spent elsewhere.
To say nothing of getting the camel to actually go through the needle when the time comes.
Incredibly obstinate animals, camels.
Or option two.
You simply make the camel smaller.
And for that, all you need is a sharp enough blade, some blenders, a funnel, and the patience to see the job done.
Jesus set us a challenge, Mr. Tyndale.
And I aim to master it.
But why?
It is not our purpose to question why.
We are put here merely to decipher his will.
So the question you must ask yourself, Mr. Tyndale, is what God wills for you.
I'd like you to think on that.
As you set out to write this article of yours.
Does he want me to walk through the needle of my own accord?
Or be forced through?
Thank you so much for your time, Mr. Wyatt.
Do you have any parting thoughts for our readers for when this story hits the shelves on Friday?
Hmm.
You tell them this.
My name is Karen Jehovah Wyatt.
I am the CEO of Patmos Industries.
And I am here to save the world.
We're back here for the second half of our discussion about James Dobson and Ted Bundy.
And also, we're going to be talking about the second half of that TV broadcast.
It's worth noting that this broadcast is not significant in any way.
It's not anything all that important.
It's just, for whatever reason, the only version of the Dobson Bundy interview on YouTube that has it in its entirety.
So we decided to watch the whole thing.
Because what's more fun than watching a bunch of little freaks from Indiana who love the Lord?
As a time capsule, it serves as a really interesting snapshot of where the conservative evangelical right in the Midwest was at that time.
And that was squarely the audience for this broadcast.
Yeah, they were on the porno beat.
That's right.
Just going back to what we said in the first half, this was broadcast on WHMB, a Christian TV station, licensed in South Bend and Indianapolis, Indiana.
It was owned by Lacey, which is now referred to as Family Broadcasting, which has no relation to the Family Channel.
It's just also got family in it.
But Lacey was so named because it was the Lester Sumrall Evangelical Association's production company.
He was a Pentecostal minister.
Not important here.
It's too bad that we no longer will receive broadcasting like this in the future.
Instead, we'll just have telenovelas and stuff like that.
That's not positive.
I'm not sure exactly when this broadcast is from.
Presumably it's from some point in early 89.
Yeah.
Like after the tape started to be circulated, the interview.
Right.
Yeah.
Because they want to, for the sake of their audience, help them better understand the legal landscape surrounding pornography.
And so they bring together this panel of experts.
But assembling a team before we get here from that super team, I want you to hear the song.
It's the worst thing I've ever heard.
Oh, here we go.
Yeah, we got some strings.
Come on.
Hit me, baby.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
There it is.
There's the swirl.
It's drop.
It was hard.
This is like one of those very low budget Game Boy games that you get back in the day that wasn't good at all.
And they ran out of money most of the way through.
And so all they could afford was to put one song in it.
One song and one song only.
One song glory.
Yeah.
What it sounds like to me, the note I took here is like, I love that for this interview with a serial killer, we have a theme song that sounds like four cartoon cats planning a heist.
The first man we meet in this roundtable is a man known as Phil Blowers, but it's spelled like Blowers.
And I'm going to refer to him as Phil Blowers from here on out, because why wouldn't I?
He hardly knew her.
That's right, Brian.
Phil Blowers, LOL.
Damn near killed him.
Says that obscenity is not protected by the First Amendment, which is sort of true, but not really.
Yeah, it depends on what you think obscenity is.
But this is specifically referring to the Miller test, which was in the 1973 case Miller v.
California.
That was sort of the first Supreme Court case to determine what does or does not count as obscene.
And the three pillars of the Miller test are, first of all, if the average person applying contemporary community standards would say that the work appeals to the prurient interest.
Number two, if it is patently offensive.
And number three, if it lacks serious literary, artistic, political or scientific value.
And if all three of those conditions are satisfied, it is obscene and therefore not guaranteed the same First Amendment protections as other work.
However, that does not necessarily mean that it is illegal.
It simply means that it can be regulated in a way that First Amendment stuff that's explicitly and expressly protected by the First Amendment cannot be restricted or regulated.
And do you know what meets those three standards?
Our podcast.
No artistic value.
Another thing that blowers advocates for is that the state of Indiana should use RICO racketeering charges to go after pornographers, which, again, straight out of the Mies report.
You can see the way that the legal strategy that they were using at this time was a fulfillment of the stuff that they were trying to bring into play in the early to mid 80s.
Another one of these panelists is a man named Dale Arnold, not to be confused with focus on the family's own Dave Arnold.
Did 100% think that's who that was.
Terrifying.
I was like, the nozzle is here?
You saw Dave Arnold in person.
I know.
And what an impression he made.
No, this Dale Arnold is a much scarier looking guy.
He is a part of an organization called Citizens for Decency Through Law or CDL.
Wait a minute.
I remember that acronym.
Huh.
Yes.
This was formerly the Citizens for Decent Literature.
They underwent a few name changes in 1989, mostly because of their founder, Charles Keating.
Just like any Catholic, turns out he was prone to criminal behavior.
What?
So where was Keating at this point?
Jail.
Oh.
Wap wap.
Wap wap.
He was the head of the Lincoln Savings and Loan.
And anyone who was alive and cognizant, absolutely.
At that time, knew about the savings and loan collapse or the savings and loan disaster.
Savings and loans were deregulated by the Reagan administration.
Because it's all just a bunch of Jimmy Stewart's out there, right?
They're all just keeping homes in your neighbor's houses or your money in your neighbor's.
You're keeping homes in your neighbor's house?
You're writing their time strings around their fingers.
Our house.
In the middle of our house.
I can't think, George.
I cannot think.
It hurts.
Right?
We're all just.
Wait, wait.
So lease all collapsed, right?
The Lincoln Savings and Loan, it collapsed in on itself?
Actually, the government took it over.
Oh, shit.
Like, they just owned it and then, like, liquidated it.
Yeah.
They were tearing it apart, Lisa.
Yeah.
It was all falling apart because it was even violating the few regulations that were still there.
Charles Keating was certain that the regulators were going after them because they were, quote,
homos.
End quote?
This feels like maybe a relevant moment to mention that Jake right now has a rainbow flag behind him.
Yes.
He's wearing a shirt with a rainbow shield on it, rainbow patches across the shoulders, and a rainbow flag on the back.
I have yet to compliment your fit, Jake, but holy shit.
It's really nice.
Thank you.
Subtlety.
I go for subtlety.
Yeah.
So Keating was, like, this famously corrupt financial criminal.
One of the worst that America's ever seen.
And you know because he actually went to prison for it.
Do you know how hard that is?
It's really hard.
He even had, like, five senators who were in his pocket that were known as the Keating Five.
Keating lived in Arizona at this point in time, so one of those five was John McCain.
Oh.
America's father.
How nice.
So Keating ends up serving about 10 years for racketeering and conspiracy.
Hold on.
And fraud.
That's so fucking funny.
Isn't that amazing?
That, like, right after you've got this guy coming out and being like, you know, we got
to break up these syndicates and use racketeering charges to get all the pornographers out.
You know, it's like, here's a man representing an organization founded by a known racketeer.
That fucking rules.
Yeah.
The level of projection in all of this throughout all of that work and, like, evangelical culture
broadly is so blatant.
As soon as you start seeing it, you can't unsee it.
Yeah.
It's the thing of, like, they spell out all of these different things that are their
own personal neuroses, and then they attach them to their enemies.
Honestly, the best way to go after any sort of conservative thinker is see what they're,
like, rallying most against and be like, oh, yeah, you probably did that.
And you're still doing that a lot.
We talked about that a couple weeks ago with a different Ted.
Ted Haggard.
Yeah.
The evangelical Christian pastor who was so rabidly anti-gay.
Yeah.
Because he couldn't, you know, deal with the-
He couldn't stop sucking dick and smoking meth.
He couldn't.
And so he made it everybody else's problem.
It's so funny.
I found, while I was looking for this, I went down the rabbit hole of going to Daily Motion
and finding videos of James Dobson.
And I found one of his appearances on Larry King Live, because he used to be, like, regular
on there.
And it was right after Ted Haggard was defrocked.
And, of course, this is all Colorado Springs.
And Dobson was involved in that whole process, or in a tertiary way.
He wasn't serving full-time, because I'm just so busy.
He was serving, just not full-time.
But, yeah, it was very funny to see Larry King talking about Ted Haggard sucking dick
and smoking meth with James Dobson.
And James Dobson asserting his whole thing that being gay isn't a choice.
It's just because you didn't see your dad's wiener enough when you were a toddler.
I mean, fair.
That would have cured you.
That's so wild.
If you're bisexual, you saw it half as much as you needed to.
So, no, here's my question.
Is it the left or right half, or is it the top or bottom half, if you're bisexual?
Which half occurs or not?
Not half of the wiener.
Oh, I see.
Just half.
Half of the time.
Oh, I see.
I see.
I think it's balls, not shaft.
Oh, okay.
It's like a groundhog.
If the groundhog sees the balls, it's bisexual.
If it sees the shaft, it's gay.
And if you see the taint.
Taint, none in my business.
I can tell you that for free.
What happens if I see Goku inflation from a young age?
Oh.
I mean, then you become Brian Alford.
That's true.
Oh.
That's true.
I've heard of him.
A sexuality all its own, where Gallup is the safe word.
So, isn't Gallup also your safe word, AJ?
Yeah, it is.
For different reasons.
My favorite thing about this segment was the vice cops.
How they brought on these two vice cops, and they have them silhouetted in black so as
to preserve their anonymity, which is like, come on, man.
Yeah, they have them silhouetted in black and then, like, echoey.
But not voice distortion.
His actual voice is just echoing.
I really wanted the guy to be like, and now, coming to us from the white void, we have
our two agents.
Oh, my God.
These vice cops.
And you can clearly see their outlines.
Yeah.
Like, I don't know how protected they really are when you give their full names.
The cops let us know a few things.
One of them that you might not have known is that when you go to a porno store, there
are booths where you can jerk it.
How about that?
I'm shocked and offended.
I'm so appalled, I say.
The thing that shocked me most was that you would get 90 seconds of a porno.
Yeah.
Like, you would really have to, like, move.
I think you had to sort of take that home with you.
I mean, that was the thing is, like, they're talking about porno theaters and they're talking
about peep shows.
Those are just out of style at this point.
Right.
They're moving towards just not having those kinds of features.
Usually, peep show booths later on, they'll stay at an adult bookstore, but it's usually
just like they cut a hole in the wall so you can suck some dick or people will just do heroin
in there.
Well, but yeah, the rise of VHS made the traditional porno theater pretty anachronistic.
You take it home.
Unless you were a pervert.
Yeah.
In the old days, all, you know, typically.
There's nothing wrong with that, by the way.
There's nothing wrong with being a pervert, to be clear.
In the old days, you typically just had, like, a magazine at home or if you got really into
it and you had the money, you could get a film projector and you could buy what were
called Swedish loops.
There was this whole association.
I'm Swedish fish, personally.
Yeah.
So do these guys.
Hey.
Ed Wood, the director, Ed Wood, who was responsible for Plan 9 from Outer Space.
Some of his last movies were Swedish loops, which would just be these little bits of eight
millimeter film that were like a couple of minutes long that you could buy.
Because, again, film is expensive and you're paying by the foot.
So if you get like a little bit of film that's just got just goes straight to the sucking
and fucking.
Right.
And then you can, you know, reel it back up and play it again.
Well, and if you get a gay Swedish loop, you can call that fruit by the foot.
So.
God damn it.
I had it.
Josh, I had it in the chamber.
Truly.
I had it in the chamber.
And you got there.
Good.
Very good.
The moderator from the roundtable was clearly looking to get something shocking from the
vice cops, like something horrible they'd seen out in the field that only pornography
could have enabled.
Yeah.
And she was like, one time there was a young woman who died while she was doing bondage
with her boyfriend and her boyfriend got drunk and passed out.
It's like, OK.
I mean, it's it sucks.
It's too bad.
Yeah.
Maybe if they had better safe procedure.
You know, I was going to say maybe if they've had better sex education, that wouldn't have
happened.
You know, and that's the thing is like the vice cops aren't the ideologues that everyone
else on the board is.
So they're just like, right.
Well, yeah, I saw some really weird porn once there was a dead lady in suspension once.
Like they're not they're not they don't have a solution.
Their solution is like, well, I'll arrest a guy.
And one guy is even like, oh, yeah, no, there's way less of it now than there was 10 years ago.
Right.
It's all just kind of dropping off.
And Jake, this is stuff that you've talked about on your show before, specifically with
regard to purity culture, how there's this assumption that if you just get rid of the
quote unquote temptation, it'll all go away.
But that's not how it works.
Right.
No.
Human sexuality has been present for our entire existence.
It's one of our like main driving forces.
My personal theory is all innovation is driven by sexuality.
Right.
Like webcams and cell phones and all that.
That's just because people were horny and wanted ways to do horny stuff.
Pornography itself.
I think people tend to think of it as a new thing because of photography being a new thing
of like pictures and motion pictures of nude bodies of sucking and fucking of frittage of
whatever.
And porn is just old.
Like we have carvings and paintings and epigraphs and stories.
And also people just going back to prehistory, watch other people having sex.
Yeah.
It is.
It is not just something that happens 100 percent privately between two people.
When you realize like how people have lived for most of the existence of humans on this
earth, you start to realize, oh, yeah, no, that's not that's not just like a two person
only fully sequestered away from everyone else thing.
So much of Dobson's arguments require a historicity.
So just like a complete lack of knowledge of how humans actually function.
He loves saying like Judeo-Christian values have been around for 5000 years as if they've
been one thing consistently throughout time.
Right.
Yeah.
I mean, the idea of Judeo-Christian values has always been so funny to me because it's like
I can walk a half mile away and be smack dab in the middle of like ultra orthodox Jewish
Brooklyn.
And those values are by and large, not the same values that are in evangelical, you know,
middle American Christianity.
There are some commonalities there.
Don't get me wrong.
But like it's a different ethic.
It's a different value system.
Watching an evangelical talk to like a person actually well versed in Judaism's theology
is really interesting because they're like, oh, it's just like the Old Testament.
Right.
That's all.
That's all the Judaism is.
It's just half the Bible.
And that's straight up the Jerry Falwell argument.
That's the two covenant thing is that he thinks that somehow Jewish people are still operating
under the Old Testament covenant, despite the fact that they're not burning sheep regularly.
And the other thing, too, is that like Jewish scholarship and Jewish thought is all about
asking questions.
Right.
It's all about debate.
It's endless debate.
Whereas evangelicals don't want you to debate.
They want you to follow order, which is like an entirely different.
Yeah, it's obedience.
It's an entirely different mindset.
We see that right here in this interview with former state senator Jim Butcher.
He kind of looks like not like a main character in Sweeney Todd, but one of the guys who gets
like killed off during the Joanna reprise in act two, who just gets his throat slit and
goes down the tube.
But we never learn anything about him.
He's just got like a bad energy about him.
His whole thing is like he's leading community action in Howard County, Indiana against adult
bookstores, massage parlors and lingerie shops.
Yeah, we can't have women buying underwear.
No.
These people are such freaks.
What the fuck is wrong with them?
In a way, this feels so anachronistic.
But then if you go and you look at the messaging that Focus on the Family is doing right now
in the year of our Lord 2024, it's the same.
And I know because we were just there a month ago.
The other big thing that we get here is just like wild stories about bad shit that happens.
And then being like, well, clearly the porno made them do it.
It was like, hey, there was this 12 year old who raped a baby.
It was because he talked on a phone sex line.
So they specifically reference dial a porn.
Dial a porn services do not exist anymore because they're not exactly phone sex services.
What it is, is something that used to exist also in a non-sexual context where like you
could call a hotline around Christmas and Santa would talk.
It's like a pre-recorded message or whatever.
Oh, oh, sure.
So they had that, but for Jack in it.
Oh, so this was not actually phone sex.
This was just listening to a porno.
Yeah.
This thing where you would call a number and then they'd have like a different voice acted
radio drama.
Really, if you think about it, where some lady would be like, I was on an elevator and then
a milf walked in and she started in my area licking my chin and then my nipple.
Oh, $60.
If you want to hear the rest of this story, don't forget to sign up for our $60 Patreon
tier, which we will be adding.
We're adding dial a Patreon.
Oh, and then we got to the sixth floor and the door opened and Santa came in.
And then it's the same recording as the Christmas one, but it's saying, oh, I was just hanging
out at Macy's with the Easter bunny when I got on an elevator with a milf.
In my area.
Musical guest.
Bobby Moynihan.
There's a direct lineality to their logic that just isn't like with the example of this
like dial a porn.
Oh, this 12 year old kid dialed a porn and then did this horrible crime.
Well, maybe there's some underlying reason that I would imagine like experience of sexual
abuse would then common thing is having people engage in ways that are inappropriate for their
age, like dial a porn and also acting out in violent ways.
It's just this note, but it's just a to be the porn's problem.
It wasn't the porn.
Then nothing bad would have happened.
I did like when the detectives talked about going into all these like adult stores, massage
parlors and reported all the things that they'd seen.
It's just a very hello.
Fellow citizens may have one sex, please.
Can I have one anal beef?
I also like how just one they were like, oh, and there are there are men in these booths
and they're self-pleasuring.
It's like, yeah, of course.
Like where else would I do it?
Not a booth?
My God.
I was at the grocery store and you'll never believe this.
This guy bought some grapes.
And it's like, yeah, that's why he went to the store.
There was a psychologist in the 60s and 70s named Lod Humphreys who was inspired by Alfred
Kinsey.
And he did a most he's most famous for a book called Tea Room Trade, where he went into
tea rooms.
So like cruising areas for gay men and he would like make notes on their cruising behaviors.
And then he would follow up with them in person afterwards.
They didn't know he was watching them.
It's just some guy.
It's like, hello, I'd like to talk to you about the sex that you're having in public two
weeks ago.
That is absolutely the last thing you want to hear when you're cruising in the 60s.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Jesus.
Can I also interview your wife?
I'm sure she has some really interesting thoughts about this.
After this roundtable, I needed a little bit of levity.
Yeah.
And thankfully on this upload, they included a couple of the commercials that came right
after.
UHMB presents Christian Calendar.
Windfall Christian Church presents a series entitled God's Eternal Purpose, A Study in
Ephesians, featuring Dr. Owen Crouch, evangelist, and Bob Miller, song evangelist.
The series will run March 5th through 10th at 7 p.m. nightly.
Call 945-7106 to learn more.
The Zion Lutheran Parent Teacher League will hold their annual German dinner on March 11th
from 4 to 8 p.m. at Zion Lutheran Church.
Advanced tickets are $5, $2.50 for children.
For tickets or information, call 861-4210.
Fellowship of Christian Adult Singles will have an outing to Caring Place on Saturday,
March 11th at 11 a.m.
Anyone interested in attending can call 357-4094 for more details.
If your Christian group has a special event they would like to have on Christian Calendar,
please send the information at least two weeks in advance to Christian Calendar, Box 50450,
Indianapolis 46250.
The music's much better.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wait, you mean the music's much better than...
It's like a weird Tetris ripoff where the blocks all just have three squares.
Even though George H.W. Bush was president, we didn't get a lot of really, really strong
federal legislation to, you know, be the nanny state, right?
Yeah, because he was a very weak president.
Right.
He even did a war and everyone was like, come on.
And then we stopped it.
And then, of course, in the year 1992, the American public elects a horrible libertine
William Jefferson Clinton.
Meanwhile, focus on the family is thriving in no small part because of the aftermath of
this interview.
They were able to take it, slap it onto VHS tape.
But they sent out a whole bunch of copies to media outlets and TV stations, including the
broadcast we looked at.
Yeah.
What we saw in Indiana was probably done on professional tape, higher quality, better
resilience in the same, you know, like this is a production company.
They know what they're doing.
Right.
Focus on the family sends out reel to reel tape every single week for the new adventures
in Odyssey to radio stations.
So it's the same thing, but for video.
But then they decided to do a retail package as well, selling VHS to the home market.
And this is technically not a product for sale.
This is a gift that they will give you for a suggested donation value.
Yeah.
Twenty five dollars.
I did not procure a copy for us for this.
You know, again, we had the YouTube video.
But what I did think was interesting was there was this little note inside the case.
Yeah.
Could you decipher that?
I saw the picture on one of the eBay listings and I could not fucking read it.
I found another one where I could read it.
And Jake, I would love you to read this.
This is a note from James Dobson to the lucky owner of this video cassette.
Focus on the family spent more than forty thousand dollars to produce this video.
In addition to flying members of our staff to Florida and the interview itself, we retained
a professional video crew, leased equipment and rented editing facilities in Jacksonville.
We also provided hundreds of preliminary copies of the Bundy interview to the news media.
Furthermore, focus incurred significant expense in shooting additional footage for the introduction
and in packaging and duplicating thousands of VHS video cassettes like this for the ones
who requested it.
You may be interested to know that should focus on the family receive proceeds above and beyond
our investment, they will be used to continue to fight against violent pornography.
It has never been our intention to profit from the tragic circumstances surrounding the life
and death of Ted Bundy.
The tape does, in fact, recoup its investment handily.
It's called Fatal Addiction.
Come on.
It's so funny.
The videotape is like 56 minutes long.
Something like that is what I've seen for the listing.
The interview itself, as Dobson mentions, is 29 minutes.
Right.
And 30 seconds.
Now, this tape, the very same tape that contained that message that you just heard, generates
roughly $1 million in donation revenue for focus on the family over the course of the
year 1989.
Its proceeds are indeed donated to anti-porno organizations.
Per the Tampa Bay Times, I found this article.
This is from May 7, 1990.
Attempting to show that focus on the family kept no money above expenses from the project,
Dobson presented a breakdown of figures as of January 31st.
Dobson said the donations totaled $964,559 and $9,154 more was earned in interest.
Focus on the family kept $360,731 to cover the cost of production and mailing, he added.
Of the 13 organizations given money, Dobson said, an organization called the Los Angeles
Anti-Obscenity Campaign received the highest total, $200,000.
So, what's interesting about that, in addition, is that the person running that also happened
to work, just happened to be an ex-focus on the family guy.
Wow.
Huh.
James Dobson is enriching his ideological allies.
This happens all the time.
One of the things that's really struck me in doing my research for my podcast is how
sophisticated of an apparatus James Dobson has created between the Hydra organizations
that he's created, whether he focused on the family, a family research council.
Now it's the James Dobson Family Institute, which is one of the co-sponsors of Project
2025, by the way.
It just keeps going.
One of the first ones that I realized was the headquarters for CU at the Pole is theoretically
like a separate organization from Focus on the Family.
It just so happened to be headquartered at Focus on the Family.
And it just happened to be run by Shirley Dobson.
I love that.
Yeah, I mean, this is this is nothing but self-dealing.
This is a great opportunity to take money and just turn it right back into the project
and to his own people.
Right.
He's good at this.
He knows how to log roll.
He knows how to get people on side, because if they stay in the circle, they will continue
to receive the largesse from Focus on the Family and its associates, both in terms of money
and contacts.
Right.
Their mailing list.
That's a that's a sizable resource in its own regard.
Yeah.
And because Dobson's highest goal is not self-enrichment, although it's a huge part of all of it.
His highest goal is power and political power and changing America and even other countries,
the Soviet Union to fit his whims for the Lord.
And so Dobson becomes a nationally known figure pretty much overnight.
You know, he made a very strong impression in that press conference that we listened to
earlier.
But the mainstream media isn't quite sure what to do with him.
Like we heard earlier in that excerpt from Polly Nelson's book, she calls him the reverend
doctor.
He's not a pastor, but they just sort of slot him into where they think he ought to go because
they don't really understand what a parachurch organization is or what it does.
And because he talks like a pastor, he has a radio show like a pastor.
His dad's a pastor.
His grandpa's a pastor.
His great grandpa's a pastor.
Dobson keeps it in the family, which he's always focusing on.
And so the next thing that we watched for this episode was an interview, which Brian,
what is this interview?
So this interview starts with this guy who is referred to only as Brian.
It's Brian Alford.
That's great.
It's me with less hair.
And at the very beginning, he's like in front of a bunch of like Times Square, filthy porno
theater billboards.
Like old 42nd Street.
But like as depicted on the Gerbert set.
So yeah.
So he's just like, there's a lot of news today about Dr. James Dobson, what he's doing and
why all the porno guys hate him.
All of the worst people in the world who suck and fuck and love Satan and might be Jewish
have a real problem with Dr. James Dobson.
Very good man.
I'm here to ask him some objective questions.
And then we get the first of those objective questions.
Really good question here.
Dr. Dobson, it's been fascinating to read the aftermath in the press of this event that
happened at the Florida State Prison, the circus that occurred outside, the interview
inside and then what happened afterward.
And it's curious to me that it was more criticism was leveled at you than was leveled at Bundy.
That's why I would like to establish, first of all, who you are and what your credentials
are in the professional community.
Can you do that for me?
Brian, it's interesting that I come off bad in comparison with a man who killed 28 women
and children.
I mean, I need a new press agent, I suppose, under those circumstances.
I think what that reflects is an effort to discredit the messengers.
Mr. Burns, your campaign seems to have the momentum of a runaway freight train.
Yeah.
So Brian is reading verbatim a question that was given to him by James Dobson.
So James Dobson could say exactly what he wanted to say.
And the reason for this is because this is the tape.
This is the tape of the interview.
This is the other half of the VHS.
This is the thing produced by Focus on the Family that has the Ted Bundy interview in its
entirety for the home video audience.
I don't know who Brian is.
I don't know who.
Well, he's you.
Yeah.
And most of Dobson's books, he at the end of most chapters has a Q&A section and it's
his own book.
So he writes the questions and then also writes the answers.
So it's basically, oh, I'd like to rant about this thing.
I had no other way to connect it to what I'm talking about.
So here's an unrelated rant about why abortion is bad.
Like, OK, this chapter is about spanking, but sure, abortion, let's talk about abortion
for half an hour.
The way that this interview goes and kind of the script of it feels very much.
I don't know that Dobson himself wrote it.
He might have, but it feels very much like he's talking to himself.
And this is the portion where I just started taking notes about things James Dobson looks
like to me.
Sure.
James Dobson looks like a guy who's never seen a woman orgasm in his life.
No, no.
He's dicking down shurls on the rag.
It doesn't mean she's coming.
Ah, good point.
That's true.
James Dobson looks like if Steven Root's character from Office Space got really into
bogs.
Like the places?
Yeah, like the places.
James Dobson looks like a frog who turned into a human and then immediately demanded
to be changed back.
Yeah, yeah.
The thing that really comes through in this interview most is Dobson's anger, I think.
But God, what a whiny little bitch.
Yeah, that's the thing.
He always has to address the haters, but it shows his ass.
It makes him very unattractive.
What we had to say, what Bundy had to say, and some of my own conclusions about it are
unacceptable to the media, or at least to some members of the media.
And so there's been this effort to confuse who I am.
I've been called a tele-evangelist to identify me with some of the embarrassing things that
happened in Christendom a few years ago.
I've been called a minister and so on.
It is true that I have a radio program on 1,300 Christian radio stations.
But to say that that makes me a minister is like saying if you live in Orange County,
you're a citrus grower.
Right.
Well, you were called a religious broadcaster, in fact, in most of the articles that I saw.
Because you have a Christian broadcasting company.
That's his main job.
That's his gig.
That's the thing.
Oh, he's a researcher.
I've never been to seminary.
I have absolutely no credentials there.
And if I were, I would be proud of that fact.
But I'm not.
That's not who I am.
He's like, how dare you call me a tele-evangelist, right?
This is a really interesting point for him to be making at this time, because this was
the worst point to be a tele-evangelist in terms of public relations, right?
Sure.
Pat Robertson had a disastrous presidential campaign that funneled money out of CBN.
Later, the Family Channel drew too much scrutiny to his operations.
The guy who made Gerbert talked about moving in there when all of the other production
was moving out.
They were basically operating in the corpse of the old CBN.
Right.
Marvin Gorman, a lesser known tele-evangelist, was accused by Jimmy Swaggart of having multiple
affairs.
He lost his position as a pastor of his church.
Jim Baker, husband of Tammy Faye Baker, allegedly raped a woman and was convicted, not allegedly,
of paying her hush money from his organization.
He also allegedly was groping male staffers at his company, PTL.
Bisexual, Kang.
Jesus Christ.
I can't.
Marvin Gorman then came back and hired a PI to follow Jimmy Swaggart, the guy who outed
him for his extramarital affairs.
And Jimmy Swaggart was then caught by Marvin Gorman's PI at a motel with a sex worker.
Hell yeah.
And then was caught again later at another motel with another sex worker.
And then it kind of kept happening for a few years.
Faith healer Peter Popoff was exposed as a huckster by the magician James Randy, who came
across his secret radio broadcast that he would run during his faith healing shows where he
suddenly seemed to know, oh, yes, you have a tumor because his wife was reading the little
prayer cards that people gave him when they walked into the church.
This was all around the same time.
86 to like 90.
He's wanting to separate himself from this because he wants to be seen as a real credentialed
professional, which goes back to what you were talking about at the very beginning of
this episode, Jake.
Like there's a degree of professional animosity.
He's got this permanent chip on his shoulder.
Yeah.
And if he's not acknowledged in the way that he demands to be acknowledged, he gets very
upset.
Importantly, he also hates psychology as a field at this point.
Right.
Right.
They're being bought by the gay lobbyists and the homosexual agenda and they're being
so permissive in their parenting.
So he uses the academic credentials to be like, I'm an authority, but I got out at just the
right time.
So only I really know the truth of this.
And he worked very hard for the PhD.
So I'm sure he's very proud of it.
I'm sure he gets very upset when people don't acknowledge if you don't call him doctor,
he gets very angry.
Yeah.
But if you call him Reverend doctor, there are just moments whenever he talks about Bundy
where there is this like respect for him.
And it's interesting to always see who Dobson shows respect for and who he doesn't, particularly
when he brings out examples of the people who are affected by pornography, because there
is grace for Ted Bundy.
There is no grace for the 10 year old who allegedly again, I don't think this person exists, but
yeah, I couldn't find any.
You know, these are old news stories.
I couldn't.
He didn't say which newspaper or anything, so I couldn't really dig very deep on this
story.
But you can always find some horrific cases of children sexually abusing other children.
And I'm going to say in 100 percent of those cases, when kids are that young, there is an
adult sexually abusing the offending child.
Yeah.
But it is the children's fault because Dobson, the main thread throughout all of his work
is that he hates children.
His idea of like original sin is a driving force in all of this.
He believes that people are inherently sinful and broken and beyond redemption unless there
is Jesus.
And he also he's very narcissistic.
And so if he cannot relate to you, he doesn't care or he doesn't see your humanity.
Right.
He saw something in Ted Bundy that he related to.
And I think part of it's a connection.
I also think part of it's the narcissism.
And I think that's why he has a lot more grace for him.
Whereas for any random gay man that he ever met, he has like zero grace or empathy for
the rise of this interview.
Dobson's newfound profile is very convenient for focus on the family as an organization.
Right.
This exposure gives focus on the family an opportunity to expand their reach so far beyond
anything that they've achieved up until now.
And it's worth noting at this point, Dobson had been publishing books for a couple decades.
Yeah.
Right.
So there was already a media empire.
It's just that this was like the catalyst.
Right.
This is the inflection point.
In 1990, a Colorado based nonprofit called the El Pomar Foundation, which was founded by
like a gold mining heir.
Oh, tell me prospectors.
Throw that money in there.
Gives focus on the family a four million dollar grant.
So this is basically seed money for them to move their base of operations from California
to Colorado Springs.
And they do exactly that.
They move staff starting in 1991.
They scale up the operation out there.
And in 1993, they opened the campus, the very same one that we visited on our podcast about
a month ago.
And the visitor center opens its doors in 1994.
And the visitor center, of course, was donated by Elsa Prince, the mother of Betsy DeVos and
Eric Prince, the founder of Blackwater.
Yee haw.
And so this allows focus on the family to produce even more media.
Yeah.
One of these pieces of media is something called Life on the Edge.
It is a series of VHS tapes.
This is basically just James Dobson giving lectures, hour long lectures that are adapted
from his books.
And hey, guess what?
One of the tapes is about, guys.
There's a problem that's all too prevalent in our society.
It's an addiction that's rarely talked about.
But it's one that can wreck lives and destroy marriages.
It's the problem of pornography.
In this program, featuring a riveting interview with serial killer Ted Bundy just hours before
he was executed, Dr. James Dobson talks about pornography and tells why it's addictive,
progressive, and deadly.
In this economy?
Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get into this elevator.
My greatest concern, and one that I want to focus on a little bit with you all, is the
addiction of pornography.
Yeah.
All this music is by John Campbell.
Oh, shit!
The Avengers and Odyssey theme.
Operating at a much worse level as a composer.
Oh, yeah.
Dobson's thesis here is, you know, pornography is addictive, although not so much for girls,
I guess.
Girls don't like it.
It's a drug, right?
Just like any other drug, you build tolerance, you build resistance to it, you need more and
more and more.
And then once you've seen everything, it's too late.
You've already seen everything.
You've seen it all.
Then there's a barrier.
At a certain point, you hit that barrier, and then you think about it for a while.
You think about becoming a pervert, and then you vault the barrier, and you enter the perversion
zone, which inevitably leads to death.
It was a great point where he just draws a line that just says perversion to death.
So funny.
The idea of it being an addiction is just not true.
Again, when non-psychologists refer to like porn addiction or sex addiction, I understand
what they mean.
There's like compulsivity that some people experience.
That's fine.
But on a clinical level, it's very different from an addiction.
And the way to treat it clinically, if you use the steps that you treat like a substance
use disorder like alcoholism, it wouldn't be effective and often cases is actually harmful
for it because the porn itself is not the issue.
Whereas if you're doing meth, there might be other reasons why you're doing meth, but
meth itself is part of the problem.
Really?
Because porn is not the problem.
And it's just wildly irresponsible to so consistently be like, it's an addiction.
It's an addiction.
You're addicted.
There's also his claims around like it's desensitizing isn't totally true, but there's a little bit
of truth.
But even if you were to act in real life, there's fine and healthy ways to do that.
Right.
Like, you're into sadomasochism.
You can find people who can consent to that.
And there's a way to do it safely and respectfully.
Right.
And from there, it's like, you know, immediately into the scared straight zone.
He's got your attention.
Now he's going to scare the living bejesus out of you.
Talks about Ted Bundy.
He talks about like how he would ask young women to help him back to his car.
And he loves talking about the details here.
Yeah.
And the details are not relevant to what he's saying.
They pad out the time and he's having fun, but they don't have anything to do with anything.
I mean, this this is a thin fucking lecture.
And, you know, they still have like 15 minutes of the half hour interview in here.
Right.
They have a recut version of the interview.
And some of it might just be to fill time.
But I don't know.
I think he gets off on this a little bit.
I really do.
Yeah.
That's just my feeling.
That's my gut feeling.
What do you think, Jake?
Yeah, I completely agree.
And again, I think I don't know what part, but I think he sees some of himself in Bundy.
And so some of the thrill and kick that the Bundy get out of it.
It's not a one to one comparison, but maybe you think there's like, oh, powerful and kind of bad, a little bit intriguing.
Because he loves being the guy.
Right.
Yeah.
Like that.
Because when Dobson then talks about how, like, you know, everybody else, none of the rest of the media.
A head that was going to was he wasn't willing to talk to anyone, but he was willing to talk to me.
I'm so special.
Yeah.
This is such a pastor move.
I am God's special little boy.
It is so funny that like the way he also just talks about the effects of pornography on a marriage is just so clearly him talking about like his own marriage in a way that like a lot of stuff.
Yeah.
Like when people are like, well, everybody does this.
Right.
And it's like, man, I don't know.
It's like he's like people will watch porn and then they'll expect that their partners will do the things in the porn.
Yeah.
We've got a we've got a clip.
Actually, men and women are very different.
As you know, men are primarily visual in nature.
You know, far more so than women.
There's no evidence.
Just watch a bunch of guys on a pretty girl.
What do they do?
I mean, they gawk, right?
They turn around and stare at her.
I love a jogger.
Guys are visual.
That's where the sexual stimulation comes from.
That's why pornography.
Women hate looking at men.
So much more than women.
Women, by contrast, are far more stimulated by romantic relationships.
By touch, by somebody she knows, by a specific person.
For a guy, it's generalized.
I mean, a girl's walking down the street and she spent two hours arranging herself to score a hit on his sensory apparatus.
What?
And she's coming toward him and he sees it and he responds to it.
She's jogging past?
Because that's the way he's made.
She's not even jogging.
She's just walking.
This guy's super horny.
When pornography comes into marriage and he's addicted to it and she's not, it drives a wedge between them.
And it destroys their sexual relationship.
I mean, Dobson is speaking from a place of authority because he is giving this lecture in the kink.com armory.
We didn't mention that.
They're in a castle?
Yeah.
What the hell is happening?
I don't know where they are.
The fireplace from Citizen Kane is behind him.
There are no chairs.
Everyone is just kind of sitting on risers, it looks like, for the most part.
That's another thing that's worth mentioning is he's giving this as a lecture to a few dozen teenagers.
Yeah.
What's weird is that every time he talks about women, it will cut to a woman in the crowd.
And it's very clearly from a different part of the lecture that they're getting this footage from.
Because in any other circumstance, she'd be like, what?
What are you talking about?
No, no.
They're deep in this world, though, AJ.
I suppose that's true.
None of these kids are not evangelical, right?
These are kids who are like how James Dobson is, right?
Like, these are, they've heard this, variations on this at least two or three times before.
Oh, I feel so bad for the kids.
One of the kids at one point asked, like, how can I help a friend who I think is addicted to pornography?
Yeah.
And just that, like, white saviorism, like, let me save all my friends and everyone I know.
It's this, like, devastating earnestness that I recognize in myself as well, especially from that time and that age.
Dobson really seems to have a problem with the film E.T.
I don't know why he keeps fucking coming back to those goddamn Reese's Pieces.
He's also fucking wrong.
He's like, oh, yeah, Reese's Pieces.
They never even say the name.
They just show a candy for five seconds and Reese's Pieces sells like crazy.
That's not fucking true.
Don't they show Elliot opening up the fucking thing?
They show the name.
It's a huge plot point is that he uses them to attract the extraterrestrial back to his home.
That's how they become friends is with the candy.
Plus, at the same time, Hershey was putting up commercials for Reese's Pieces with E.T.
In them, including TV commercials.
It wasn't just like, oh, it's so subliminal that you just want to get your fucking Reese's Pieces after seeing a movie that barely mentions them.
No, you're seeing you're getting fucking inundated with nonstop Reese's Pieces all a goddamn time.
And it made some people go, yeah, OK, I want to get that.
Dobson just loves to say some shit, right?
Like some of the other shit that he says.
He says that 85 percent of the porno industry is run by the mafia.
He says that the peep shows are you put a coin in a slot and it goes straight into a big sack of cash that the mobsters then drive off in their trucks to fund their international operations tax free.
Look, I remember that season of The Sopranos.
It was very, very gripping.
But every single one of these statements does contain a grain of truth, right?
There is a tie between the sex industry and organized crime.
Far less so now than there was 50 years ago because it was more heavily like legalized and regulated.
It's so infuriating because he says it with this absolute the same absolute certainty that he treats absolutely everything else.
Yeah.
And there's no room for nuance.
There's no room to clarify these things.
And what you end up doing is you get caught in the weeds like I just did rather than focusing on what the bigger point is.
I don't know if he doesn't care or if they're purposeful lies.
The way that he talks, the way that he writes, it feels true, right?
Oh, there are these grains of truth.
And so I can put any number to it.
I'll exaggerate for a point or I'll just make something up because a parable, a story, a case example, just because it fits into this narrative.
And it is really easy to get sucked into like debunking every little point and then missing actually the ways that this language is working.
It's doing like what is the point of lying in this way?
James Dobson frames everything that he does and always has framed everything that he does as a matter of protection.
Right.
We're protecting children from becoming sexual.
We are protecting women from harm by men who would seek to do them ill.
We are protecting babies from being aborted.
That's right.
But who does this rhetoric really protect?
Well, that's the thing we saw.
Like we're talking about the mafia in the 1920s, the violent crime rate, which was already pretty high compared to what we know today, shot even higher during prohibition.
Because then all alcohol distribution became the matter of various organized crime syndicates that dropped off once prohibition was repealed.
You see the same thing with gay bars all used to be run by the mafia.
Stonewall was run by the mafia.
Gay bars are not run by the mafia today.
Only the fun ones.
Pornographic industry just doesn't have that connection with organized crime anymore.
It's all either decentralized to the point of, you know, people with their independent only fans or whatever, or it's so centralized as like every sex shop is just the lion's den franchise.
And when you make it illegal, when you further marginalize it, all that does is empower existing criminal syndicates to take control of it and to further disempower largely the women, but people of all genders, but especially women who are in any of these sex industries, whether it's full service prostitution, whether it's porn, whether it's dial a porn, whatever.
My podcast, we're doing two episodes next on the strong willed child.
Okay.
And one of the parts, one of the discussions we get into is like the ideology behind it.
And he says it's to protect children or he says it's to promote Christianity.
But even if that's his conscious belief, what it ends up doing isn't protecting kids.
Abortion, outlawing abortion actually increases the rate of abortion and the mortality rate of abortion.
It doesn't protect anyone.
It makes Dobson feel good.
It makes him feel like he's doing something or that the women around him are going to be pure for their husbands or what have you.
Like it's all the most self-serving ideology that I can really imagine.
But because he gets to claim it's God, I'm speaking for God.
I'm just a humble psychologist who believes the Bible.
I don't have an interpretation on it.
He's willfully blind to the ways that he's just enriching himself, both financially and with power.
Yeah.
If you want to enrich us.
That's right.
We're on the topic of enrichment.
Well, you're already enriching us.
You're listening to this episode, which is a premium episode of the worst of all possible worlds.
Thank you for kicking us your five bucks.
It really means a lot that so many of you are willing to stay with us on this journey.
And we appreciate you greatly.
Jake, for folks who want to get more from you, you know, listen to your fantastic podcast.
And I really mean that.
It's a great fun show.
What should they do?
The podcast is called I Hate James Dobson.
It's available wherever you get your podcasts.
And if you want to connect with us more, we have social media.
Pretty much everything is I Hate James Dobson.
Except for Twitter, which is I Hate J Dobs because Twitter is its own fucking thing.
And we also have an email at IHateJamesDobson at gmail.com.
If you want to reach out to us and collaborate or share your stories with us.
Do it, folks.
Seriously.
This is my strongest possible cosign for all of those things.
So I wanted to leave you with this.
It is a clip.
It's actually the very beginning of that Life on the Edge video.
And this is somehow not a porno.
Please enjoy.
Come around.
How you doing over here?
Pretty good.
You about ready to go?
Yeah.
Let me check your horse.
Make sure it's double down.
That looks good.
These are too.
This is going to be a little bit harder than anything you've done before.
But I think you're going to be able to do it.
Yeah.
How you feeling?
I think I'll be able to.
I got a reason.
Yeah.
I'm the worst of all possible Joshes.
I'm the worst of all possible Ajes.
And I'm the worst of all possible Bryans.
See you next week.
Christians in my head.
I feel them in my heart.
Answers I don't know of.
I wonder where to start.
I gave my will to Jesus and decided to trust him.
He gave me every reason to give up all my sin.
I know what you're feeling.
I've been there before.
If you're just letting in, he'll be waiting at the door.
I got a reason to walk the street.
There she is.
Madam movie.
I'll be for you.
I have a reason to walk through  medium.
I have a, she'll be for me.
I'm the one who were zam touchscreen.
Ivor like her.
I don't know.
I'm the one who lived in my world.
I saw how, she was waiting in fire.
I love you.
I'm the one who lived in my heart.
I know what five years of the city.
I love me.
I need to be one who lived in my heart.
I want to help hitch Ab .
I don't know how old.
I valuable himself the story.
I have so happy I want you to live near him.
It's been kaikki pour two or many times.
You've been a good time.
