or tea gives as I call it.
Oh,
is that what you're calling?
Oh yeah.
Black Friday,
the Friday where the stock market crashes.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
I like clockwork.
We had AJ's birthday.
Yeah.
It's his saints feast actually.
It's a,
you're the patron saint of.
Tea gives?
Tea of giving thanks.
Oh.
I don't actually have a patron saint
unless you count like my name,
like Saint Anthony obviously.
No,
you are the patron saint.
Oh me.
You fucking moron.
What are you the patron saint of?
That's what I was asking you.
I'm not a saint.
Which believers do you bless?
I've done no miracles three.
You know what we should do?
We should have a program called the Patreon Saints.
And every month we just pick one of our patrons to worship.
Excuse me,
Josh,
venerate.
That's what the Catholics pretend.
It's idolatry.
It absolutely is.
It's just idolatry.
We know this.
Before we do any episode,
we have to like pray to them.
Uh-huh.
In order to like get that idea to actually go through.
Light their candle.
Yeah.
So many possible worlds,
but we got this one.
So many possible worlds,
but we got this one.
Welcome to the worst of all possible worlds,
the first and only podcast to light your candle.
What are you staring at?
I'm the worst of all possible AJs.
I'm the worst of all possible Bryans.
And I'm the worst of all possible Joshes.
Would you light my candle?
What did you do with my candles?
Hot.
I like it on my fingers.
I figured.
Yeah.
You know what?
Oh,
well,
good night.
Let's see.
This is the end.
We're back for yet another week of case studies in the pop culture of a dying empire.
And here's the thing,
folks.
We have stumbled into a tradition where every year we commemorate our fallen heroes who died on December 7, 1941.
All of the brave men in the USS Arizona.
That's right.
None of the cowards in the USS Oklahoma.
Exactly.
They're doing fine,
Oklahoma.
Also,
if you're coming over from lines led by donkeys,
hi,
welcome.
We're not normally a military history podcast,
but for some reason this week we are.
This is our annual Pearl Harbor episode,
which we do every single year.
We do a Pearl Harbor episode because we are the only Americans left who do not forget.
That's right.
Also,
congrats on the win,
Lions led by donkeys.
I heard it was a wonderful game.
Yes,
the Lions led by donkeys.
The Detroit Lions won the Thanksgiving football game.
Don't call Dan Campbell a donkey.
He is a wonderful man.
Yeah.
Donkeys are great.
Oh boy.
Donkeys.
Think about everything that donkeys have done for us over all of these years.
They are some of our greatest friends.
And what have we done in the modern day?
We have abandoned them for the internal combustion engine.
Sickening behavior.
But yes,
we have ironclad commitment to our bits.
Yes.
And are we,
are we experts in the history of World War II?
Absolutely not.
We've never read a book about it.
So,
however,
what we are experts in sort of is rhetoric in media in the way that the narratives within media shape the world in which we live.
Yeah.
Josh and I both have communications degrees.
That's right.
Liberal arts degrees,
baby.
I have a BFA in drama.
And,
and boy,
howdy,
do you bring it?
What we're going to be talking about today is,
I think,
a great historical case study in the way that narratives can shape reality.
Yeah.
Uh,
we are talking about the doc,
the,
the,
what would you even call this exactly?
Documentary series?
That's a really good question.
I would call it,
uh,
the pinnacle of American war propaganda.
Yes.
Yes.
What it was designed to be ostensibly was a training video for the U S army.
Right.
And then it became something that was given a wide release as a series of films,
not just in America,
but the UK,
Canada,
Australia,
New Zealand.
Um,
and as well as some release in,
uh,
allied countries like,
like the Soviet union.
And after we occupied Germany and Japan,
those countries as well.
And,
uh,
the name of this series is why we fight.
Yep.
And,
uh,
it was directed mostly by a man you may have heard of Frank Capra.
Yeah.
A man you may hear of again this month.
Is that foreshadowing?
It's so funny that this film was so riveting that FDR saw the first one and it was like,
we can't keep this in a bushel basket.
Sorry.
I have a bushel basket.
Yeah.
You can't keep it under there.
Under a,
hide it under a bushel basket.
No,
no.
I'm going to let it shine.
You're going to get this thing out there.
That's my Roosevelt.
That's Kennedy.
I mean,
it's all Kennedy.
Aren't they all just Kennedy?
Roosevelt was Dutch,
first of all.
My fellow Americans.
Yeah.
They are,
they are both Harvard men.
For too long,
we have been hiding our lights under a bushel.
Under a bushel basket.
Today,
I ask you,
ask not what you can hide under your bushel basket,
but what your bushel basket can shine forward for the world.
Yeah,
that's good.
Yeah,
that's good.
I,
I feel like what's going to happen is Josh is going to achieve his lifelong dream of playing FDR and Annie because we have one casting director for the national tour.
Who's listening to this.
Well,
the problem is I'm not bald.
So one of us is bald.
One of us could be daddy war bucks.
And then who am I?
Am I Annie?
Yeah.
You could be Sandy.
So what we're talking about today is of course,
again,
Pearl Harbor,
as it relates to media and it not only got the U S involved in the war effort,
but it also got Hollywood involved in the war effort in a way that it didn't in World War I.
Right.
Because in World War I,
there was a special dispensation is not the right word.
There was a status given to Hollywood.
It was a necessary industry and was not subject to the draft during the first world war.
Oh,
interesting.
A lot of people in Hollywood still were able to use their work in Hollywood to keep from getting drafted, probably most famously John Wayne.
But there were a bunch of people in Hollywood who were interventionists.
There were people like Leslie Howard and Fritz Long and someone that we're going to talk about a little bit today.
Anatoly Litvak,
who were making interventionist propaganda films.
I was a Nazi spy.
Fritz Long made a movie about a guy trying to assassinate Hitler.
Leslie Howard did Pimpernel Smith going off of his fame,
playing the Scarlet Pimpernel,
making a modernized version of it.
And the day after Pearl Harbor,
December 8th,
1941,
Frank Capra enlisted directly into the army as a 44 year old man became a major Frank Capra to work with the Signal Corps.
And he got put into a brand new office that was designed because they're like,
well,
Frank Capra is coming in called the morale office.
At this point,
had Frank Capra already sort of made a mark on the American cinema?
Frank Capra had absolutely the fuck made a mark.
He had just done Mr.
Smith goes to Washington.
Okay,
right.
He had just finished up production on Arsenic and Old Lace,
which he filmed in like a month.
Capra makes his way to Washington,
D.C.
where he starts working with the Signal Corps.
The Signal Corps is the only part of the U.S. military that handles film.
Literally just the stuff,
the celluloid.
Frank Capra doesn't want to come into this as Frank Capra.
Part of the reason that he enlisted was that he likes making movies about the common American,
right?
He likes making movies about decent,
hardworking people who are put upon by the more corrupt elements of American society.
Yeah,
he is.
He is a populist through and through in his approach,
both,
I think,
politically and cinematically.
Now,
not communist.
No,
he's a Republican even.
He was this little Sicilian boy who came to America,
had a healthy distrust of authority,
saw America as the land of the opportunities that it gave him and wanted that for everybody.
And by becoming as rich and as comfortable as he was,
he felt phony.
So he was like,
I want to contribute to this war effort.
I want to do something.
And so many other producers and directors and actors,
of course,
Leslie Howard,
again,
famously died overseas during World War II.
The United States understood how integral building a cohesive narrative would be to get support for the war effort,
because they realized that this wasn't going to be a quick little thing.
This was going to be a long term campaign that would require a great deal of public support back home.
Full mobilization.
As well as keeping people entertained who were deployed.
And so this is also where you got a lot of the big talents who would sort of be cultivated and developed,
especially in the Pacific theater.
You know,
people like Alan Ludden,
Bob Hope,
guys like that.
Exactly.
And so it's this interesting thing where they were working both sides,
established talent,
giving them the opportunity to create stuff that would propagandize for the war,
as well as discovering new talent out in the field and cultivating that as well.
Yeah.
All of this was necessary to preserve morale.
When I was in eighth grade,
I did a USO show.
Oh,
a real one.
Yes.
For the veterans of World War II that were still alive in Escondido,
California.
It was very poorly attended,
except by our parents.
AJ was driving this Mercedes Benz that he stole from a museum that he thought was about toys.
And it turned out to be about like a totally different thing.
And then he found some lipstick in a glove compartment and it was like black.
And he rubbed it on the top of the steering wheel to get it off of his hand.
Cause there was a little bit of a mess.
And then there was this cigarette lighter and I burned my tongue on it.
And that caused me to lurch forward and get some of that on my upper lip.
And then you crash right into the USO show.
And then I staggered out and I started speaking German and gesticulating wildly.
And unfortunately you had been very homophobic to that biker woman,
but yes.
Yeah,
that was,
that was very unfortunate.
And then that elderly World War II veteran,
he shot at you.
Yeah.
He did not love it.
No,
funnily enough,
I played Bob Hope and I did one of Bob Hope's routines.
How to go over.
In the USO show.
I also sang straighten up and fly right as like a nice little number in it.
But I remember I got a big laugh because I had the golf club and I said one of the punchlines.
And I swung back to hit it.
And,
uh,
it went through the curtain and then like I hit the ball and I said,
Oh,
they got to make biggest studios.
Don't they?
And the audience went,
yeah.
Have you actually seen Bob Hope do anything?
Or did you just know like the Simpsons reference?
I watched in preparation for that.
I watched a lot of Bob Hope stand up because they filmed a lot of the USO stuff that he would do,
particularly in like the later years.
Yeah.
And,
uh,
uh,
it was boring.
Uh,
Brian,
how dare you accuse AJ of not doing prep as an actor?
That's really upsetting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've never once winged it.
Never once.
I think that you've done grievous harm and I'm calling you in right now.
Okay.
Yeah.
But it is one of those things that like the sort of propaganda that was built up in why we fight.
And,
you know,
with the help of such luminaries as,
you know,
every Disney character,
uh,
in existence and some of the Looney Tunes,
you know,
was that there were these big,
for those who didn't enlist,
who didn't get involved,
because this was made by the state,
right?
This is a public domain film made by the war office.
Right.
Yes.
That is,
that is the war department.
The war department now known as the department of defense.
The other side of this is contracts.
And so you had everybody in the studios who wasn't enlisting lining up for the contracts.
Walt Disney really wanted the big one and actually lost out to Warner brothers.
Really?
Warner brothers made the private snafu cartoons,
which are fascinating relics.
But that's also why like you get a lot more of the propaganda from Looney Tunes.
There's a lot more and they're a lot more interesting,
but there are some great Disney ones like their furious face with Donald Duck and Disney also made a lot of technical animation.
So you can watch a Walt Disney short that's eight minutes long.
That's just about how to do a flush rivet.
Huh?
And there's,
there's no joke.
There's no Disney component to it.
It's just really,
really detailed graphics that move a little bit.
And it's Disney industrial.
It was just the thing that he spun out in the forties,
but you actually do see a lot of Disney animation in these documentaries because that's who did all of the maps.
Yes.
I noticed that.
As soon as I saw those animations where they like stamp the globe and then the whole thing becomes a swastika or whatever,
I was like,
that looks like Disney.
So I,
so I was right.
It was Disney.
Yeah.
And the net effect of all of this,
right.
Of all of this kind of propaganda is that it's still kind of around today.
I mean,
if I was in eighth grade doing a USO show,
it was because of the effectiveness.
Yes.
Of stuff like why we fight and like these Disney cartoons.
Yeah.
In order for something to work,
it has to be genuinely entertaining or otherwise compelling.
Sure.
Otherwise you just sit there and you get fucking bored.
Yeah.
I'm sure you've seen an educational video in class that you're just like,
Oh my Christ,
please let it end.
Like to be perfectly honest,
even Ken Burns,
the civil war,
which I love.
It's very dry,
dry.
Yeah.
It's pretty boring.
And particularly if you are wanting to rouse people to action,
you need to light a fire in their belly.
And that requires keeping them compelled.
But yeah,
the audience for this is soldiers coming in.
So you're talking about a crowd of people.
That's 18 to 22.
They're all guys.
They've all just had needles shoved up their assholes.
We saw that in Pearl Harbor.
We saw that in Michael Bay's Pearl Harbor.
And so they're,
they're rowdy.
So hot.
Rambunctious.
You know,
they're,
they're pinching each other's nipples.
You know what it's like.
And they're having sex in parachutes.
Tongue in each other's ears.
And you got to get a lot of people in and out.
Cause we're mobilizing like fucking crazy.
We're,
we're taking over industry.
We're changing everything over to munitions.
And we're getting these young men in and through.
And so these films have to be 50 minutes long.
Cause you need an hour of space for them to be okay.
You're doing this thing.
You're doing this thing.
You're getting your eyes checked.
You're going to the theater.
Then you get out of the theater.
So you need 10 minutes to change people over.
Wow.
So that the next crowd can get in.
So that's why they're around 50 minutes.
This is like theme park clockwork.
Yes.
Disney.
You know,
Frank Capra gets his team together.
They make their series of films.
It's supposed to be seven films.
I think there was an intent to make more as we'll talk about.
Later.
Yup.
But yeah,
it was just like,
yeah,
we're going to make these for the morale department.
It's like training,
but it's more like,
here's what we're doing here.
Here's why it's good for you to go off and potentially die.
They,
they make the first one.
They get it off to the white house.
The president takes a look at it.
Capra describes like hanging out with Franklin Roosevelt as like,
if you were a smart man,
he could make you into an idiot.
And if you were an idiot,
he'd make you into an imbecile.
Like his,
he was the,
largest man Frank Capra had ever seen,
even though he wasn't necessarily the biggest man.
Everything about him,
his face was broad.
His shoulders were broad.
He just felt like the biggest guy in the room,
even if he was sitting down.
I mean,
that's,
that's like Bill de Blasio.
Have you ever been in a room with Bill de Blasio?
I have not been in a room with Warren Wilhelm.
No,
I have.
That man is too tall.
And you know what?
When I think,
who am I going to cast as the biggest man,
the smartest man in the room?
My mind immediately goes to John Voight.
Oh yeah.
Naturally.
That's exactly what I was thinking.
I don't know how you thought that too.
Crazy.
It's like recycling.
I feel like this is a thing that this film is,
is based on obviously,
and is in response to triumph of the will.
One of the most boring films.
So ever made.
Yeah.
Triumph of the will was a very popular movie.
It was technically not made by the German government.
Although Adolf Hitler was a co-director of the film.
But Lenny Riefenstahl made that.
And it was a theatrical film that people paid money to go see.
And it made its budget back over and over and over again.
It was a very successful movie.
To my knowledge,
it didn't play in the United States.
I don't think it was allowed to play in the United States.
For the best.
And Capra was able to see it because he was able to see foreign propaganda in his role as a propagandist for the United States.
Right.
And it really shakes him because he's just like,
this is so powerful.
How are we going to ever combat this?
Specifically,
he sees it as a film that is entirely about manipulating the mind to a role of submission.
And that kind of makes it even with my criticisms of Triumph of the will being a shitty movie.
It's like,
oh,
well,
yeah,
you can certainly bore people into submission.
Like,
it's very much about like,
turn your brain off.
Yeah.
the party become your brain.
But it also feels so desperate.
The thing about Triumph of the will is that it's just like,
it really wants to like,
desperately prove to you that the Nazis are this big,
bad,
overbearing party.
Whereas,
why we fight doesn't fall into that trap.
It's never about,
I think,
beating you over the head,
like being like,
you have to love America.
Please love America.
It's just Capra with his full chest saying,
hey,
here's what they're doing over there.
We have to stop it.
And also,
I hate Asian,
I hate the Japanese.
More than any race that's ever been or ever will be.
Even more than the Germans.
Dear God.
With Triumph of the will,
because I also watched a little bit of it.
I watched about six minutes before.
Yeah,
I recommend it to the boys that they watch at least some of Triumph of the will
or watch something about it.
I did not recommend that you watch the whole thing.
No,
because it's really dull.
But the net effect of that is,
yes,
as you were saying,
to impress you.
Yeah.
And to make you fear what will happen if you do not fall in line with the
program.
Whereas why we fight is a very individualistic thing.
It's about how do you compel the individual to action in the service of a
greater good.
So it's falling along,
along sort of classical liberal ideas of what it means to be a person,
what it means to be self-actualized,
what a democracy is.
And I'll be very interested to talk about all of those things as we proceed.
Yeah.
And in many ways,
Frank Capra was the greatest artist of American liberalism.
He was the guy who was able to put it all into words.
He's everything that Aaron Sorkin has tried to be his entire life.
Mm hmm.
But Capra,
you know,
he just has that eccentricity to him and he has that,
that critique to him.
These movies themselves even have critique of America built into them.
Soft critique.
Only just enough.
But like Mr.
Smith goes to Washington.
It's about a guy who goes to Washington and Washington's fucking terrible.
Yeah.
But the fact that he's able to overcome it shows that America's real power lies in its ability to change.
Mm hmm.
And I think the thing about Sorkin is that he doesn't have that working class mentality, right?
He didn't come from nothing.
And he's not a Sicilian immigrant.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know,
I do think that he would probably,
if there was a big war on,
I don't think he would drop everything to go and serve in a department,
you know,
necessarily in the way that Capra would.
It is remarkable that this thing is as compelling as it is.
I,
I will just put this out here,
uh,
forthright.
I was so bored this whole time.
Okay.
I,
I,
this just,
this did not compel me.
I think in the same way it seems to have compelled the two of you.
I found the first one in the last ones that to be compelling,
the ones that we're actually going to be talking about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The stuff in the middle gets pretty prosic.
When it's informational,
it's pretty much just informational.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it gets there,
but like there are these incredible flourishes,
like what we'll talk about with the first 10 minutes of part one prelude to war that are just unbelievable to me.
Once this plays for FDR and he,
you know,
gets very big,
uh,
around,
uh,
Frank Capra,
who was a very small man.
Oh no.
FDR has become big.
You must contain him.
What's next?
Will he become new?
Yeah.
Not his cousin.
So FDR is like,
this is so fucking good.
We should put this in theaters.
Yeah.
Like we don't,
we don't just have to show this to,
to the troops coming in.
We should get everyone to watch this.
Hell,
make them watch the whole series.
From what I can tell,
they may not have shown the other films in the series,
at least not as a broad release in the United States,
but they were given broad release throughout the rest of the English speaking world.
Interestingly enough,
but the very first film is released as prelude to war.
It's shown in like matinees on Saturday,
which like,
imagine being like a nine year old and seeing this.
So this would be a pre-roll before you watch.
No main event.
Oh really?
No,
you had a,
the B movie before this.
Huh?
And,
and that it was like,
okay,
here's this barely,
like not even an hour long propaganda film about fighting in the war.
And you know,
the way film is moving around theaters,
you might not even see it until like 1943.
And you're like,
no,
I'm,
I'm with the program here.
I just imagined being a kid being like,
oh man,
the newsreels are over.
Finally a movie.
More newsreels.
The newsreels wrap up.
You get one Looney Tune and then we're onto this.
It's like,
you're just like,
you're coming into this.
You're wearing your big hat.
You are a news boy.
You're like,
ah,
my whole freaking life is the news and hot dogs.
And I can't even eat a hot dog.
Well,
I don't know why it's a Midwestern news boy,
but it's like,
he's in Chicago.
Yeah.
Jeff,
Jeff Daniels is in the back being like,
we used to be number one in the world.
What happened to this country?
Not the news room,
the news boys.
That's right.
And then Peter Furler comes in and he starts drumming and,
and,
and Michael Tate comes in and he talks about how God's not dead.
It's incredible.
He's surely alive.
And then the theater burns to the ground because I lit it on fire.
Yeah.
And,
and of course the,
the exits were not up to code and everyone died.
And it's just a horrible tragedy.
You know,
things burn in Chicago so much.
It was really sad when the news boys,
both actual news boys and the band died in a fire in a Chicago theater in 1941.
I agree.
And then Alan Menken wrote that beautiful musical about them.
Somebody,
somebody,
somebody,
that's,
that's,
that's what the,
the original meaning of open the gates and seize the day meant.
They were trying to get out of the theater as they burned alive.
And remember,
this is not,
these are a series of films,
but it's not TV.
TV was still,
it was around,
but it was basically just being watched by rich people.
And once you get into world war two,
TV production isn't happening anymore because those factories are building munitions.
Sure.
So this gets released to the public,
at least at first in May of 1942.
So think about that.
Six months after the bombing of Pearl Harbor.
Wow.
This is not only a finished film,
but this is now a finished and widely distributed film,
right?
They're already showing it to the troops for a couple months before this.
This movie is very highly praised by the critics and it even wins Frank Capra an Oscar for best documentary.
So the other people who are involved in this,
as I mentioned before,
Anatoly Litvak,
he gets roped into this.
Litvak was born in the Russian empire,
you know,
in Ukraine and then lived near Moscow when he was growing up and then got involved in the early Soviet film industry for his career,
moved to Germany and then to France.
And then as it was becoming very clear that it would be kind of dangerous for a Jewish guy in France making movies,
he got out of France and came to the U.S.
So he had worked in the same industry as Sergei Eisenstein,
right?
One of the luminaries of Soviet propaganda and one of the leading theorists on editing and on montage.
That is an aesthetic that I find compelling in a way that the Nazi aesthetic is just not.
And when you watch something like Triumph of the Will,
I think it sort of jumps out at you how they're kind of trying to do the Soviet realist thing by presenting you with these images.
But because they don't understand the underlying dialectic,
it just looks like slop.
And like Capra also really knows how to use montage.
He's like a pioneer of the whole like something is spinning,
a newspaper headline pops out.
Then you see,
you know,
Mr. Smith going and punching everybody in Washington.
Like,
that's such a great sequence that's so disorienting that it's just like you just need the idea that he's punching a lot of people.
And the combination of these two things,
Capra is overseeing the whole project.
And serving as a co-director.
But Litvak is doing a lot more of the hands-on part of this.
And he is the sole director of the episode about Russia.
And the episode about Russia ends up going to Russia.
And Stalin has one of his guys translating it.
Like they didn't have time to put subtitles into it yet.
He watches it once,
stands up and is like,
make a fucking thousand copies of this.
And we're playing in all of our theaters.
So literally just like a translator being right there being like,
and this is what they just said,
just saying it to Stalin.
And so he was like,
send this over to our film offices.
They'll print the subtitles and we'll get this out.
And I think maybe there was even dubbing.
That's so interesting that he handled it because my note for that episode was Comrade Capra.
And it's,
it's a propaganda piece for the Soviet Union.
And that's the thing.
It's like,
that's what we had to do because they were the most significant ally in the war effort.
Right.
Right.
There was nobody who had that much brute strength and the amount of raw material resources that the U.S.
had.
The only other country that had that was the USSR.
But also noteworthy that,
as you were saying,
Brian,
Capra doesn't get a directing credit on the Russia one.
Yeah.
Only Litvak does.
And Litvak even got a medal from Stalin for that film,
which must have been a little bit odd for him.
But yeah,
there's a lot that that film leaves out about Joseph Stalin,
which.
And about like communism.
Right.
It in the same way,
we're not talking about the Russia one today or the any of these middle ones.
We're talking about the first one,
the last one.
But like the Russia and China ones use this appeal to broader history.
Of course,
China wasn't communist yet,
but Russia had been communist for like 20 some years.
It appeals to the broad history.
Here we go back to before there was even really a quote Russia.
Right.
They're going back to like the Novgorod prince and things like that.
Well,
it's also the essential bravery of the Russian people.
Yes.
Right.
That's the big thing that they planted.
And it's not it's not ideology.
It is the core like courage in a person that makes them stand up and fight.
And the broad range of ethnic diversity as well.
That's not just a thing that's applied to the Russians.
It's applied to every group of people that there are inherent traits that you are born with.
If you are born in a certain country,
it is a fascinating artifact of the story that America was telling about itself in the 1940s
and how some of that story is still being told today.
But the thing that really struck me was how different the narrative is than it was in the 40s.
And we'll get to that particularly in part two when he posits like,
what is the future of America?
Yeah.
What do we feel about the future of America?
Yeah.
So this first part,
Prelude to War,
the one that was certainly the most widely seen out of all of them,
also brought in William Hornbeck,
who is a British editor who worked on the Scarlet Pimpernel with Leslie Howard.
He worked on the Thief of Baghdad and then later on worked on Shane, Giant and,
oh, look at this.
It's a Wonderful Life.
And for our writers,
we have Anthony Weiler and the Epstein brothers.
The Epstein brothers were the guys who wrote Casablanca.
They were identical twin brothers.
They were playwrights before they were screenwriters.
And in fact,
Julius Epstein,
the surviving brother,
was the librettist for the very first Stephen Sondheim musical,
Saturday Night.
Whoa!
Which then didn't get a production until 1994,
but it was supposed to be produced in the mid-50s.
Then they get Walter Houston,
the actor from such films as The Treasure of the Sierra Madre,
to be the narrator for this film.
Sometimes they don't have Walter Houston.
They have Anthony Weiler doing some of the narration.
I don't exactly know why,
but I just assume it was like,
oh,
we're going to throw this thing in and he's not available.
Let's talk for a second about title cards.
Yeah.
Because this movie does an interesting dialogue between Walter Houston's narration and title cards.
There is very key information that is not delivered audibly.
Yes.
And so this opens with two big,
well,
three title cards.
I'm going to read two of the important ones.
This film,
the first of a series has been prepared by the War Department to acquaint members of the army
with factual information as to the causes,
the events leading up to our entry into the war,
and the principles for which we are fighting.
We are determined that before the sun sets on this terrible struggle,
our flag will be recognized throughout the world
as a symbol of freedom underlined on one hand
and of overwhelming power underlined on the other.
Oh,
which is kind of a scary,
like we want to be liberators,
but we also want to be terror.
We want to strike fear into the hearts of the wicked.
Yeah.
Liberators and conquerors.
Yeah.
Right.
Both,
both at once.
It's a heavy metal cover of happy birthday.
Like I'm feeling like celebrated and also terrified.
And so this was by a GC Marshall,
the chief of staff.
I also thought it was interesting here as well,
that he says,
uh,
no compromise is possible in the victory of the democracies can only be complete with,
then this is underlined utter defeat.
Yeah.
The war machines of Germany and Japan.
And it's something that's noteworthy about this piece as well.
That bit about utter defeat that shows up at the end of every installment.
Every single one.
Yeah.
Also George Marshall,
chief of staff for the army would of course later go on to structure the Marshall plan,
which provided us aid to the rebuilding economies of Western Europe.
And this Marshall plan is probably what he's most remembered for today.
Yeah.
And I think the Marshall plan is an interesting example of providing freedom,
but also subjecting you to the overwhelming power of the American state.
Yeah.
In this case,
our economic power.
Yeah.
The seal that is behind this,
by the way,
uh,
is the ward,
the seal of the war department.
I think specifically it's the Eagle holding,
like,
I think the arrows and the,
the arrows in one,
the olive branch and the olive branch and the other one.
But what I never noticed before was that his eyes are fully like bulging out of his head and look like googly eyes.
And it was so distracting because it looks like he's screaming.
Oh,
it was lovely.
I,
yeah.
Yeah.
That's the most AJ observation.
I didn't put that much thought into the seal.
I liked kiss from a rose.
This then smash cuts to Pearl Harbor.
Like you get the explosion of a bomb and black smoke.
It becomes this again,
Eisenstein ask montage of artillery,
European wreckage,
composite images of the Eiffel tower,
Nazi flags being raised,
goose stepping over images of,
uh,
the Arc de Triomphe.
There's this,
uh,
shot and I don't know where they found this,
but it's really cool of a Luftwaffe plane flying over the Parthenon in Athens.
You have armies marching over landmarks and maps,
and this becomes a motif.
You're always going to see these semi-transparent armies over landmarks and maps throughout this whole series.
So this is all newsreel footage.
And the way that you're able to capture newsreel footage at this time is just it's film.
And then you have someone taking sound,
but for the most part,
this stuff is not synchronized unless you have somebody talking.
So you have to realize that the sound being organized here is not live sound.
It is orchestrated just the same way that you would orchestrate sound in just a traditional movie.
This is all layered fully on top of these images.
So it's all very deliberately placed shit.
Capra has this really wonderful way of sensing when his audience is getting bored because he uses that
opportunity to fire a big gun to wake you the fuck up.
And that happens a lot in for like the first 10, 15 minutes.
And then it kind of goes away for a while because he has your attention by that point.
And then like periodically another big gun goes off and you're like right back in.
Well, and I think the net effect of all of this is,
well, first of all, it is a shock to your senses.
And it's remarkable.
It's a shock to a.
That's so true, Brian.
It's remarkable considering how overwhelmed we all are with so much information all the time now.
Yeah.
This can still stick out and can still work.
I have to imagine that back then this must have just been like mind blowing.
Yeah.
You have bombs falling over Europe.
You hear them whistling.
You see them sort of wobbling through the air and they dissolve into this image of a foundry
and just molten metal being poured out.
Right.
It doesn't even space these images out.
One is Europe being destroyed.
And this next one, the foundry image, which is a kind of apocalyptic thing.
Right.
It's a very destructive looking thing.
But no, this is now American manufacturing.
Right.
This is the hope of the entire world.
The arsenal of democracy, baby.
Detroit, Michigan.
Go Lions.
Detroit, Michigan gets mentioned so much in this series and in the other films that Frank
Capra does for the War Department.
By the way, speaking of Detroit, I just have to say there is a shot here of like it's an
animated, I guess, drawing of a map of America.
And then it keeps zooming out.
Oh, yeah.
You see the whole world.
But this map of the United States features the most fucked up rendering of this great
state of Michigan that I have ever seen in my life, which is saying something because
I grew up in Michigan and I've seen countless depictions of Michigan that are bizarre.
Wisconsin looks even worse.
It's been like it looks like it's been put into a hydraulic press.
The Finns finally got their way.
The Finns from the UP just invade.
They came over from the UP in Minnesota into Wisconsin to crush it in one big hydraulic press.
Vatifi just made it smaller.
So, yeah, we see all of these different like pieces of manufacturing.
All this is like probably stock footage, things that you're pulling from that are, again,
semi-transparent.
And then you just have this fucking ocean of American helmets of heads with helmets marching
together as the map of the U.S. with the fucked up Michigan and Wisconsin are behind you.
And then the map zooms out to the entire world.
Of course, this is good.
This is hopeful.
They're marching to us.
We're not seeing.
They're marching to us.
They're marching to us.
They're marched to us.
They're not doing the goose step.
They're not doing the highly seemingly acrobatic, right?
Like the way that the goose step is portrayed as sort of a circus act in this series.
We're just seeing the same image of a vast wealth of soldiers covering the entire world.
But now it's a good thing instead of a bad thing.
I will say I do like the part where he's talking about how like the Germans are biologically
compelled to do the goose step.
I got the argument that it was like it was a tool of fascism using the goose step to make
you into a fascist.
I mean, that is the more you move with it.
But yeah, but that's true of any real marching.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
You know, like it is it is to put you in line and to make you like respect higher authority
and like make you move like clockwork to stop thinking, just move.
But it is so interesting how he like focuses on certain types of marching are bad.
But if they're done by our allies, it's good.
Actually, it's notable that we're not seeing the legs of our marching soldiers.
We're seeing right.
We're seeing the mass of them in the same way that we see the mass of like a crowd in
Times Square in other parts of these films.
We're not seeing the unified movement.
Did I ever tell you guys about the time that I was in a marching band?
No.
How did that go, Josh?
But really, I haven't.
I don't remember if I ever told the story on the podcast before.
No, I didn't know we were both in a marching band.
Please go on.
In seventh grade, I was homeschooled.
Peace, the deep Josh lore here.
Oh, my God.
Were you in a homeschool marching band?
I was in a homeschool marching band.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, onward, Christian soldiers.
In order to do extracurricular activities, there was something in Michigan.
I think I have talked about this before called the homeschool building.
Yes.
Yes.
You have talked about homeschool building.
And it was a building for homeschoolers.
It's a mat with conclusions that you jump to.
But the mat is sold by Amway.
Exactly.
One of the songs that we played was And Can It Be.
You know, and can it be that I should gain.
That's for marching band?
What the fuck?
For marching band.
Okay.
I, for some reason, still have stuck in my head that a couple of the students
like took that song and then they sang at the end of band camp.
There was like a two week long band camp that we did to train going into the summer
marching season.
And there were a couple of kids who went up and sang, and can it be a homeschool
marching band?
And then we did a parade in Lansing, the capital of the great state of Michigan.
And I almost passed out from heat exhaustion.
That, that is, that'll get you in a marching band pretty much every time.
What were you playing it, Josh?
Did you say?
I, so I played French horn.
So I was actually playing a, but what do you call the, the, the fucking marching French
horn again?
A mellophone.
I was playing a mellophone.
I was on percussion for it.
I usually played bass drum, but I could not carry the bass drum.
So another one of the percussionists had to do bass drum and I got to do triangle.
So as I marched next to him.
I love that you're both so frail.
Yeah.
So, so my buddy had to play fucking bass drum and was like, I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
And I'm like, I'm having a great time.
Ding, ding, ding.
I was like, oh, my feet really hurt.
And meanwhile, I could hear his back like snapping.
That sounds right.
Well, and speaking of marching bands and marching and tiny instruments, we, we, we get like
our montage of Washington DC complete with like a knife and snare drum and everything.
Oh yeah.
They're playing the hits.
It's a lot of parades.
Yeah.
There's a lot of parade.
That's all people did at this point in time was like join clubs and go to parades.
And they love joining.
We get a quote from vice president Henry Wallace.
Sorry, Henry.
It should have been you in that in term for anyway.
His comments are about like what this war is.
And he says that there is a free world and there is a slave world.
And we get one of these Disney graphics that shows two globes separating.
And one is the shadow of the other.
Then this thrusts us into the free world for a moment.
The bright globe gives us quotes from Abraham, Confucius, Muhammad, and Jesus Christ.
Today, you would not have a propaganda film for America that includes a quote from the
Quran.
No, no.
These are all being brought together to show, okay, here's liberal America.
And the Quran was widely read by the founding fathers of America as well.
It was a very popular book in the late 1700s in the colonies.
However, the song playing underneath all of it is it came upon a midnight clear, which is
just a Christian song.
So there is still like a thumb on the scale, even if they don't even realize just how much
they're driving that home towards Christianity over all the others.
So then this jumps straight from these texts into the constitution with international revolutionaries
being listed afterwards.
Not just Americans like Jefferson, but also Kosciuszko, who was part of the American revolution,
but also went back to Europe.
Garibaldi's in there.
Garibaldi.
De Bolivar.
Yeah.
And Josh, you have a point to make about this?
Well, right.
I mean, you know who's not in here is fucking Lenin.
Yes.
I could have seen maybe a draft of this where they would have had a quote from Marx, right?
Because we're working alongside the Soviet Union, but they didn't go with it.
The liberal revolution is different from the socialist revolution.
And this film is avowedly anti-communist or maybe not anti-communist.
It just kind of pretends that communism doesn't exist.
Yeah.
Right.
It avoids the existence of socialism because it is trying to make the core argument that
like the true form of human expression in a political society is liberalism, which is
to say, I'm talking in a very classical sense here, right?
That individuals have God-given rights, which they can then express freely.
And that it is by, you know, allowing enough freedom for those rights to be preserved that
we can build a society together.
And so this is basically linking that that political liberal ideal with the civic religion,
which is mostly Christianity, basically trying to bring you to a point where it's like,
oh, yeah, I buy into this stuff because I'm an American.
Yeah.
And therefore, it is only natural that I be categorically opposed to Nazism.
It is another like characteristic that you are born with as an American, that your nationality
is it gives you endows you with some sort of like genetic predisposition to liberalism,
which is interesting coming from Capra, who was not born here.
Yeah.
I don't think he was born in Italy.
He was an immigrant.
Yeah.
It's interesting, too, right?
Because in episode two, the one where they talk about sort of Germany's rise, they show
briefly footage of the rally at Madison Square Garden.
Yeah.
And they show American Bund.
Yeah, that's right.
And they show Fritz Kuhn, who was also an immigrant, but who did become a naturalized
American citizen, but he's not a quote unquote real American.
Right.
They say that he's hiding behind the American flag.
Yeah.
Even though the big image at that fucking Nazi rally at Madison Square Garden was like a
30 foot tall or taller than that.
Even it was like a 40 foot tall George Washington.
It's it's almost that America like our ideas of liberalism is the natural endpoint for all human
reasoning and thought.
Yes.
Everything that came before was building to this moment.
And we have achieved it.
And by doing so, giving into fascism would be reverting back to an earlier ideology that
just didn't work.
Right.
And we cannot go back and using the vice president's reference to slavery.
Specifically, Nazism is slavery.
And this is also why they name check Genghis Khan.
Yeah.
They compare sort of what's going on with Nazism to the Mongol horde, you know?
And so the culmination of this sequence then is one of the most famous quotes from the
American Revolution playing over an image of the Liberty Bell itself ringing.
Let freedom ring!
This is maybe, maybe a little on the nose.
Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery?
Forbid it, almighty God.
You see the White House, the Capitol building, the Statue of Liberty.
I know not what course others may take.
But as for me, give me liberty or give me death.
We should say at this point, it's been an hour of recording time, maybe a little less for
the final edit.
But we are seven minutes in to the first film.
It is very dense, but it's also very front loaded because it does become informational
later on.
This first seven minutes is like, here is fucking everything.
And later we're going to, you know, put it into little pieces.
They talk a lot about slavery, obviously, in this without talking about American slavery.
Right.
Because obviously it is propaganda.
You can't like take too, too many digs at yourself.
But it is interesting what he chooses to focus on as the digs for what America has done wrong
without acknowledging slavery feels.
Without acknowledging slavery or reservations or anything like that.
Chinese exclusion, Chinese exclusion, which was still actively the law during World War II,
even though we're like our friends, the Chinese.
Yes.
Like, well, in this and you know, it's the same mindset that would lead to Japanese internment.
Right.
I also thought it was really wild how there's a part a little later on where they're talking
about like all the different kinds of ethnicity you can be.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's like in part seven.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's in part seven.
It's in the second half that like they differentiate Danes from Swedes, I think.
But then there's exactly one mention of black people and it's like and they picked cotton.
And it's like, oh, yeah.
And it's specifically using the image of the sharecropper.
Yeah.
Not of the slave.
But it's also like, well, Jesus Christ, dude, because it's it's trying to do like the immigrant
story.
Here's the great melting pot.
It's like, well, this wasn't exactly immigration.
Was it when there's like there's a reason that you can't break these people down based
on their ethnicity and nationality?
Right.
Yeah.
It also goes out of its way to like justify that.
Hey, not all Germans are bad.
Look at all of these German friends of ours, all these German American friends of ours who
looked at Hitler's, you know, bunk and said, no, no, no.
Anyway, about the Japanese.
Yeah.
I'm like, we're the Japanese Americans, Frank.
Oh, yeah.
They're in internment camp.
Right.
So we're veering away from the free world now to the slave world.
That's right.
To the earth and its double.
We are now in the shadow realm, which which the United States has never been a part of.
We've never had any connection.
We've never been part of the slave world.
We see maps running black with ink.
And in the language of black and white filmmaking at the time, you could also potentially interpret
that as red.
And we see like Germany turning black with ink, Italy becoming black with ink, Japan becoming
black with ink and then spreading out, you know, to Albania, to to the Netherlands, to
all the places that they're invading.
And the great crime of fascist regimes in this movie is the sacrifice of individual identity
and individual determination.
Yeah.
I grabbed a quote here that I thought was interesting where it says two courses were available to
the Italian people.
They could solve their problems in a democratic way or they could let someone else do the
solving for them.
They made the tragic mistake of choosing the second course.
And similarly, in the episode about Britain, the narrator says in a democracy, it is not
the government that makes war.
It is the people.
Now, this sort of elides, I think, a very important fact, which is that even in a democratic
society, you do have to sacrifice a lot of liberties to a strong leader in order to
get full war mobilization.
Which is what we are doing at that point in time.
Exactly.
This film is being made like Roosevelt was the most powerful executive this country has
ever had.
Yeah.
Abraham Lincoln suspended habeas corpus during the civil war.
You know, things change regarding your leader.
And that is at least in the society that we have structured, the political society we have
structured because the president is the commander in chief.
Right.
So Capra is talking about these three countries of the axis by giving a sort of biography of
their heads without naming them.
Interestingly enough, he shows images of them, but he does not say their names yet.
And that includes some of that quote that you included.
But I'm still going to throw this clip in here.
Yeah.
It's describing how Hitler and Mussolini become Hitler and Mussolini.
In Italy, it began when an ambitious rabble rouser set his followers marching on Rome.
The country, like every other country after the last war, was torn by political unrest,
hard times, unemployment.
Two courses were available to the Italian people.
They could solve their problems in a free democratic way, or they could let someone else do the solving
for them.
They made the tragic mistake of choosing the second course.
They put their trust and faith in this one man.
They believed he represented them.
Actually, he planned to betray them for the selfish interests of himself and the group back
of him.
Just as he had earlier betrayed those who first supported him.
In Germany, another and even more forceful demigod set his followers marching from the Munich
beer halls.
He, too, had the sinister opportunity to take advantage of post-war chaos.
He also had certain distinctive German characteristics to play on.
To start with, the Germans have an inborn national love of regimentation and harsh discipline.
He could give them that.
Yeah, there's no love of regimentation and harsh discipline in the United States of America
also in the early 20th century.
None whatsoever.
No, and that's the thing about all propaganda, right?
It is mostly projection.
It is all like, well, they're doing it, but it's them doing it, so it's bad.
When we do it, it's okay and good, actually.
You know, obviously, it's interesting that this is propaganda that I, for the most part, agree
with.
Nazis are bad.
And Germans are very regimented people.
They love trains!
But they do!
It's true!
But like, so are the Swiss.
Right, right, right.
Yeah, and there's, I mean, this is not a thing.
This is not a thing.
German characteristic.
German trait.
No, absolutely not.
And I also, yeah, I would not necessarily call the Weimar period of Germany a very orderly
point in time.
Yeah, they won't run a long work under Ron Bismarck.
Yeah.
No, it was, it was fucking chaos for the most part.
And I think that it's, it is interesting to see this as the story that America is telling at
this time.
We already made all of these mistakes and they were minor and they were in the past,
but they're making them now.
And so they have to be taken care of.
And so for the third head of the Hydra, of course, we continue on to the description of
fascist Japan.
In Japan, you expect things to be done a little differently.
They were.
Here, not one man, but a gang.
Disguise their little schemes as the will of the emperor.
And to the Japanese people, the emperor is gone.
Taking advantage of their fanatical worship of the god emperor, it was no great trick to
take away what little freedom they had ever known.
Yes, in these lands, the people surrendered their liberties and threw away their human dignity.
They gave up their rights as individual human beings.
There's that liberal framing.
They became a part of a mass, a human herd.
It's interesting because I've read a little bit of an author named Lafcadio Hearn.
Very unusual name.
He was a Greek.
Hearn about him?
He was a Greek, Welsh, Irish, American, Japanese guy.
He grew up in the British Isles.
Lovecraft would have run the fuck away from this guy.
He was a journalist in the United States, in New Orleans for a long time, and then became
a journalist in Japan.
I believe was the first, since the reopening of Japan, he was the first foreign-born person
to receive Japanese citizenship.
And he wrote about, he was an ethnographer.
He collected folk tales, and he also just wrote about modern Japan in the 1910s and 20s.
And in his book, Kuidan, he has this whole section towards the end of it that's about
how what he sees as the burgeoning nationalist movement is, in fact, so obscene to his love
of Japan because he sees Japan as an orderly collectivist state.
Right.
And he sees the nationalist movement as being individualistic.
That's so interesting.
Because it does play off of this broad belief of individual determination, right?
The Nazi expansion was Lebensraum, which was the frontier to create a new space like America
had, where you can have this room to spread out, build your family, own it for yourself,
and build your own life, which Germans, just like so many Europeans, had been suffering after
the First World War, had been suffering in the Weimar period, had had just horrible, horrible,
chaos.
You know, the different shifting powers.
You didn't know what government you were going to wake up to.
You didn't know what your money was going to be worth the next day.
So you say, oh, no, this is how you reclaim your individuality by joining up with the party
in the state.
It gets close, I think, to identifying the thing.
But what it misses is that this isn't just some sort of mass psychosis or collective delusion.
It is a response to material conditions.
Yeah.
It is a situation where people feel like they've been fucked and they're looking for an opportunity
to improve their lot in life.
And a fucking charlatan comes along and points to something that feels intuitively like a good
way to do it because they feel like they are being spoken to in a way that they have not been
spoken to.
And they feel that they are being heard in a way that they have not been heard.
Yeah.
And it's it's also just this thing of like he's trying to group three very different situations
and make it into one big situation.
Like Germany and the rise of Hitler is completely different to the rise of Hirohito in Japan
is completely different.
The rise of of Mussolini in Italy.
It is all it is all very like there are similarities.
Certainly, of course, they're all huge.
Yeah, huge similarities.
But like, yeah, they come from different conditions to group them all under one big evil umbrella.
It all it's always going to butt heads because the history is different because the circumstances
leading to that rise are different in each case.
I also love that the imagery here, the one for Japan turning into a dragon.
Great.
Looks exactly like it.
The Germany into the swastika.
Very cool.
Very evocative.
Italy into the fascis into a like, I don't know.
It looks like a wrench.
It's a fascist.
I'm like, those are the fascis, AJ.
That's.
No, no.
I know they're fascist.
No, that's the fascis.
The symbol itself.
The F-A-S-C-E-S.
Hold on.
Hold on.
OK, so there's a bunch of fascists, right?
AJ.
The fascis.
AJ, do you not know what fascis are?
No, of course I fucking do.
It's the symbol of the Italian fascism.
I'm making a loose in first joke, you fuckers.
Anyway, it doesn't matter.
No, but it's so funny that like everything else sort of matches the country in a way.
And then the fascis comes in.
Yeah, no, it's just a big pile of sticks.
It's like, I mean, Disney had an idea because the black dragon was supposed to resemble the
shape of Japan because they're talking about what is happening in this sequence is they're
talking about real secret societies that formed in these countries.
In Japan, you had the black dragon, which was a society that had formed in like 1900 in
order to keep Russia out of Manchuria because there's a river known as the black dragon.
That's that's the border between China and Russia.
And it was always a very, very small group of people, but they were all very influential.
They were sort of a Japanese in a sense Illuminati.
Then in Germany, you had the Nazis, which were a secretive group for a long time using the
Hockencoits, the swastika as their symbol.
And then the fascists in being used by the fascists in Italy.
Now in a little a little less secret.
And like, yeah, they wanted to just make a unifying image.
And it's like, well, yeah, Germany's not swastika shaped.
Right.
At least there aren't any powerful secret societies with fascist tendencies in the United States
that we have to worry about.
You know, certainly there haven't been any Nazi rallies at Madison Square Garden recently.
And plus, our borders are not totally contiguous.
So what kind of shape could you morph it into?
Yeah, that's a really good point.
Big old, big old dick.
That's a weird dick.
With Alaska on it?
I mean, yeah, that's the balls.
Alaska's the balls?
The balls are on the other side of the thing from the penis?
It's like in a wind tunnel.
You just got to picture a dick at a wind tunnel.
Okay, I'm picturing it.
I'm rotating it in my mind.
This is completely different from my wind tunnel dick.
I've taken so many dicks into wind tunnels, they've never come out looking like...
What about Hawaii?
The last time I put my dick in a wind tunnel...
Hawaii is the secret third thing.
It didn't end well.
A wind tunnel?
Pal, that's my wife you're talking about.
Hey, let's go.
Let's go.
Well, so then it gives us this moment of like, here are these three drawn pictures of the
three leaders.
Get to know their faces very well.
I find this to be a very interesting little sequence here.
They say trouble always comes in threes.
Take a good close look at this trio.
Remember these faces.
Remember them well.
If you ever meet them, don't hesitate.
It's our faces for some reason?
It's the three of us?
What are you talking about?
I do love the line, if you ever meet them, don't hesitate.
And remember, this is instructional.
This is like, by the way, if you see a guy that looks like this, shoot him in the fucking face.
Kill him.
Kill him dead.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I also took down the line.
They say trouble always comes in threes.
Much like Alan Tudyk.
Hmm.
That's true.
Because he's got three of them.
Yeah.
It's a misnomer.
Yeah.
At this point, we have been seeing footage that is taken directly from Japanese propaganda,
Italian propaganda and German propaganda.
Yes.
And the thing about triumph of the will and the thing about fascist aesthetics is that they
are, well, they are meant to provide a symbol of freedom on the one hand and of overwhelming
power on the other, which means that they are supposed to strike terror into the hearts
of their enemies.
And so Frank Capra has taken these terroristic images and made them into images of terror
for you to be against.
Right.
And takes away their power at the very end by putting these three heads up like the three
stooges.
But instead, I think they should have just gone all the way and just had.
But instead, they go with some some circus music, some call.
This is a very difficult line as well, like in terms of finding the proper balance.
Right.
Because if you go too far in the direction of making them look intimidating, they are
now something that you should be so afraid of that you might actually not be even willing
to fight them because you, too, are afraid of being overwhelmed.
If you go too far in the other direction, however, they become comical.
They are no longer a threat to be taken seriously.
Yeah.
The narration stays fully serious, like the only comic part of this moment.
They're not caricatured faces.
It's just this music being clown music.
And and the narrator is like, if you see them do what you can for the good of the world
and put a bullet in their fucking skull.
I think that the next bit where they sort of summarize how fascism comes about is really
good.
Yeah.
They started with these secret societies and now they're going into the political formation
of fascism point by point.
Right.
First thing you make the legislature into a rubber stamp organization.
Everything submits to the will of the executive.
The next point, your free press gets taken over by state media.
Yep.
Your best movie makers.
They start working for the armed forces.
Hold on.
You ban free assembly.
You ban jury trial.
You ban labor unions.
Once again, this can't be socialist, but it does have to acknowledge that trade unionism
and the abolition of trade unionism is one of the most important parts of the road to
fashion.
It also has to be true to just what America is at this time.
Yes.
You can't be anti-union and appeal to people.
No.
Right.
The unions agreed with the U.S. government not to go on strike during the war, which is
why we had this massive wave of strikes in 1946.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Peace was declared.
Oh, interesting.
But yeah, no, if you say anything bad about the unions, Jimmy Hoffa is going to dump your body
in a marsh in Queens.
Yeah.
Some Swedish guy is going to be like, hey, I'm a fucking Stevedore or whatever we do.
And I have to put barrels on the Edmund Fitzgerald.
And I want to bring a pension back to my wife and kids.
Yeah.
It's also like this is a reflection of FDR at the time, who is a, you know, he instituted
the new deal.
He put in a lot of protections for unions.
And it is always fascinating to me when I was taught about FDR.
I don't know if this is true for either of you, too, but it was just like, yeah, the
new deal was fine, but it was World War Two.
That really saved this country.
And it was like, I don't know.
I think had World War Two not happened entirely and the new deal was just allowed to sort of
play out.
I think it probably also would have saved the country.
Not as quickly, but it would have like I think the world would look a lot different
today if the lesson we learned was, oh, if you go to war, we'll fix the economy.
Yeah.
Now that you've gotten rid of the labor unions, what do you do?
You have forced labor and you form a secret police.
Right.
You keep people on their toes and you keep a police force that is completely unaccountable
and unpublic.
You have purges and assassinations.
They do this whole sequence with the Night of the Long Knives, Rome getting killed and
doing the Capra montage with the headlines and everything so fast.
You can't actually read it intermixed with flashes of bullets.
And a lot of this footage has to be like recreated footage.
Right.
They have people in apartments like falling over.
This is not real footage from someone getting assassinated on the Night of the Long Knives.
But it's done so seamlessly that it kind of feels like somehow they got a camera in there,
which is very, very cool.
And we'll talk about this in even more depth right here with finally there is one obstacle
left.
And this is something I disagree with pretty firmly that it's like, oh, yeah, I guess if
you're if you're following the Niemller poem, then like, yeah, then they arrest Niemller.
But they say the one obstacle left standing in the way of the state is the church.
Right.
I don't think the church was really standing in the way.
Some churches were, but not the church.
Well, and I mean, yeah, if you want to talk about the current situation right here in the
United States in 2024.
Yeah.
Most of the Christian church, at least on the evangelical side of things, has already been
captured.
There is no meaningful resistance to the fascist project within Protestantism.
But the way that Capra and Litvak decide to portray the church and they show synagogues alongside
it is as a force of opposition against Nazi Germany, more most specifically Nazi Germany,
not so much, of course, Japan, which doesn't really have much of a of an established church
body or Italy.
So we see my favorite image in all of these these churches that are being destroyed is
the brick being thrown through the stained glass window, revealing a portrait of Adolf Hitler
in the background.
That was really cool.
Yeah.
And of course, that's all set up.
That's not a real image that they got from newsreel footage.
They're lit the same.
And we saw like a bombed out church earlier.
That's a set.
That is something that that's not a real image.
No one went in with a newsreel camera and composed this really gorgeous image of like
a cross that's hanging over and like all this stuff.
But it has a real verite feel to it.
Yes, it does.
And because it's combined with all of this real footage already.
This gets thrown in there.
It also must be real.
And it's shot with similar cameras on similar stock.
Yes.
We have like these moving shots of the Cologne Cathedral.
Like it's all woven in people worshiping, people sitting at pews, prayer beads, all
very kind of maudlin imagery of of Catholic worship mostly.
And so, yeah, there's no reason to believe, oh, I'm just seeing a shot that they they had
to build, you know, a set out of pine and, you know, throw some bricks at a fake stained
glass window.
From watching this movie, you would think that the primary threat of the Third Reich was
to Christendom.
Yes.
But that's not true.
It was it was to Jewry, right?
Like that.
That was the whole point that, you know, alongside the project of Lebensraum, the other side of
that was exterminating as many Jews as possible.
They use quotes from some of the Hitler's inner circle who were these like esoteric pagan
Hitlerists.
There was potentially a long term goal for abolishing the church, but they found pretty quickly early
on in their political maneuvering that the church was a powerful ally.
Right.
So instead, yeah, the Nazi regime focused on supporting the church and working with the
church.
And of course, like the pope didn't fucking do anything.
There's a lot to get into with Italy's fascist history and like how and what how like the
Catholic church responded to it.
Yeah.
But it is interesting that that's also not really touched upon in these films made by
devout Catholic Frank Capra.
Yeah, because it's inconvenient.
Americans are Christian people.
So we're going to use in the same way that Germany is going to use the Christianity of
Germans.
Frank Capra is going to use the Christianity of Americans to say that this is a threat against
Christianity.
And I don't want to harp on the sort of Trump is Christian thing too much.
But the last piece that I do want to say about it is that I have noticed a common tendency
among a lot of, I don't know, call call them ex evangelical types.
Right.
The people who leave the evangelical Protestant church and go on to write books and make podcasts
and shit like that.
And the common critique that they level at Trumpists, evangelical Trumpists is, well, they're
not real Christians.
They don't understand what Christianity is really about.
And therefore, their project is simply one of white nationalism and not real Christianity.
And OK, sure.
That is a perfectly fine argument.
But the problem is that it doesn't matter.
There's no such thing as a real Christian in the same way that there's no such thing as a true
Scotsman.
Right.
It's like it's you're making that same mistake pointing to a group of people and saying they
are categorically doing it wrong.
But that doesn't change the fact that they're doing it.
You're not going to be able to debate them out of that, particularly because the church understands, as was the case in Nazi Germany, that aligning themselves with the governing force is going to get you way, way more of what you want than actually developing a spine and fighting against it.
Yeah.
It's not going to play well when you get when you get on the other side of it.
But churches have seemed to withstand that before.
So it's a gamble they're willing to make.
So, of course, what do we think of when we think of church?
Well, we think of those beautiful days, you know, singing, singing as choir boys, you know,
participating in the homeschool church marching band.
Our beautiful white choir boys.
We love we love VBS.
We love Sunday school.
The choir boys are so white and so bored.
Oh, yeah.
So you don't do close ups of the six year old choir boys because you're always going to get like ridiculous.
And they're singing onward Christian soldiers using singing in that like choir boy accent.
That's just like all open vowels.
And I hate it.
We get this long, almost totally wordless sequence.
There are a couple of title cards, but there's no narration of German children running military drills and Hitler salutes.
They're they're militarizing these kids and also not just German children, Japanese children, Italian children and what they're up to, which is which should be obscene to anyone who who is raising their own child in in the land of America where their kid can like go to a playground and things like that.
I mean, it's it is obscene is a great word for.
Yeah.
You know, this is just so vile.
Yeah.
To it's harrowing.
Put children in this.
And the thing I was immediately reminded of was that that USA Freedom kids that won Trump rally.
Where those little girls came came out and saying the weird modified version of George M.
Cohen's over there.
Yeah.
Mr. Donald Trump knows how to make America great.
Lead from strength or get crushed every time.
It doesn't fucking scan.
That guy didn't get paid.
That was so cool.
Stupid cunt.
And it goes on for a very long time, too.
Like, yeah, it's it's way to like how zippy this whole thing has been up until this point.
This drags and it makes you sit in it because it's like this is what's happening to innocent kids.
And, you know, transitions almost without you realizing all of a sudden you're seeing adults marching.
So it's kids marching and then adults marching in a big military pageant.
And you see little kids watching those adults march and waving at the parade and everything.
But again, because it's going so long, it's boring.
You're getting bored right now.
Right.
And sitting through a long fucking Nazi military pageant is boring as shit and fuck.
I went to a really interesting play a couple of weeks ago at BAM called Caterina and the Beauty of Killing Fascists.
This is a Portuguese play.
It was performed in Portuguese with open captioned English translations.
Incredible play.
Incredible, incredible play.
If you have the opportunity to see it, I highly recommend it.
They've been touring it for a very long time.
What happens at the end of the play is that you have this fascist character, the titular fascist who they want to kill.
Yeah.
And spoiler alert for the end of the play.
He doesn't die.
Instead, he just comes out, stands right downstage in the middle of the stage and just starts talking.
And he keeps talking.
And you just hear all of this fascist rhetoric about how, you know, make Portugal for real Portuguese again.
And, you know, get rid of these people who are invading and crowding our country and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And he just keeps talking.
And he talks for, I want to say, 20 minutes.
Jesus.
Wow.
And you just have to either sit there and listen to him.
Or leave.
Try to boo him.
Yeah.
If you try to go up on stage to stop him, they actually bring out a couple guys who are costumed as guards.
They will physically block you from getting up on stage.
A much more, I think, theatrical application of the same technique.
Like, just forcing you to fucking watch it and sit with it.
And what this does instead is, of course, because, yeah, you don't have that participatory element.
You don't have a person in a room with you.
And it's not.
It's a training video.
It doesn't have time to spend 20 minutes on all this shit.
It cuts to these close-ups of people in the crowd.
You know, the kids were waving earlier, but now everyone looks bored and sad.
And so it's like, here's the march.
Here's the big music.
Here's the pageant.
The uniform.
You know, everything.
You know, you can imagine all the colors and the streamers and the fireworks and everything.
And everyone just kind of wants to go home.
Unlike American parades, which are fun and people have fun at till the end of the parade.
And nobody ever wants to go home early from an American parade.
Despite it being the most boring activity.
Excuse me.
You could ever do.
He's so big.
I will say, look, that I saw this year's Goku.
Yeah.
And there have been Gokus at various Macy's parades.
This year's Goku was pretty good.
This year's Goku was great.
I love that Goku.
Goku was really worn out last year.
He looks pretty busted.
Yeah.
I wonder if it's for the new series that's coming out.
Maybe they made a new balloon for that.
Inflated Goku.
Yeah.
Anyway, thank you to the like 30 people who sent us that Goku.
Yeah.
Well, and speaking of American parades and the world of light and the way that we are so
different from them, this documentary is going to cut back over to the world of light.
But we are going to take our break.
So we're going to come back and see what Frank Capra's pre-Goku America looks like in just
a few minutes.
This week's radio program is brought to you by Too Big Roosevelt.
Wait, what does that mean?
What is Too Big Roosevelt?
Oh!
Oh!
The only thing we have too big is big itself.
Too Big Roosevelt.
So we're looking at the world now.
The liberal order of the early 20th century and the history of America, but also the broader
history of the planet after World War I.
And the treaties that we made in the hopes that war would just stop happening forever.
And so they play this film strip of people getting interviewed about their opinion.
It's just a man on the street interview of people saying, you know, should we get involved
in the war or not?
Another war?
Not for me.
This time America should keep out and I know I will.
If war breaks out in Europe, I think that this country should heed the advice of its first
president and avoid all foreign entanglements.
I haven't the slightest idea of European affairs.
In the event of war in Europe, I think we should stay out of it entirely.
And all our efforts have been made to keep out of the fight.
But Europe fight our own battles.
They mean nothing to us.
We should mind our own business.
By all means, no.
Yes, fight.
No.
No.
Yes.
If my country calls, yes.
No.
And then she shuts her window behind her.
I cannot believe that people actually used to talk about this.
It's incredible.
I don't know nothing about nobody.
If I see a bed sheet, I think it's a ghost.
If I see two bed sheets, I think that's two ghosts.
But if I see three bed sheets, well, let me tell you, mister, that's a three ghost problem
and I'll be having none of it.
Yeah.
American involvement in World War I was pretty reluctant in the first place, even after the
sinking of the Lusitania.
That's usually when we're told we got involved in World War I.
But for the most part, no, actually, it took us a little while longer.
Well, and that was, I mean, that was the policy of Woodrow Wilson.
Like he was a strict isolationist.
He ran on that for his re-election, even.
Yeah.
World War I, you know, America got pulled into the game pretty late.
And the end result of that was the Treaty of Versailles.
And the optimism about that was that we've figured it out.
Yeah.
War is a thing that we needed to do up until this point to settle conflicts.
But that's not going to happen anymore.
We've got our shiny new League of Nations.
We've got our principles and like promises and guarantees in the Treaty of Versailles.
And that also, of course, means that America is no longer going to have to get involved
in a war in Europe because war is not going to happen.
Right.
And and even if it does happen, that's not our fucking business anymore.
We didn't want to get involved in that war.
It sucked shit.
We learned nothing.
We maybe got this like this cool new thing, the League of Nations, which gave America maybe
a little too much influence.
Europeans want to keep killing each other.
They can keep killing each other like a good portion of our country left in their lifetimes
to live here instead.
And we don't want to fucking deal with that stupid bullshit.
No, we want to kill the people who live here.
Right.
We want to do that in a very orderly fashion without any declarations.
It's perfectly logical.
It makes absolute sense.
There are fascist organizations like America first at this time.
But it's also just like, yeah, it's not my business.
It's not anyone's business to get involved in a war that they're not a part of.
I totally understand that perspective.
And for the most part, this was the overriding American perspective.
Although, as we see in this movie, once ideas of like the Americas as an isolated continent
or set of continents starts to erode, then we start ramping up.
But like countries, including our own, pulled back our military capacity.
We only had a handful of soldiers and the film even shows them training with like toy guns
and trucks that they just paint tank on the side of.
Was that shit real?
Yeah.
Like the fucking flower bombs and all that?
Yeah, we weren't bothering to like waste money on munitions for war games.
We were just going to train people on shit that didn't actually fire.
And so like to get involved in the war, you can see that it wasn't just totally sudden,
that it was just Pearl Harbor and then there we go.
But like we had to step up production for a number of years and then it was like open
the floodgates.
Yeah, it is fascinating that like there was a time in this country's history where we
weren't trying to increase our military power, that we were actively, in fact, decreasing
it.
That that was a wild revelation to me from watching this.
Well, I mean, you have to think about it in the context of the Great Depression, too.
We've got a lot of shit going on.
We need to supercharge domestic production at home.
And by spinning up that industrial production through things like the WPA, you know, building
the highways, building the fucking Hoover Dam, all that.
That is how we will get the jobs that we need, as well as create something tangible that we
can use to further advance our own domestic product.
Yeah.
We built a glorious nation off of the ashes of our own failure, failure in the form of
the stock market crash, failure in the form of prohibition, failure in the form of the
tariff act.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
And why would we spoil that by taking this prospect in the same way?
Like if he was making this propaganda film in 1931, it was anti interventionist.
Like it would be like, yeah, this is part of our liberal ideal is that we can live a life
of peace even if the rest of the world is at war.
Absolutely.
We can have our individuality and our prosperity, because if you join the army, you lose your
individuality.
You can even use the language that is like in the preamble to the Constitution, the shit
about like, why are we establishing this document?
It's for our own protection.
We want to take care of our own shit.
That's it.
Capra, it's very interesting that he also takes sort of a similar sympathetic approach
to like the mass populace for wanting to be isolationist.
Right.
There is sort of that working class like thing working through Capra where he's like, yeah,
as if you don't know what's going on, of course, this is what you would think.
Sure.
But by showing you this overwhelming evidence, I'm going to convince you, person who is on
the fence, that this is a war worth fighting, not just for the good of the world, but for
the good of you in particular as an American.
I think that's a really good point.
Like it does make these ideological appeals to the liberal ideal, but it doesn't get bogged
down in it in the same way that with I think a lot of American liberalism, you have these
ideas of like, well, we just need to protect the soul of our democracy.
It's like, what the fuck does that mean?
Yeah.
And there's no shame either.
It's like, right.
It's almost as if Capra is like, look, I didn't know either about all of this shit.
I've been watching this in the ward department, but you will come to the same conclusion.
I am so confident you will come to the same conclusion I did once you see it.
Yeah.
Because he starts showing you a bunch of dead children on that screen.
Yeah.
And I have to say after, you know, more than a year of seeing dead children, I'm if anything
more sensitive to it.
Absolutely.
I mean, this is again, this wasn't initially planned for a wide audience.
It was for the armed forces and it's, it's not, it's, it's fucked.
It's really graphic imagery.
And he's, yeah, he's showing just the point by point of like, this is how we believe things.
And he drives this home even more in part seven, why we approach things the way that
we did.
But now we need to understand the war didn't start in December.
The war didn't start in 1939.
It actually started in 1931.
You can say to yourself as a soldier watching this film and they, they use the rhetorical
question in the film.
Why should I care about a mud hut in Ethiopia?
Why should I care about a mud hut in China?
It's remarkable the way that it humanizes these people too, because that is generally
not a strength of American propaganda to humanize non-Americans.
It plays both.
It plays both prongs, which is like, it's because this is, this is the tool of expansion where
they can get raw materials and come to us and attack our own nation.
And because these people deserve to live as well.
Like they have a rich history, a rich culture.
They have their own armies.
They have their own families just like yours.
But yeah, we, we have our, our choir boys, our non-militarized kids.
Our white, white, white, non-militarized kids.
We have our books, they show Nazi book burnings and they show not only books getting burned,
but like musical scores getting burned, which I thought was interesting.
They burned tales of Hoffman.
We again show like this sequence of the militarized kids of kids putting on gas masks and running
drills and digging box holes.
And now it's getting cross cut with American children playing on the playground.
Yep.
Throwing rocks in a crick, roller skating, homework.
Raising funds for Japanese children who have been impacted by earthquakes.
This is a thing that happened.
There was a big earthquake in Japan and they have all these kids coming out of church,
dropping a penny or a nickel into a little box to raise funds for this disaster to drive
home.
The, they stabbed us in the back.
Right.
After all that, even your children gave their bubble gum money to the, that fucking country.
And they bombed Hawaii.
And he shows kids painting pictures of like, this is what my house looks like.
And he makes this very pointed gesture, which is one kid is painting the suburbs and another
kid is painting a tenement.
Hmm.
You know, you have the, the clothes hanging on the wire between buildings in urban New York.
Like this is for all of us, for all of our kids, because you're coming from the Bronx.
You're coming from Wichita.
You're coming from bumfuck South Dakota.
Right.
Then they do this like run where we see all the faces of the members of the master race
who are all ugly motherfuckers.
This is classic.
I do it myself.
It's so good.
It's like, look at these guys saying that they're the pinnacle of society and, and they're,
they don't look good.
Well, they do another little bit of body shaming that they do is they show ambassador
Curusu, who was at this point, kind of a celebrity in terms of like political heels, not a name
that people are familiar with now, but back then, because he was the ambassador during the
Pearl Harbor attack and because of the infamous actions that he takes, he's very well known.
And they even make this wry little joke about him smiling his way into our hearts in December
of 1941.
And they show you a footage of the tripartite pact getting signed.
From here, it's just, it's point by point.
Military history.
Here are the axis takeovers.
We go to Ethiopia.
Those takeovers, by the way, just one line that really jumped out at me was it was inevitable
that these countries should gang up on us.
Like this is something, again, that is core to their being in the same way that Curusu himself
was one specific example of a horrible backstabber.
So too are these countries writ large.
I mean, remember we got bombed at Pearl Harbor.
We declared war on Japan.
And then like two weeks later, Hitler also declared war on us.
He didn't have to do that.
And even in the German inner circle, they're not entirely sure why he did that.
So you're telling me that we don't have to hand it to Hitler?
He was like, well, they're doing it.
We should do it too.
It's because he had a fucking baby brain.
Yeah.
That's why.
He was on UF.
I don't know.
I just think it will be very fun to maybe just declare war on America for just a little
fancies.
Okay, Dr. Strangelove.
Yeah.
So we have these Disney animated sequences of the maps getting all taken over.
We have this depiction of Italian programs for giving awards to women who give birth to
the most children.
They have this image of assembly line children of all these babies laid out on a table.
I don't even know what this image is from necessarily.
I have never seen that many babies in one place in my life.
And this was a point of fascination for America.
We have movies about these like fertility in part because the movies could be themselves
kind of titillating, right?
The use of women as broodmares or at least hopefully being used that way, like in Dr.
Strangelove, like what they were doing in Norway in Germany, right?
There are children that were produced as part of a breed the best Aryan program, essentially.
Well, and I looked into this a little bit too because there's a point where they put a
quote on the screen and they don't narrate it.
They make you read it.
And the quote is, round up a thousand German girls, isolate them in a camp, then let them
be joined by a hundred German men.
If a hundred such camps were set up, you would have 100,000 thoroughbred children in one stroke.
It's interesting that each man gets 10 women.
This is a quote by a guy named Wilbold Henschel, who actually was developing this theory well
before the Nazis took over.
Yeah.
And it just sort of was one of those many things that got incorporated into the project.
Again, if you're starting a homestead, you have to have a lot of kids.
And you see that in the modern day sort of trad LARP homeschool homestead movement, because
we don't have a frontier anymore.
So like, where are you going to build your homestead?
But you've got to have a lot of kids to be able to populate it in order to because we're
planning on eradicating all of the Slavs from Prague to Vladivostok.
Like we have to have people that fill that land.
If you're taking over a territory and deciding that you're going to eradicate every member
of the ethnicity that is not the country from your core, then you have to encourage breeding
programs like in Israel.
The American Quiverfull movement.
The other big thing, too, is that the Reich's whole plan with Scandinavia.
That was the purpose.
That was one of the big prongs of it was to get Scandinavian women to breed Aryan children.
And we see them building up this massive military force.
We see the takeovers of China and Ethiopia.
And again, driving home that this war started in 1931.
Right.
The Chinese are the first victims of all of this.
Then it's the Ethiopians and then it's everybody else.
I also thought it was interesting, the big hero shots of the flag of the Republic of
China, which you might now know is the Taiwanese flag.
They weren't ever going to show, you know, the red stars, obviously.
No, no.
Or any of the other factions, because China was in a state of chaos at this point.
A full civil war.
Right.
Right.
And the communists actually ended up being pretty helpful to the Soviets at one point of
the war.
But you're not going to mention those things because once again, socialism makes this narrative
a little bit too simple.
It's not as straightforward as this plays it up to be where you've got the good liberals
versus the bad fascists.
You also have the socialists who I will say won the war.
Yeah.
Well, and even like talking about Ethiopia, Ethiopia is just such an interesting thing to bring in.
We don't talk about Africa when we talk about World War Two today.
No.
My grandpa fought in Africa.
Oh, shit.
And it's still like it's not a big part of the narrative.
However, it gives us Haile Selassie at the League of Nations who, yeah, he's not running
a communist country.
He's not running a liberal country or a fascist country.
That's a totally different thing.
But Selassie comes to the League of Nations and says, if this is the beginning of something
much bigger and if you do nothing about it, the West is doomed.
Yep.
And it's interesting to hear that narrative of the West is doomed because it's doomed by the
West.
And it's a true narrative.
The Nazis, the fascists were the great threat to Western civilization.
And the person who could call it out first was Haile Selassie of Ethiopia.
So this brings us to the U.S.
attitude towards the world.
What is our perspective as Americans to the rest of this planet who we do in fact owe something
too, but we are so detached from at the same time?
But we were still hypnotized by the fact that two broad oceans stood between us and the rest
of the world.
We didn't realize that the time when months were needed to span these oceans was ended,
that the steamship had cut these months to days, and that now the whole Earth's surface
could be covered in the space of ours.
Yes, we were a nation that wanted peace.
But we hadn't yet learned that peace for us depends on peace for all.
Nobody would run the risk of war because of some mud huts and barren plains in Ethiopia any
more than we would run the risk for some similar huts and plains in Manchuria.
Not mud up.
Directly interpreting our attitude, the aggressors were all the sure that they could get what
they wanted.
They're creating a globe-bestriding pincer that will then squeeze North and South America.
And before you know it, we'll all be speaking Germano-Japanese.
Where was the why we fight for COVID?
Well, that's the thing.
We didn't have the mobilization of those kinds of resources anymore.
The way that this was so all-encompassing in the United States goes against, really,
I think, the basic American value that exists today.
We would never utilize state resources in this fashion, in the WPA fashion, right?
Sure.
This was over at the end of the 40s.
Yes and no.
You can certainly point to other examples of U.S. government propaganda that were directly
distributed by departments of state and defense.
They're called Marvel movies.
Well, that's the thing.
That's different, though.
Right.
This is a public domain film built entirely from the ground up by the War Department.
The music is being played by the Marine Band.
Right.
Sure.
Like, this is 100% a product of the military with exquisite resources being put into it
with the top talent that Hollywood had to offer.
The way that we structure propaganda today is in the form of a public-private partnership.
Right.
Whether that's coming to you through, yeah, Marvel movies or CNN or the New York Times
or whatever.
Right.
And sometimes it's very explicitly funded and backed.
In other cases, it's a matter of putting the right bug in the right person's ear and
they write a story for you.
But it's less overt.
Yeah.
With the War Act, we changed.
We were drafting people before we were in the war.
Right.
And they talk about this in Part 7.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
We changed the way that we did the laws.
And today, you could not shut down American factories and say, OK, you can't keep building
TVs.
Well, not that we're necessarily building a lot of TVs in the United States, but now you
have to build munitions.
That's not going to happen.
We're just going to give a big contract to Boeing, Lockheed Martin, whatever.
We don't really face the threat of a ground invasion of the United States.
The most we've ever gotten since, you know, 1812 was, you know, a base in Hawaii getting
bombed once.
We're not going to have the mobilization of resources or of people.
We're not going to have a standing army that size.
Also, we have the bomb.
Right.
Right.
We have nuclear weapons.
And so we don't have even the lingering infrastructure that you would have from a war to handle
something like a pandemic.
And in post-World War Two, there was a lot more reticence to put that amount of control
into the executive.
Right.
FDR was a tyrant.
I mean, he kind of was like like you say that jokingly.
But like, I believe that in a situation like that, it requires a strong central executive.
And that was obviously why they passed the what?
22nd Amendment.
Right.
The one that rolled back term limits and stuff like that.
R.I.P.
22nd Amendment.
I mean, right.
They saw all of the power that could be vested in one person and how that could also be used
for ill.
Yeah.
And if you end up having this happen with somebody who's a really, really bad guy, it
could get much worse.
Yeah.
Now, thankfully, that's not going to happen.
Thankfully, we have a system of laws and norms.
So it's not going to happen.
Don't worry about it.
Let's talk about part seven.
There have been all these other films.
They go through each each step of the war.
Basically, everything that's been done before the U.S. got involved.
Here is exactly how our enemy operates.
Here's what their tactics are.
Here's what they have done in the region.
Here's what they occupy.
And here's what the resistance looks like.
Here's what our allies in England, in China, in the Soviet Union, in France look like.
Part seven is finally war comes to America.
As far as the release date, I'm not entirely sure of this.
One thing that I found said it came out in 1945.
I'm not entirely certain if it came out before or after VE Day.
It kind of sounds like it came out after VE Day, but was mostly finished before it happened.
But the thing that's worth noting here is that it was not released in 1941.
Yes.
This was after the war had been underway for a long, long time.
And the allies were now refocusing their campaign toward Japan.
This is definitely a film that is wrapped up by the time that at the very least we know where Europe is going to go.
Right.
And so it's mostly about the Pacific.
And it's mostly when it's talking about the war is talking about the war as it's going on.
There is footage from June 6, 1944.
You can see American soldiers getting shot and killed for real on the beach at Normandy.
That was crazy.
Yeah, wild.
And it is funny watching that and then watching something like Saving Private Ryan where Spielberg really did like recreate a lot of this footage.
We start this footage of children doing the Pledge of Allegiance.
This one's so much more like unbearable than the first.
The first one is so invigorating and interesting.
And this one is treacly.
And yeah, we have these kids doing the Pledge of Allegiance.
But I think that also points to the shift in mentality between 1941 and 1945.
Yeah.
Right.
I mean, at this point, people were fully on board and we were starting to see that kind of really annoying over the top patriotism, which would become a defining feature of American life in the 20th century.
Yeah.
Also, one of those kids has no idea where his heart is.
He is fully has his elbow to the sky and is like kind of going at it from a weird.
It's very funny.
Yeah.
I mean, and of course, this is very different from children doing a Hitler salute or children shouting bonsai or anything like that.
This is our good classic.
No, don't look up Francis Bellamy, the author of the Pledge of Allegiance.
He thought the salute should be.
Don't look it up.
Stop Googling.
Oh, oh.
Stop it.
So now we get like a portrait of who American soldiers are, where they are currently fighting.
It draws a lot of attention to places that we don't talk a lot about today, like New Guinea and Iran.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Men are coming from everywhere in the country.
We get this long sequence of looking at the Great Plains and the cattle ranches of the Southwest.
Yeah.
And all those soda jerks who are fighting on the front lines.
All the famous soda jerks from the from soda jerk country who harvest all the jerkers.
The Middle West is what they call it.
The Middle West.
I also thought it was interesting how they carried this through then to like the biography of America itself.
And I was honestly kind of floored that they started in 1607 at Jamestown.
Yeah, they do Jamestown.
They do Plymouth.
They say that they were settling a virgin continent.
Yep.
Uh huh.
Sure.
Nobody was there.
No, this continent was a huge slut.
Jesus Christ.
I love that Capra falls into the video essayist like hole of just like we must start at the dawn of time.
Webster's Dictionary defines the United States as.
Because what this is in describing war coming to America, it is describing America.
It is giving you a biography from birth until today.
Today being somewhere in the 1940s.
And essentially the pinnacle of America and the pinnacle of American power, although we don't quite realize it yet.
Because he doesn't know that the nukes exist and he doesn't know that the occupations will be ongoing after the war.
The way that he tells the story of America getting built is through these match cuts of a camera tilting up a big great tree and cutting from that to a big great pillar and then back to another big great tree and then to a big great northern church and then to a big great southern church.
Right. We are making buildings happen almost almost as if they are growing out of the soil and we are growing out of the soil.
The nation of America is a natural concept.
Right. It is something that emerges from the founders obsession with natural law, but is also just something that exists as a process rather than as something created by people.
And it sprouts up again from virgin land.
There was nobody there before.
Just virgins.
Millions of them.
You're really annoying.
They couldn't stop talking about anime.
And 1775 is represented again through nature.
It is a thunderstorm.
It's not a war.
It's not people shooting at each other.
No, it is simply the natural disaster that causes the revolution.
And this leads to the Declaration of Independence, you know, really doubling down on the idea of all men are created equal.
They really, really want you to remember that point.
I just love that this is framed in the same way that Dracula's castle would be.
The Constitution.
OK.
Cool.
I'm terrified and or the narration talks about it being a country that is led by all the people, not the rich, not the poor, like a communist country.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Yeah.
The people, all the people from the very beginning.
Don't look up when they could actually finally vote.
But then we get our requisite liberty bell shot at seven minutes.
That same fucking footage, that same fucking bell.
Then we get the the frontier, the westward expansion.
Oh, how wonderful.
Look at all of these 50 states forming each one with a little star in them.
Like it's being stamped out on the map with ink, not black ink and not stamped out like things are going to get stamped out later.
Just this nice little image of new little stars forming across the map.
Everyone's doing great.
We're having a fun time.
Don't look up what happened in Oklahoma.
It was nice.
It was clean.
So we have now again, no, no mention of Native Americans, but they're going to do this mention of all of the immigrants that come to the country.
As we talked about before, all of the industries that they're involved in, all the places where they settled.
We get shout outs to all of our ethnicities.
Woohoo.
We got Slavs.
We got Swedes, Danes, Dutch.
They weren't specific enough in the ethnicities.
Like I wanted to hear.
We're in Frisians.
I wanted to shout out to a Hollanders and to the Frisians.
Yeah.
This is the land of the Frisians and the home of the Bravens.
And just about everything that is showing the cross section of America does include black people in this film.
Mm hmm.
Frank Capra in one of his training films made another one called The Negro Soldier in World War Two.
This was a decision by the War Department.
They wanted to make the black soldiers who were segregated feel like they were involved in a unified effort.
But I'm sure that the thing itself was produced, promoted and seen also in a totally segregated way.
Yeah.
Oh, in a segregated way, but an interesting way, because when they made the film, they wanted it to play to a black audience.
Right.
And they got Capra to go to a screening in D.C. with basically every big luminary that they could get from the black press.
Anyone who was working for a black newspaper, critics, editors, journalists, whatever, they wanted them to come see the film and report on it.
And also, I think it was also like a consulting thing, right, to see if the reaction was positive.
And then if it was negative, they put it back in the oven and figure it out.
The response from the black press was nothing short of like bewildered praise.
Huh.
Like people expecting to see something kind of awful and condescending and seeing something that instead showed black people as black people living in the United States in the 1940s.
I mean, I guess that doesn't really surprise me, given that this work.
I mean, again, the only mention it explicitly makes of black people is is not great, obviously.
And because this is something that is focused and marketed to white people.
That's just not going to be the focus.
But you can tell the way that he is, I guess, interested in the way that different people from different backgrounds live and work.
Yeah, this is very Capricorn.
This is very Capra optimism about America.
A lot of the footage that is in here of black people was stuff that he already filmed for the Negro soldier.
OK.
The film was even another one that was given wide release in the United States for free.
Theaters could just order the film and it would be sent to them at no charge.
They actually believe that this was going to be a major effort beyond simply the war effort, but in terms of like a greater social good.
This is also where we bring in the George Gershwin.
Oh, there's so much Gershwin.
There's Rhapsody in Blue.
There's Fascinate in Rhythm.
And that's part of our montage of modern industry and inventions.
And we've got the Chrysler building.
Then we get a very brief reference to the Civil War.
A camera just sort of drives by Arlington Cemetery while we hear the Stephen Foster song, My Old Kentucky Home.
That's it.
So more Gershwin, more inventions.
Hey.
Whoa, ether.
Then we get this long section about American leisure, as we mentioned before.
In the last war, 20% of all the men in the armed forces had been to high school or college.
In this war, 63%.
We're a great two weeks vacation people.
Two weeks vacation people.
We hunt and we fish.
Up north, down south, back east, out west.
Hey, there they are.
All four directions.
We're a sports loving people.
We sure are.
And then it just does a big montage of sports.
Some of those sports look made up like one is just bothering a frog.
I loved that bit about education of Americans, right?
World War I, 20% of Americans had even been inside of a high school.
And then World War II, 63% of Americans had been inside of a high school, but not necessarily
graduated.
That is nuts.
Well, and I mean, again, it's a consequence of material conditions where there was so
much wealth once the war ended that we were able to do the GI Bill, send all these people
back to school and build the bedrock of the American economy, at least if you were white
in the middle of the 20th century.
One of the things that jumped out at me about this is that there was a statement in here that felt
like sort of one of the, I don't know, signature statements of the ideology of this movie.
Basically just a summary of like, what is the American?
And you might even say, why we fight.
But in spite of everything, we never lose our faith in the future.
We believe in the future.
We build for the future.
Yes, we build for the future.
And the future always catches up to us.
Before we're done building, we've developed something new and have to start rebuilding.
That's roughly the kind of people we are.
Boastful, easygoing, sentimental, but underneath passionately dedicated to the ideal our forefathers
passed on to us, the liberty and dignity of man.
We've made great material progress, but spiritually we're still in the frontier days.
Yet deep down within us, there is a great yearning for peace and goodwill toward men.
Somehow we feel that if men turn their minds toward the fields of peace, as they have toward
the fields of transportation, communication, or aviation, wars would soon be as old-fashioned
as the horse and buggy days.
We hate war.
We know that in war, it's the common man who does the pain, the suffering, the dying.
We bend over backwards to avoid it.
But let our freedoms be endangered, and we'll pay and suffer and fight to the last man.
That is the America.
That is the way of living for which we fight today.
What strikes me about this is that this is an early stab, I think, at shaping or attempting
to shape the narrative around what America is going to be after the war.
Yeah.
And a lot of the components of this narrative are things that did, in fact, carry through
the 20th century, particularly optimism for the future as a matter of national pride and
technological progression as a moral imperative.
And I feel like right now, where we stand right here in the year of our Lord 2024, technological
progression has reached what seems to be about as far as it can go in terms of things that
actually benefit people.
And now it's folding over on itself.
Exactly.
And the climate is falling apart.
And that optimism for the future is no longer a reasonable position to hold.
Yeah.
So what do you even do with the narrative?
Unless you're in tech.
No, not if you're in tech.
That's the thing.
Tech is also falling apart.
Yeah, they don't have a one.
But that's what they believe.
They still have that, like, determination of the future.
They still have that faith that AI is going to save everything.
But that's the thing is, like, they see it as like a salvation.
They don't see, like, the forward momentum.
We're just going to keep getting better.
But rather, we are on the precipice about to become destroyed, perhaps.
And we have to say, you know, our white birth rates have to be saved through getting an AI
girlfriend.
That doesn't make any fucking sense.
We have to colonize Mars and make new slave societies on other planets so we can continue
to expand as the Earth succumbs to global warming.
They are seeking an honest to goodness deus ex machina.
That's their only hope that they have left.
This optimistic America is built upon a base, right?
There is this future being projected, but it's also because we have the industry.
We have the leisure.
We have the education.
And we have the sloppiest, most disgusting food you could ever see.
This is all part of it.
I couldn't even tell what half of it was.
It's all like a self-critique, right?
That mention of our love of peace.
It's kind of a misguided love of peace in this instance.
It is critique of America.
And here we have this really self-deprecating montage of our horrible, shitty foods, including
an early mention of the cheeseburger, which was a very Californian thing at the time.
And we love hearing commercials on the radio.
They show everyone carrying their radio, listening to the radio, being dependent on the radio,
and it's always just playing ads the whole time instead of songs.
Right.
And it's in every room of your house, right?
You'd think this would be a great time to play some Gershwin over that radio.
We've been playing it this whole fucking time.
But instead, we've got to go over to Europe and to a, quote, funny little man called Hitler.
Yeah.
Because we're looking at America in 1933, and we don't really know all that much about what's
going on in Germany, or at least we're staying inoculated from it.
Right.
And we get Nazi pageantry, more propaganda, newsreel footage, fireworks.
They do a star wipe, but the star is a swastika.
We have clips of people going and seeing Confessions of a Nazi Spy in the theater, directed by Anatoly
Litvak.
And further self-critique, even perhaps condemnation of American foreign policy, our policy of trading
with Japan because they didn't declare war, right?
They just started attacking shit and destroying shit.
So we kept trading with them.
And our isolationism in service of peace only went so far because we still had raw materials
to trade.
So we wouldn't trade munitions, but we did have the cash and carry program, which was
kind of like Pontius Pilate washing his hands.
Yeah.
Oh, you want to buy oil and steel and stuff?
Sure.
You bring your boat.
You pick it up.
You pay, literally pay us cash because we were also becoming the world currency and we
couldn't cut off Japan because then they might get upset and start a war with us.
So we just got to keep going.
Damn.
I think structurally what Capra here does here is also very interesting in that he links
it with personal events in your life while you were having your first date.
Mussolini was invading Ethiopia and he realizes that that is probably the best tactic to
appeal to American individualism to be like, while this thing has not existed outside of
your realm, it is intrinsically connected to every major event in your life and will
continue to do so unless we fucking stop it.
Well, and I think it helps, too, because regardless of what age you are, you can then make the link
and be like, oh, at this point I was here.
I was this many years old.
I remember what that thing was.
And we get this great shot of the statue of Abraham Lincoln at the memorial sitting in
his big chair.
A guy comes in and smashes the whole screen with the butt of his rifle.
It's like a shot out of fucking Darkman.
And we're recapping at this point and repeating the big points in all the previous films.
Here's everything that's been going on with the war.
Here's how Germany took over.
Here's all these big stamps falling on France.
Oh, look at that.
In the same way that we populated the West with a little star for each state.
Now we have a little swastika for each country getting taken over or a little rising sun in
Asia.
And these were the Disney animations.
These are Disney animations.
And it's so interesting how they talk about each country.
They talk about Albania getting taken over as the axis is growing and growing and growing.
But sometimes you just see a map and you see that Finland is also painted dark and they
never bring up Finland.
I wonder why.
I wonder.
Oh, they weren't invaded by the Germans.
They were.
Oh, it's an interesting, uncomfortable relationship that America maintained with Finland.
The UK declared war on Finland.
Oh, they were actively at war.
The UK ran a couple of just really awful bombing runs over and by awful, I mean, unsuccessful.
Well, they tried to hit the lake, but it turns out the lake was an ocean.
So, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The bombs just got lost down there.
Yeah, yeah.
I thought I was flying in a in a circle.
But it turns out.
Oh, no.
Spiral.
Shit.
Spiral.
Yeah.
But the US, I think, was already kind of shoring up its resources against what was going
to be the next fight.
Right.
Which was going to be with the Soviet Union.
This is where it starts to get a bit prosaic when they're recapping point by point by point.
It's a clip show.
Pretty much.
But I will say I was really compelled by the way they portray the surrender of France.
Yeah.
It's such a tragedy.
We're listening to the song The Last Time I Saw Paris and we see we see some obvious
imagery.
We see the raising of that flag again.
Yeah.
We see a cackling Nazi soldier.
We see Hitler arriving in a train that's festooned with flowers and swastikas.
But we also just see stuff that you wouldn't necessarily think of, which is just the roads
are all empty because everyone is locked down by the Germans.
Right.
You just.
And so you see like a lone kraut vehicle like driving down this totally open road.
Yeah.
This is a great, very emotional sequence that I think does pay off in the way the like
treacly stuff of children singing onward.
Christian soldier does not.
Hey, I hope you like graphs.
There's a lot of graphs in this section.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Really, the whole point here of all of this is to compel you to an understanding of once
again, why it is necessary that we finish the fight.
Yeah.
Like, why do we have to go and bring the fight to Japan right now?
And the reason is that if we don't do it, they're going to be able to just squeeze in
on the Americas.
Yeah.
From both sides.
And so what they explain here is that because all of these European countries have been taken
over, some of these European countries have territory in the Western hemisphere.
And what does that mean?
And what did we do historically to respond to it?
Countries conquered by the Nazis had possessions outside of Europe.
Some of these possessions are in America.
Would the Nazis demand the French naval units of Martinique?
Would the Nazis move into the Dutch oil fields at Curacao?
Would the Nazis seize the French naval base at Dakar for invasion of South America?
Already in Brazil, there were over one million Germans who lived exactly as they did in Germany.
1,200 German schools with Nazi textbooks and Nazi teachers.
Nazi newspapers.
Hermann-Gering glider clubs had been established.
Also in Brazil, there were 260,000 Japanese taking orders from Japan.
In Ecuador, within easy bombing range of the Panama Canal, German airlines had been established.
German pilots were reserve officers of the Luftwaffe.
The German transport planes had bomb racks already built in.
In Argentina, German athletic clubs, similar to the Hitler Youth Movement, had been organized
exclusively for Germans.
Here was a fifth column ready to take over.
Notice the very brief mention of the Japanese because they're like, Japanese people lived there.
There weren't like Hirohito flying societies.
They show these crowds jumping in these little gliders with Nazi insignias.
Oh yeah, we just love Hermann-Gering so fucking much here in Argentina or whatever.
Nazis are such fucking losers.
They're stupid gay little clubs.
I hate them.
What we did was we closed off the Americas.
These colonial territories, well, they're not anymore.
They're American territories.
And this is also like Monroe Doctrine shit, right?
Like it's ours, motherfucker.
And Japanese citizens all throughout Latin America were deported to the United States to
be interned in Santa Fe and Texas.
That's part of the issue of legal recourse for so many Japanese interned in the U.S.
because they weren't American.
They were Peruvian.
They were Brazilian.
And that's a couple thousand people who were then in this like limbo of status afterwards.
But it's just interesting to sort of contrast the techniques that were used for people of
Japanese ethnicity in these countries as compared to how German ethnics were treated.
Again, in this, none of that can come up.
It can just be they are a threat.
They need to be dealt with.
And this takes us right through then to the actual attack on Pearl Harbor.
Yep.
Yes.
We finally reached it, everyone.
The attack on Pearl Harbor.
Because they focus in this film on Kurisu, who smiled his way into our hearts on December
7th, 1941.
Coming after signing the tripartite pact, he comes to America in November, 1941.
To go on this last diplomatic mission that essentially just serves as a cover for the mobilization
of boats and planes in the Pacific towards Hawaii.
You want to learn more about that?
Watch Michael Bay's Pearl Harbor.
Yeah, Dan Aykroyd called it, man.
And so the Kurisu side of things in like the more historical movie, Tora, Tora, Tora, doesn't
get this much attention because that movie is not looking at, you know, the month leading
up to the attack.
But he is a linchpin in all of this.
So they're giving us a timetable of each day as Kurisu comes to America, issues a bunch
of statements that are basically the things that he's said before.
And then the U.S.
State Department has its own, let's say, Pacific overtures for Kurisu that are, you know, just
going to get thrown in the trash as we don't quite realize yet.
And Kurisu just kind of has to stall for a while and be like, oh, yeah, this will get
back to you.
This will get back to you.
This will get back to you until the day of December 7th when he has a scheduled meeting
with the White House.
And then we get this timetable of the day itself.
1 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time.
The Japanese emissaries are expected at the State Department to keep a one o'clock appointment
they had requested in order to present their answers to our proposals.
1 5 p.m.
The Japanese planes are approaching Hawaii.
And you see all these shots of Honolulu with just that buzz of the plane.
Japanese emissaries telephoned to postpone their appointment until 1 45.
1 20 p.m.
There we go.
I've cut this down.
It's a very long sequence just showing black smoke bombs.
2 p.m.
The Japanese envoys, smiling and correct, arrive at the State Department.
2 20 p.m.
And again, some of this footage is Japanese.
They have pictures of pilots getting into their planes of, you know, looking at the survey
equipment of dropping the bombs themselves.
And then, you know, and that's footage from other things entirely being intercut with the
real newsreel footage of Pearl Harbor being attacked.
It's interesting because, of course, the future retellings of Pearl Harbor are two sided retellings.
We're always getting the Japanese perspective from the documents that we were able to get a hold of.
Here, this is still a one sided perspective.
It shows Japanese footage or whatever.
Right.
But it's all being told from an American perspective of what we can ascertain from the attack on Pearl
Harbor.
We're probably pretty accurately capturing the experience of how it felt in that moment, much
like 9-11, where now we know everything that happened, although for some reason, we're still
not willing to blame the Saudis.
Oh, for some reason.
Who knows?
We touched the orb.
Why do they have that fucking orb?
They're like, it's such a it's just like the Nazi.
It's just like that's where Zordon lives.
We're evil.
Well, here's the big thing that shows everyone how fucking evil we are.
Trump is going to touch the orb again.
And he's probably don't even get his own.
Don't even do orb anymore.
And he's going to make them take it out because he had so much fun the last time.
Absolutely.
But yeah, the fact that like nobody knew who fucking Mohammed Atta was, you know, it's
that kind of thing.
All we saw was that moment.
You know, you go back, you watch the clip of Regis and Kath or Regis and Kelly rather
where you can see Regis just barely holding it together and Kelly having a panic attack.
Yeah.
And it's just like, this is how it felt.
It's the exact same thing in this moment.
And it compels you.
You're like, well, what can I do about this right now?
And of course, the answer is we're going to invade Japan in October.
So get ready for a good modern parallel.
Check out Fahrenheit 9-11, which does this timetable of 9-11.
You know, it shows people falling from the windows and then cutting back to George Bush
just sitting in that classroom.
Right.
After having being told not knowing what to do.
Right.
That juxtaposition of absolute silence with carnage is brilliant.
And there's these set up shots of people standing at an airfield, presumably in Pearl Harbor.
You just again, the only sound you get is the buzz of a single plane engine.
And you have like people looking up at the sky, guys playing like volleyball and shit.
Infinitely more effective than Michael Bay staging a what?
Half hour, 45 minute bombing run of Pearl Harbor.
This this hits you.
And you get that animated, the Disney animated image of a giant like rising sun emblazoned knife
stabbing right into the heart of the contiguous United States.
And then the narrator goes, it's the Japanese way.
Which is just like none of my clips included any of the common slurs or the references to
buck teeth and shit like that.
But it's it's there.
Like you straight up couldn't even find good racist shit against the Germans because too
many Americans are German American or whatever.
That's exactly what it is.
Yeah.
Like weird stuff about their broad foreheads or apple cheeks or anything.
Like that.
This is coming towards the end of the war.
Like my grandpa, I'm a dad's side, had fought in Europe, was there when the treaty was signed,
met Stalin, weirdly, was occupying Germany for a little while and then came back to the
United States and they were about to ship him off to Japan when they dropped the bombs.
But he was ready to go.
And this is what they needed to amp people up for is like, we're going to do a full ground
invasion of mainland Japan.
In terms of what happens after the release of this film then, which, by the way, the
film ends with that Marshall quote one more time, just in case you forgot.
The Liberty Bell.
And also, what did it say?
End of part one.
Right.
Oh, God.
I cannot tell you the fear that shot through my body when I was like, after watching six
and a half hours of this shit, I'm going to have to watch another hour and a half.
No, no.
Part two never got made.
Yeah.
My long national nightmare was over.
Thank God.
The plan now was take the war to Japan, put boots on the ground, grind it out and force
a surrender.
U.S., UK and Republic of China Air Forces continued to firebomb military and civilian targets across
Japan, including major cities.
And the idea was that the ground invasion would begin in October of 1945.
But on July 16, 1945, approximately one month after this movie's release, the U.S. Army secretly
conducted the Trinity test in New Mexico, successfully detonating the world's first atomic bomb.
Ten days later, July 26, the Allies issued the Potsdam Declaration, which was basically
an ultimatum saying, Japan, if you don't surrender right now, there will be, and I quote,
prompt and utter destruction.
They made good on the promise.
August 6, 1945, the U.S. Army Air Force drops an atomic bomb on the city of Hiroshima, killing
over 100,000 people, including at least 80,000 civilians.
And of course, three days after that, they drop another bomb over Nagasaki, killing at
least 60,000 people, practically all of them civilians.
At this point, the Soviet Union formally declares war on Japan.
And it doesn't matter because it doesn't matter.
The war is over now.
Japan declares its intention to surrender on August 15.
The terms of the surrender are finalized and signed on September 2 aboard the USS Missouri.
And we did it, guys.
It's America.
This is now Pax Americana.
We occupy Western Europe where we have to compete with the Soviet Union for influence.
Right.
We don't really get into Eastern Europe.
As a result, Germany is split up.
But Japan is entirely our own.
Right.
And we also send OSS agents and military personnel into Manchuria to de-Japanese China.
Right.
To remove any kind of Japanese elements as China starts to restructure into what will eventually
become the next great superpower.
This film, as we've said, was created to stoke American sentiment in favor of that final
campaign against Japan by convincing us that we are morally good.
This is why we fight.
Americans are good.
And that is why we fight.
We've made some mistakes.
Prohibition being the biggest.
Exactly.
I love the shot of the guy making bathtub in his bathtub.
But I think we can all agree, like the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki was one of the greatest
moral atrocities ever committed against humanity.
Yeah.
So what does why we fight posit to be the source of America's goodness?
And can the United States lay any valid claim to it?
We're just born this way.
Yeah.
I mean, that's I mean, I know that sounds flippant, but that is very clearly the intention
of this is that we are born morally good because we are the apex of all things.
All philosophies throughout history have been leading to the moment where we could get our
time in the sun, where Pax Americana can be spread across the world.
And then once everyone's American, they'll be born with it, too, because the thing because
where you are born determines your genetic characteristics.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We created the society of the great individual.
What power does an individual have facing down the atomic bomb?
I don't know.
Yeah.
But we've also created a new way of expanding.
We're not owning the land anymore.
Right.
In the U.S., it was a settler colony more than just a colony.
We are building land, having babies, bringing in immigrants and taking new plots of land.
That was our entire economic basis.
That's what everything was based on.
And then it started to run into crisis once we hit the shore.
So we had to get Alaska.
That wasn't it got us a lot of oil, I guess.
But, you know, that wasn't a great settler colony.
It's still very sparsely populated.
We got Hawaii.
Then we start taking stuff.
We have Guam, the Philippines, Puerto Rico, as colony colonies, not as settler colonies in the same way.
And then we realize that's not really working out right.
The Philippines becomes independent of us after World War II.
What we do find is that we can establish a military hegemony.
We can establish bases in Korea, in Japan, in Germany that will never close.
Germany is not an enemy of ours.
We are not an occupying state of Germany.
And yet we are occupying the German state.
Well, even even in Korea, right, the garrison has now moved out of the city of Seoul, but it's still there.
And it's actually even bigger than it used to be.
It's just that it's not in the middle of the city center anymore.
On Okinawa, there's still plenty of people who live there who would like that base to be gone.
But it's not fucking going anywhere because as it stands right now, I think you're right.
The concept of goodness and military hegemony are completely tied up in each other.
And people have decided that it is better to align with that for one's own practical good and practical defense.
Then think about other potential ways that we could be ordering things.
And so our conflicts after this become about maintaining these dotted line borders that we have or even secret borders that we have in a way.
Right.
They're not our border borders.
They're places like Korea.
Right.
There are places like in Afghanistan and Iraq and setting up these Kuwait presences.
Kuwait in in places that we don't lay a total claim of the land to.
And in the 20th century, beyond just the wars that we did, we also have totally secret wars.
We have Africom.
We have our presence throughout all of Africa in places that we're not supposed to talk about.
Right.
We're no one who participates is supposed to talk about their time there.
I mean, that's not even getting into the CIA black sites and all that other kind of shit.
The expansion of the intelligence state.
I was just talking about military stuff.
But then, yeah, you're we talk about like the OSS becoming the CIA and the NSA and what their power is outside of the United States is a projected power.
It's a lot of soft power.
And it is not any longer the OK, let's pack up your family in a big covered wagon and bring them over to the next plot of land.
I did love in this movie the archival footage from the Oregon Trail.
That was very funny.
Yeah, the Oregon Trail.
Yes.
Thank you.
But this leads me to another question then, I guess, which is obviously we are now in the full Trump era.
Right.
Trumpism is going to be the law of the land for this foreseeable future.
Yeah.
And I would argue that Trumpism posits a different conception of American goodness from what we see in this film.
So.
Right.
As we look forward to the coming years, what's going to change and what's going to stay the same?
I don't have any fucking clue.
I'm going to be honest with you.
It's so.
Yeah.
We have the the added confounding factor of climate shifting.
Right.
Of natural disasters, of resources moving around, most notably water.
Water is the core resource of all things regarding human life and human civilization.
And as that becomes an untrustworthy thing, that's going to change the very nature of what America is.
For people like Elon Musk, the answer is literally in the stars.
Yeah.
And that's quixotic.
Right.
A trip to Mars.
Yes.
Takes a very long time.
And even landing on the planet could, in fact, kill someone who has spent that much time outside of gravity.
Well, and it's not like you're going to have an easier time terraforming Mars than terraforming Earth.
If we can't fix climate change on Earth, how are we supposed to settle a planet that has no climate?
At all.
Trump strikes me more as a Mussolini figure than a Hitler figure.
I would agree.
In that Hitler was a hardcore ideologue who believed so deeply in all of the horrible racist shit.
I mean, Stephen Miller, to me, is more of a Hitler type than a Trump figure.
Mussolini promised a lot of shit to a lot of people, and it got increasingly deranged because it saw that it got him more power.
But his heart was never really in it, which is why he was able to become a puppet at the end of his life.
I think that's Trump.
Trump ultimately just serves Trump.
And as long as Trump is in power, all policies will lead towards him in the way that in Mussolini, all things led towards Mussolini.
The scary part is what happens when the Hitlers under him coup him.
Yeah.
And it becomes not about Trump.
It becomes about the Stephen Millers.
That's when I think the real fear comes.
There's going to be a lot of destruction and a lot of chaos and a lot of death under Trump.
Do not get me wrong.
But in terms of actually executing on a plan, I don't.
We've seen him try before.
Yeah.
And he sucks at it.
Yeah.
The deaths come from the chaos of trying to implement the plan as opposed to the actual plan itself, which will never be implemented because he doesn't have the follow through because he doesn't have the attention span to do it.
Well, I also think that he has trouble articulating a cohesive, positive vision.
Exactly.
When we talk about what is making America great again.
You can say that until the end of the day, but like unless you can articulate what that actually means and what that actually looks like, it is hard to construct a real project that builds rather than destroys.
Yeah.
And one of the biggest projections of American power in the world is the state of Israel.
Yep.
And we will continue to support it no matter what.
It's shocking to watch this film and see the kind of footage that is shown here and to see how profoundly it parallels the images that you see out of Gaza, out of Lebanon, what we're going to be seeing out of fucking Syria now because of Israel's constant fascistic suicidal impulse, the same suicidal impulse that drove Italy and Germany and Japan that does not resolve without massive destruction on one side or another.
And which does not have any meaningful opposition from an actual superpower like our own.
Because at this point, it's a matter of more than we're still debating.
Should we even pull weapons away?
Not should we bomb the shit out of them until they fucking stop there?
There is a moment in one of these, the one about the rise of Hitler, where there's archival footage of him at a rally talking about all the places that they either have taken over or will take over.
And the last one that he says is Palestine and it gets a huge pop.
It gets a laugh.
Yeah, he's talking because it's from that letter that Roosevelt writes saying you need to respect the sovereignty of these different places.
And the last one, him saying Palestine and everyone laughing.
It's it's haunting shit.
You I just don't I wouldn't see how anyone could watch these films and not see the parallel.
You are like Capra in that way, Brian.
It's like if you present people with the evidence, surely they will come around to it.
And what's tragic about it is that there are people with a vested interest in not understanding it, in purposefully keeping their head.
The common individual isn't actually the most powerful unit of American production.
No, the systems of power that we have in place in the executive, the legislature, in the so-called deep state, in the continuous state, regardless of who is elected in the FBI or the CIA or the NSA or the Pentagon.
That continues forward and that keeps its interest entirely with Israel.
They do all these public opinion polls and how people shift in their opinion, thinking, yeah, I care more about China.
And we see public opinion in America.
Yeah, I care more about Palestine.
Right.
And the answer politically does not exist at the top.
You can't vote your way out of it.
The America that Capra is presenting is probably the generic stereotypical idea of when America was great.
Yeah.
And it was still an America of reservations, of segregation, of internment, of the atomic bomb.
The dream of Lebensraum includes all of Lebensraum.
We can pretend the American frontier wasn't the same, but it was.
We can pretend that Israel isn't the same, but it is.
We can pretend that the America of today is somehow absolved from its sins of projection because of its distance.
Because I don't live there.
I'm not doing it, even though my tax money is going to that.
Or to use the good things that America has done, including the things that it did to stop, at least stanch the trend toward fascism in World War II.
But it's not enough.
It's never enough until we are free.
I guess that's as good of a place as any to leave it this week.
I hope you've been enjoying this episode, everyone.
And if this is your first time listening to our show, thanks for listening.
We do a show just like this every week, but it's usually about things that are a little, I don't know.
We talked about skippity-tour.
So if you're interested in hearing more of our case studies in the pop culture of a dying emperor, don't hesitate to check out that back catalog.
And if you really like what you hear, we also have a Patreon.
It's $5 a month.
And those $5 get you access to the premium episodes that we do every other week, as well as the monthly podcast, Fancy Movie Time.
Just me and AJ watching, well, fancy movies.
And we've even got a $10 tier, which also grants you access to Ladscast, where we just kind of shoot the shit.
That's a video podcast, at least sometimes.
So if you want to be able to tell us apart, which is a real problem.
I'm forgetting to put up the chyrons that tell us our names.
But like, yeah, I think you'll figure it out eventually.
Switch them, Brian.
Never.
You know you want to.
Don't hesitate to check that out.
And again, thank you for listening to our show.
We appreciate you all.
So one of the most striking images from Why We Fight is this animated sequence that the Disney company did of the Nazi swastika slowly bleeding out into other countries.
And taking them over and forming this enormous pincer move that eventually, you know, takes over the United States itself.
And as we move towards fascism, I just can't stop thinking about the why we fight that's going to be made about us.
Yeah.
And about our eagle swooping in and spreading that blood.
And I know it's going to happen.
And the worst part is we're going to deserve it.
Yeah.
I'm the worst of all possible AJ's.
I'm the worst of all possible Brian's.
And I'm the worst of all possible Josh's.
See you next week.
Bye.
