My name is Alan Wake. I'm a writer.
For 13 years I've been trapped in a dark place, experiencing possible horrors that are sick and twisted, even as my standards.
Two years ago, a place that is dark.
Although many people think of all writing this podcast, it's a spiral that actually might be frustrating good.
Now, if it turns from the previous departure, I don't understand another volcano.
Just count it and what it is.
To be a writer, under the ground, they cast me out as a herald of the sky.
Show me the champion of the lives!
You can't say that if you're a writer.
I'll show you the herald of darkness.
Lost in a never-ending night.
Diving deep to the surface.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
Oh, welcome to the worst of all possible worlds, the first and only podcast to champion the herald of darkness.
I am the worst of all possible, AJs.
The worst of all possible, Bryans.
And I'm Mickey Mouse.
What the fuck?
What?
No, we're back.
We're back.
I'm the worst of all possible, Joshes.
We're back.
We're here for you with another case study in the pop culture of a dying empire.
And this time around, we're taking a look at something that a lot of you have wanted us to talk about.
And frankly, we've wanted to talk about it, too.
Yes, we are returning to the woods to get comfy once again with Alan Wake in his latest adventure.
Alan Wake 2.
You guys need to know how much I have begged these men not to make me play another fucking remedy game for this podcast.
And the worst thing is, I didn't play Alan Wake 1.
I didn't have a device that I could play it on.
That's right.
You guys played it.
Our guest Jack played it.
And I had watched a bunch of videos and talked to you guys beforehand and all of that.
So I was like, you know, I don't really remember what happened because I don't remember anything that we do on the podcast.
So in December, they did a remastered version of it that I got for free on PlayStation Plus.
I went and played it in December and had a horrible time.
I just didn't understand how bad it felt at every single moment to play that game.
I hate it so much.
That's my review.
Of Alan Wake 1.
Of Alan Wake 1.
Alan Wake 1.
Because it turns out Alan Wake 2, a little different.
Yeah, a little bit different.
I don't want to show my hand too early, but too bad.
I love this fucking game.
Holy shit.
They pulled it off.
Sam Lake, a man who I genuinely thought did not have this in him, pulled out what might be one of the greatest games of last year.
And maybe one of my favorite games I've played in a very long time.
So I am so excited that we get to talk about this today and that we get to go on a Sam Lake apology tour, I guess.
That's right.
Sam Lake, get your ukulele ready.
You need to apologize to us.
It's exciting, right?
Because when we played Alan Wake originally for our episode all the way back in...
What was that again?
2022?
2022?
Yeah.
Like February or March or something?
Yeah, it was two years ago.
Yeah.
Well, obviously we re-released that episode as well last week.
And if you haven't had a chance to listen, you can go back.
It's been unlocked.
It's free.
A little quick bullet point here.
Remedy Entertainment, video game studio based out of Espoo, Finland.
You might also know it as the home of Nokia.
Oh, shit.
Second largest city in Finland.
And Remedy rose to acclaim with Max Payne, which was the first sort of big budget game that they developed.
It wasn't their very first game, but it was the first one to get major acclaim.
Released that in 2001.
They released the follow-up Max Payne 2 in 2003.
And both of these games were published by Take-Two under the Rockstar Games label.
They were written by a fellow named Sam Lake, who very quickly made a name for himself as sort of an auteur in the video game world.
Something that's very rare, something that you usually associate, typically more with Japanese developers, right?
You got like Iga, Suda.
And Kojima.
Yeah, of course.
But Lake is the rare Finnish person.
There's not a lot of them.
We are frequently, we pop in and out of the top 250 podcasts in Finland.
So I'm hoping that this episode puts us back in that top 250.
It is so funny because this game is so Finnish in a way that no other Remedy game before it really is.
We're going to delve into that a little bit later.
But it is worth pointing out that like for a long time, I think Remedy has tried to make games that are more American.
And it is it is so lovely that we finally get to celebrate the great country of Finland.
Well, and a lot of that comes back to Sam Lake, right?
Because Sam Lake started out just being a developer.
He got roped into it in college.
He was not one of the co-founders.
He was he was a film student and somebody that he played D&D with in high school had started a game studio and was like, hey, you're a writer.
And he's like, yes, I'm a writer.
Yes, I'm a writer.
And they had this car game that they made first.
And so he wrote some little things for that.
And then Max Payne was like, what if we make a game just based on my writing where my writing fucking dominates it?
And there's like constant narration and everything.
And, you know, big fan of like noir and American cinema noir specifically.
And so Sam Lake pretty quickly puts his creative imprint on Remedy.
And after Max Payne and especially Max Payne, too, he becomes more or less synonymous with the studio.
He ends up getting named creative director a little bit later on.
And I think that it's fair to say that what people think of as a quote unquote remedy game is pretty much what Sam Lake wants to make becomes a remedy game in many ways.
Yeah. And what's been more the case over the past couple games is that it's what Sam Lake wants and then inspires other people to want.
And then they throw some more stuff into the gumbo.
So as remedy has gone on, their games have gotten more and more complicated and there are more and more moving parts.
Like we see in Control the introduction of a musical number, for example, which is now seemingly now becoming a staple of it.
But there is.
I'm okay with that.
I would love it.
I mean, yeah.
It fucking rules.
They've really improved on the formula, too.
There's always a sort of a live action element that they love to incorporate into a remedy game.
It's always a third person shooter.
There's always narration and voiceover happening.
There's always very talkative characters, movie type editing and filming, including actual live action footage starting starting with Alan Wake, starting with the first Alan Wake with those really, really bad Night Springs segments that they're like, oh, what if we put some actual money into this later?
They have some live action for Alan Wake's American Nightmare.
They do a ton of live action for Quantum Break, which is the one game I think none of us have played.
Yeah.
Oh, you neither of you played Quantum Break.
It was a Microsoft game and I've never had like an Xbox or anything.
So I mentioned Max Payne and Max Payne 2.
Yeah.
Those games, again, published by Rockstar.
But even though they reviewed well, they didn't sell as well as Take-Two was hoping.
And so they dropped Remedy as a developer.
And very importantly, Take-Two retained the rights to the Max Payne intellectual property.
And so they ended up then developing another sequel, Max Payne 3, in-house at Rockstar without Remedy being involved at all.
And this is very important.
Yes.
Yeah.
You wouldn't think it would be as important as it is for the Alan Wake sequel that you know the actual backstory of the Remedy studio.
But it is integral.
Because in the first Alan Wake, if we remember, Alan Wake, who is a writer, he'll let us know that on occasion.
Love Stephen King.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's having his Stephen King writing misery moment where he's like, he's hit writer's block.
He doesn't know what he wants to do next.
And his wife takes him up to a lake.
It's not a lake.
It's not a lake.
It's an ocean.
Yes.
But it's also a lake.
Oh.
Ah.
And then he gets, he gets hated and whatever.
But.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Hainted?
Hainted.
Yeah.
By all the haints.
Yeah.
But when we get little flashbacks to his life in New York City.
Hey.
He's a hotshot writer of mystery detective novels.
Yeah.
Starring a character named Alex Casey.
And the couple of times you get to read a couple pages, you hear voiceover.
And that voiceover is the same voice actor who played Max Payne.
Right.
James McCaffrey.
Rest in peace, by the way.
Just passed away.
Just passed away.
But totally integral to sort of this core mythos here where you have this hard-boiled
detective character.
And he is, for all intents and purposes, Max Payne.
And I think that if they were legally able to do so, Alan Wake would have just been the
writer of Max Payne.
But they can't do that because Tank 2 owns Max Payne.
And honestly, we're better for it.
We're better for that limitation that's been placed on them.
Because you're always playing with the knowledge that you are looking at and hearing Max Payne,
but not Max Payne, this other thing that he's transformed into.
Yeah.
Right.
I don't know how tolerable it would have been had it just been Max Payne in the Alan Wake
days, you know?
There's a hole.
There's a hole behind me.
Like that.
I mean, Alan Wake was unbearable enough with Barry just constantly running around too.
Hey, it's me, your agent.
Ain't I a goofy guy?
I'm so goofy.
You'll be happy to know Barry is not in Alan Wake 2.
No.
He's mentioned a lot.
Barry got shoved firmly through the no-no door.
He's gone.
Because the DLC gets really Barry heavy.
And then Alan Wake's American Nightmare like hangs on Barry.
And I think they realized we can't keep doing this.
Well, he's the Jar Jar of the series.
Yeah.
You know, he's the key to all of this.
He's the key to everything.
The key that he keeps fucking dropping.
It's worth noting that Alan Wake may very well not have come about were it not for the
fact that Remedy and Take-Two broke up, right?
After that breakup, they needed to start developing a new IP.
They signed an exclusivity deal with Microsoft Game Studios.
And Alan Wake was released for Xbox 360 in 2010.
After a five-year development cycle.
This game was originally supposed to be this physics-heavy, open-world horror game with
a day-night cycle with all the stuff that you would see maybe 10 years later more frequently.
And obviously-
You could drive those cars all around.
Yeah.
And Remedy was not-
Cars that you could not control.
Remedy was not a triple-A studio.
As you said, Josh.
They sold well.
They weren't selling the kind of well that Take-Two demanded from its developers.
Right.
And yeah, they didn't have the stuff required to do both this really impressive technical
stuff with lighting effects and physics objects that are all flying around all the time, which
is another one of their staples since Max Payne.
And instead, they had to chop it down.
And I think the Alan Wake that we have is a very chopped down game, which is why stuff
like the tutorial is really strange and confusing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And this is not uncommon.
And for a sort of large but not huge studio that's very ambitious, that wants to try new
things, you end up in sort of a tug of war oftentimes with the publisher.
Yeah.
I think that in many cases, a developer will think that they can deliver more than they
actually can.
Right.
And at the end of the day, the publisher kind of has to make some hard choices about what
will ship.
And the ultimate product, Alan Wake, again, sold pretty well as an Xbox 360 exclusive.
There was a follow up PC port in 2012.
And that's really sort of like before they did the remasters in 2021.
That was kind of the gold standard.
Yeah.
And again, if you want to hear more about Alan Wake, just go back to that unlocked episode
from last week.
We did not have fun with that.
It's a fun episode, but we it is a fun.
Oh, boy, we did not have fun with that.
I forgot how hard I went into the bits on that one.
I became bits boy.
Well, right.
Because you didn't actually play the whole thing.
So you had to be the bits.
It's so interesting, too, because American Nightmare then like doubles down on everything
that was kind of bad in Alan Wake.
Like it gets a lot more sexist.
And that's what's confusing, right, is Alan Wake then sold two DLCs and then it made this
game called American Nightmare, which is not a full game.
It's sort of like what Ubisoft does with these Far Cry sequel things.
Right.
It's like it's not a DLC, but it also kind of is.
It's an ocean.
Yeah.
And so American Nightmare is kind of shorter.
It's built using assets that they already have, but also a lot of new assets because
it's set in Arizona for some reason.
A lot of live action footage.
And some of this came out of an idea for Alan Wake, too, that they decided that they weren't
going to pursue.
So, yeah, after American Nightmare is released, Remedy starts working on a full sequel, right?
They want to pitch Microsoft on Alan Wake, too.
They did a full internal prototype.
If you take a look in the notes, we've got a link to a video of that prototype, which was
not publicly released because Microsoft didn't want to publish it.
Yeah.
And so instead, Remedy started working on a brand new game.
And that game was called Quantum Break.
And it was released in 2016.
Yeah.
So Quantum Break veered away from horror and it went into science fiction, time travel-y,
physics simulation kind of shit.
And they got Sean Ashmore, Aidan Gillen, Lance Reddick, and Dominic Monaghan.
Lance Reddick will be important later to play these characters that are in the game.
But also now there are extensive FMV scenes.
Now, so for Alan Wake, the FMV was used for bonus stuff.
So ever since Max Payne 2, there have been like TVs you can watch in Remedy games.
In Max Payne 2, the TVs are showing shows that have some voiceover and they're basically
slideshows.
For Alan Wake, the TV shows that you watch are hastily put together footage of some office
inside of Remedy and then voiceover trying to make sense of it.
And then in Quantum Break, there not only is stuff you can see on TV, including a teaser
for what will become Alan Wake 2, but also there are scenes involving characters in the
story that you just watch as live action footage.
And it's worth noting as well that this like integrating live action FMV into a 3D rendered
world.
This is built into the engine.
Yeah.
Because they build a brand new engine for Quantum Break called Northlight.
And Northlight is still their engine.
They use it for Alan Wake 2, right?
Because they have a very specific style of storytelling that they are trying to pull off.
And so they build their own engine in house to facilitate that storytelling.
And in terms of like the larger Remedy universe, Quantum Break is sort of the least integral in
terms of like recurring characters that are exactly the same.
But there are characters that do come into Alan Wake 2 that are from Quantum Break.
The protagonist of Quantum Break, the actor who plays him, plays a character in Alan Wake 2.
The actor who plays Quantum Break.
Yes.
The actor who plays Quantum Break.
I'm Quantum Break.
He plays a character named, I'm a breaker.
He plays a character in Alan Wake called Tim Breaker.
Yeah.
That is his name.
Come on.
So Quantum Break, again, a pretty decent success.
Although worth noting that at this point, Microsoft is no longer their publisher.
So they seek out another publisher and they get 505 games this time around.
And 505 is an Italian publisher that mostly worked on European releases of games that then
started pursuing a much more aggressive strategy of global publication.
And Control is one of them.
I mean, there are aspects of that game that I think don't entirely hit, particularly in
the latter half.
Yeah.
But the vibes of that game are pretty immaculate.
Yeah.
We talked about playing Control for the podcast.
And honestly, we don't like it or dislike it enough for it to, I think, make a good episode.
But it starts, I mean, it comes out of the gate incredibly fucking strong.
And then it just, the story itself just kind of gets dumber and the combat just is very
repetitive for me.
Josh likes it.
Well, I do.
I mean, I like it mechanically quite a bit, although I have not played past the first few
hours.
So who can say if that's the case throughout?
What I will say about Control is that it is tight.
Oh, yeah.
The gunplay and the way that you can throw shit around and all of that.
You will hear me yell repeatedly in our Max Payne 2 episode about how frustrating I found
the combat in that game.
Yeah.
Things are not signaled effectively.
The actual gunplay itself feels sluggish and confusing frequently to me.
With Control, on the other hand, as long as you are down with what the game is trying
to do, you can have some fun with it.
And broadly speaking, I would say that I did.
The biggest thing that you should know about Control, though, in terms of how it matters
for Alan Wake, too, is that it is part of the same universe.
Yeah.
Within Control, you play an agent working for a U.S.
government agency called the Bureau of Control.
And the FBC is, you know, it's like the FBI or the CIA.
And rather than dealing with crimes, they deal with matters of the paranormal.
It's like SCP shit, right?
Yep.
It's the X-Files office.
Yep.
And they deal with altered world events.
A-W-E's.
Yes.
Altered world.
Alan Wake-E.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
And they deal with objects of power and these...
They've created an explanation for what happens in Alan Wake that's not annoying.
Like, it's just like, okay, here's this world where, like, inexplicable things happen.
They're localized to certain places.
The Alan Wake thing is one of them.
The Alan Wake DLC of Control was very disappointing to me.
It was just like, oh, yeah, you remember the psychiatrist?
He's, like, long now.
Yeah, he's the longest psychiatrist you've ever seen.
He's skittling around the roof.
He's just attacking you in the dark.
And you gotta go get him.
You gotta go take him out.
I'm just scrounging and skittling.
You know how it's been.
I'm so long.
I'm skittling now.
You can't catch me.
And he, like, scurries into the vents.
I like the idea of, like, you know what's scary?
A psychiatrist.
You know what's even scarier?
A long psychiatrist.
Oh, oh.
He better not be skittling.
Because if he's skittling, I'm gonna be too scared to play that game.
So Control also makes some innovations in how it does FMV sequences, which it still has.
There are TVs that you can watch.
And it also incorporates full motion live action video into the environment in really clever ways.
They found a really neat way to light these things that they just kind of look nice to walk through in a 3D environment where everyone is backlit and silhouetted.
And so they have, like, sort of a halo of light around them.
And you will see sort of a projection of it in front of you while also seeing a larger version of it or a variation on it in the foreground sort of logged in the same place that, like, a lens flare would show up.
And also, I think the actor who plays the scientist who you're mostly seeing in these live action scenes is really good.
Oh, do you?
Yeah, I do, actually.
Yeah.
Do you know who that actor is playing that scientist?
Is it you?
Yes, it's me.
That's Matthew Perretta.
That is the voice of Alan Wake.
Is it really?
By the way, you know who the voice is of the director of the Bureau of Control?
James McCaffrey, the voice of Max Payne.
That's right.
Yeah.
So this is the other thing that I wanted to point up, too, about Remedy, is that they will find guys and they will stick with them.
Yeah, they keep around.
It's one of those things where they clearly value.
And I think a piece of this as well is to do with Sam Lake himself and the fact that he likes working with the same collaborators over and over and over again, which is I think he is at heart a theater guy in many ways.
And that is very much a theater guy quality.
Sam Lake really does seem to lean into collaboration, particularly in between when Alan Wake comes out and Alan Wake 2.
He talks a lot about how much he's changed and grown since Alan Wake 1.
And Control, I think, is like the big leap forward in terms of Remedy as a studio and in terms of their storytelling.
They haven't quite figured out everything yet, but all the pieces are in place for them to make their masterwork.
Well, and AJ, you mentioned the sort of gap between Alan Wake and Alan Wake 2.
Yeah.
And that is a significant period of time.
We've talked about the games that were released between that period, but also like that's 11 years, right?
Right.
Alan Wake was released in 2010.
And the next time that we get firm confirmation of a new Alan Wake game, the actual Alan Wake sequel, Alan Wake 2.
It's announced at the Game Awards in December 2021.
Jeff Keighley drags Sam Lake up on stage after the teaser.
And this is what Sam Lake says.
We've been a bit protective.
We knew this is going to be a pretty scary experience.
I was going to say.
Now we are convinced everybody is ready.
You are ready.
What kind of game are we going to get for the sequel?
Can you tell us something about it?
Yeah, we are breaking new ground here.
This is going to be Remedy's first ever survival horror game.
Our take on the genre.
The first game had horror elements to it, but it was an action game.
Yeah.
And we feel that this is the perfect genre to bring together the story and gameplay closer than ever before.
Because the story, horror story, is at the very heart of this.
And it's psychological layered, deep mystery to dive into.
I remember watching that trailer and I think I texted the both of you and I was like, I don't know, man.
I think this might be good.
I think the slide message, yeah.
And you were both like, yeah, I also got oceanfront property in Arizona to sell you or something like that.
And I was like, no, but like, I think there's something here about it.
And to that point, Josh, about how he felt protective of it, I have another quote here from him.
BAFTA, of all people, did a video about the making of Alan Wake 2.
And Sam Lake is quoted in it sitting next to, I shit you not, a giant pile of all the previous drafts of Alan Wake 2.
That's like up, that comes up to like his mid torso.
And he just, he kind of looks very tired, I guess is the best way to describe it.
But here's the quote from him.
I feel that we, when we ended up in this situation that we did the first game so long ago and only now got to the sequel.
It feels like between these two, even if they are part of the same, there has been a lot of growing up in between.
And that, I don't know, I hope that once this is done out there and you look at the whole franchise, the first part and the second part,
that it gives you something really, really unique in the sense that there was a gap of nine.
Well, there were all those learnings and lessons and growing up in between.
And yet it is very much the same thing.
No, it's fucking not.
I'm so sorry.
It is not the same thing at all.
I just felt so happy that there was that suffering along the way that it didn't happen earlier because all those steps along the way have informed what makes Alan Wake 2 what it is.
Yeah.
Well, and to say about Alan Wake 1 is it does have novelty on its side, right?
I don't think it's a very good game, but going into a horror game at that point in time, it was pretty much just zombies, right?
It was just like Resident Evil had started changing up its formula, but it was still pretty much Resident Evil dominated.
You know, he made a game that wasn't zombies.
It was still kind of zombies.
And it was about a writer and you used a flashlight like in Luigi's Mansion.
And it's a very different sort of game.
There isn't another game, especially at that point in time, that plays or behaves just like Alan Wake does for better and worse.
So with all of the hype, the game is released just in time for Halloween 2023.
It's like the second or third week of October, I want to say.
And rapturous reviews, earth shattering reviews, masterpiece, 10 out of 10 game of the year for so many like websites and things like it.
It was a very good year for video games last year.
Terrible to work in the video game industry.
But the actual games that came out were magnificent, like one of the best years in gaming that we've ever had.
And the fact that it was standing up amongst those titans made me go, was I right?
Yeah.
Was I actually right about this game?
Did they actually stick the landing on it?
And I was so stoked to play it.
And so I started playing it and realized we wouldn't be able to cover it on the podcast for a couple of months.
So I stopped.
And that made me very sad because I had to play Far Cry 5 instead.
And all I wanted to do was keep playing Alan Wake 2.
Yeah.
I mean, we have been wrestling with Remedy on our show for a while, right?
Much like Jacob wrestled with God.
That's right.
That's right.
Only now have we realized that Remedy is God.
Can we pin down the angel?
So Alan Wake 2 begins controlling a large nude man.
You become nude right at the start of the game.
You see this really cool, weird image of a deer head.
Yeah.
And slowly you realize that it's like you're seeing half of a deer head through the water and the image has been flipped sideways.
It's neat.
I like it.
That was neat.
Yeah.
And it immediately puts you in the tone and mood of the thing, which is this is going to be Spoop Town USA in a way that the original Alan Wake, I would argue, is not very scary.
It's not scary at all.
It's like the idea of a bunch of scary concepts.
Like here's a Victorian widow.
Yes.
And this one is scary for real.
The minute this large nude man comes out of the lake and he says the word Hemingway, I went, I am on board for this game.
Because I'm the fucking lore head who remembered from Alan Wake 1 that Agent Nightingale with all his stupid ass nicknames for Alan Wake.
Yeah, because he would always refer to you as like Jane Austen.
Oh my God, it's that guy.
It's that fucking guy, Josh.
Wow.
Coming right out of the lake.
You're like, okay, Oliver Goldsmith.
And they've made him, you know, you basically control a zombie, right?
He is possessed by the dark presence.
Yeah, he's one of the enemies, but you don't realize that when you're starting the game.
Is this one of the most detailed penises in video games?
I think so.
I think it might be.
Yeah, in a certain kind of video game.
There are no cyberpunk decks.
Do you know what I mean?
Like those are, those come in three sizes.
I mean, this is a big year for penis in games.
I mean, last year was, right?
We also got Baldur's Gate 3.
Yes.
Emphasis on the ball.
Yeah.
But yeah, you, you make your way up.
You see a couple of people who shine a flashlight on you and you mumble a couple things at them.
And your first little clue that there's something even more to what's happening than what it looks like is that they, they act like you just yelled something at them.
Right.
And you sort of, in your delirium, continue to make your way up through the woods and then you get stabbed by someone in a mask.
And then a lot of flashing images and then we get to the very Control-esque title card.
Yes, the loudest title card of all time.
Wait for me.
Alan!
Wake!
Two!
Just a big old text up on the screen.
I leapt up and cheered.
I do really love that, like, this game is very different from Control.
It controls different from Control, right?
It's a, you know, you move around differently.
You interact with the world differently.
But they have found this asset in the form of typeface, the way that they do their titles.
They're going to do them the same way that they do in Control because it is so dramatic every time in Control as well.
So they're like, yeah, not just reusing actors and characters, but just reusing, like, certain ideas,
even for a game that's very stylistically different.
And I will say, speaking as a typography enthusiast,
Yeah.
Like, they make very, very good use of, like, fonts and typography to set the tone.
Yeah.
Right?
Yeah.
Like, this is aggressive.
And, you know, what we're using here is sort of a sort of tall, stretched, sans serif font.
Okay.
It has a much more literary feel to it.
It's the sort of thing that you would see on the cover of a novel.
And that's what they're going for.
Ooh.
Josh's font corner.
You know, you get this sweeping shot of Cauldron Lake as well.
And there's something that's the magic trick that I think this game pulls off is that it makes me nostalgic for a game I didn't like.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that's unreal.
There's a time where you go back to Bright Falls.
I mean, you go there quite a bit, actually.
But, you know, I was like, oh, you can actually walk around this time.
Because previously you saw the town and were just inside the diner.
And I was like, I'm going to go to the diner.
I'm going to see if it has the weird dark hallway in the back that it should not fucking have.
And sure enough, the diner, other places are built a little differently.
But the diner is built exactly the same way that it was in the first game.
And that made me so happy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Except you can open the doors now and there's a deer head just like in the storage closet for some reason.
Like it's somehow even weirder.
Well, and also Alan Wake is the titular character of this game.
But we actually don't see him for a while.
Because first, we got to meet our co-protagonist, Saga Anderson.
Yes, our deuteragonist.
Oh, okay, Mr. College Boy.
Hey, kiddo.
How are you?
I'm good, Mom.
How are you?
This trip might take a little longer than I thought.
I'm sorry I've been gone so much lately, Logan.
Oh, my God, Mom.
It's not your fault.
People get all murdery.
I'm sorry, my Canadian child.
My beautiful Canadian child.
Well, Dad and I are just watching the latest episode of Night Springs here.
Mom, it's so good.
No spoilers.
I'll let you get back to the show.
You were supposed to wait and watch with me.
I love you both.
This is what happens when you go on work trips, Mom.
Love you, too.
And say hi to Casey.
Tell him to stop brooding so much.
Casey?
Oh, Alex Casey?
Oh, wait.
But he's not real.
Bye, kiddo.
Logan thinks you should try cheering up.
Snarky kid.
I wonder where she gets that from.
Hold on.
Uh-oh.
So, but that's a fake guy.
Wait a minute.
And sure enough, when you see him, her detective partner, it is, of course, the face and body of Sam Lake, just as in the original Max Payne games.
And the voice of James McCaffrey.
There we go.
Just as in the original Max Payne.
They also have a lovely bit that they both drink coffee simultaneously with each other that is very Twin Peaks.
So, of course, yeah, Twin Peaks is a big inspiration for all of this stuff.
Here, he's also learned a lesson from both Twin Peaks, The Return, and Fire Walk With Me.
Because Fire Walk With Me, of course, starts without any of the characters that you know.
No Agent Cooper.
It's just like, here's a different FBI guy investigating a different case that turns out to be relevant as the movie goes on.
But you spend, like, the first, what, 30 minutes of the movie just with these other guys?
This game has done the same thing.
It's introduced Saga Anderson, this woman with a British accent that keeps sort of bleeding back into her American accent.
She does her best.
She does her best, and she gets better as the game goes on.
At the beginning, we're doing, like, detective work.
This is like a detective game.
You're looking around, you're gathering evidence, kind of in a Nancy Drew PC game kind of way,
where you, like, look at an object and you click around the screen with your cursor.
And you click on it and says, it's locked.
Yeah, exactly.
So, you're gathering evidence, and then you have a mind palace, and when you go into it, it says mind place,
and you're like, wait, it just said mind palace in the tutorial.
And then, thankfully, Saga pipes up and says, the mind place is my version of the mind palace.
And, actually, the writing in this game is not very cheesy.
I was, like, really in it for a lot of it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This was one of those moments that's like, oh, yeah, Sam Lake made this game.
Yeah, this is good old Sam Lake.
Now this is pottery.
And you have this wall where you can arrange evidence, and it seems very interesting at first.
It's kind of not that clever.
But it pays off in an interesting way at the end of the game, which we will talk about later.
And it's always a nice way to be like, if you've put down the game for a while, you can actually go back to this.
And this is, it basically exists for you to look at it as a reference to figure out where you're supposed to go next.
Yeah, and I think that's the main utility of this, right?
Because this game doesn't use quest markers.
But you're right, Brian, that, like, in a game like this that is so story heavy, that does have specific objectives,
you're going to get lost if you put it down for a while, and then you have to come back.
This is an interesting solve, and I've never seen this particular approach used in a game before.
And I wouldn't be surprised if other sort of adventure type games end up using a similar thing going forward.
One of the reasons this game can get away with not having quest markers is that the level design is actually much smaller than it initially appears.
Yeah.
You look like you're lost in the forest, but really it's very difficult ultimately to get, like, lost, lost for too, too long.
Unless you're me.
Well, I mean, but also, once you start, like, returning to the same areas over and over again.
Again, unless you're me.
But thankfully it gives you a map, unlike Alan Wake 1.
It gives you a map, yes.
The map is sort of the Silent Hill 2 style map, where it's just, like, a big piece of paper, basically.
And as you discover parts that are blocked off, those blocked off parts will be, like, penciled in as a barrier on this map.
Yeah.
It'll tell you when it's at, like, high tide and low tide.
And so it'll show you which places are completely inaccessible and which have suddenly opened up.
You are Saga Anderson.
You're working with your partner, Alex Casey, who is not that Alex Casey, by the way.
It's made very clear.
Or is he?
Yeah.
He talks about his wife.
He's not.
And he's not married anymore.
But it's not because his wife and baby got shot.
It's because he's divorced.
He is exactly what he needs to be, which is the hard-boiled detective archetype.
Yeah.
I think that's good and necessary.
I think that Saga Anderson, as a character, is a little lacking.
And what I mean by that is that the game is absolutely terrified to give her any flaws whatsoever.
It doesn't seem like she's really working through anything through this investigation.
You know, when you look at something like Silence of the Lambs, Clarice Starling is, like, working through some shit.
Yeah.
On that case.
Yeah, she starts out not having a whole lot of conflict other than she's away from home a fair bit.
And even that's not, like, a huge deal.
And so then the conflict starts getting introduced later.
And I think it creates some things in your mind that creates, like, a reverse causality.
Just to give an example, once you get into Bright Falls and you go to the diner, you get to interview a couple of witnesses.
The two people you saw with the flashlight at the very beginning of the game.
By the way, that performance, wonderful.
It's a husband and wife.
The wife is a true crime writer.
She's a podcaster like us.
Hey, let's go.
Actually, I think she writes books.
But she was out in the woods because she is writing a book about the disappearance of Alan Wake.
Right.
This character does not come back for the rest of Saga's story, which kind of upsets me.
It's a shame.
Because, like, Saga's story stops being, like, the detective story about this initial case.
It becomes an adventure story, which is also fine.
I think it's well done.
But it does make me kind of miss what you do in the first two chapters.
Part of why it's such a shame is that this is one of the strongest vocal performances in the whole thing.
And we only get it pretty briefly.
This is a great, great scene where you're talking to these two people.
You're asking them about what went down, trying not to piss them off too bad, letting them know they're not being charged for anything related to this murder.
And when you leave the diner, the waitress behind the counter, who was this woman who was, like, obsessed with Alan Wake.
Who was also in the first game, by the way.
Yeah, the ultimate fangirl in the first game, is like, hi, Saga.
For some reason, she knows you.
And she's like, boy, it sure is a shame about your daughter drowning.
And Saga's like, my alive daughter that you don't know because you've never met me before?
My alive Canadian daughter?
Yes, go on.
And that gave a sense to me that, like, oh, okay, so this little bit that we've had with Saga has been a lie that has been created by Alan Wake's warped reality because we know from the first game that he is able to shape reality in this world, in this town.
So her real reality is that she has a dead daughter, but now she thinks that her daughter is alive.
Right.
She's operating under this sort of delusion created by the altered world event.
Whereas the reality, the truth, I guess, of this narrative is it's the other way around.
That Alan Wake's writing has killed Saga's daughter.
So once we make our way through a little bit of the investigation, we find that the guy who got stabbed, that large man in the pre-credit sequence, is indeed Agent Nightingale.
The guy who, in the original, loved to call Alan Wake names such as Ernest Hemingway.
Nightingale, it turns out, emerged from the lake quite mysteriously.
It's not a lake, it's an ocean.
Thanks.
Thanks, AJ.
And this has been happening, I guess, on an ongoing basis as we've just had been having guys come out of the lake.
You investigated three other people who had disappeared into the lake and come out and been found dead.
And it's almost as if they haven't, like, aged.
It's also almost as if they had drowned before dying somehow.
And all of these guys originally vanished in the year 2010.
Mm.
That's the same year Alan Wake came out.
I mean, disappeared.
But another thing that happens in the very complex lore of the first game is that the lake, yeah, tends to spit things out.
Like, anything that has ever gone into the lake will exit once again.
Like, at one point you're in an airplane that's just on the ground out there.
You know, there's a house.
And then anybody who has gone into the lake will come back out as a dark-sided version of themselves.
Right.
Just as Agent Nightingale has.
But when he came out as this dark-sided version of himself, someone murdered him.
Oh.
And cut out his heart.
His whole heart.
Oh, my God.
Which has writing on it.
And his body has writing on it.
It's barbaric.
Yeah.
And so Saga takes the body down to the morgue.
Yeah.
To do an autopsy.
And unfortunately, Nightingale is not as dead as had seemed to be the case before.
And in what I think is a very cool fucking sequence.
Yeah.
He comes back to life right there on the slide.
Yeah.
The sheriff is there and he's like, wait, this kind of reminds me of something else.
And just as he's about to bring you a file, he disappears forever.
Yeah.
And Nightingale wakes up.
Yeah.
He's yeeted into the dark place.
We find out a little bit later.
And you have to do your first battle.
Yes.
With Nightingale as a taken.
And you learn all about the mechanics of this game, which is light, good, dark, bad.
Yep.
Yep.
Much like in the original Alan Wake, if you are standing in direct light.
So if there's like light above you shining onto you, it will heal you.
However, these lights can and will black out, leaving you totally helpless, except for the
fact, of course, that you have a flashlight and a gun.
And so you can use your flashlight to stagger the enemy.
In this game, you don't have to use your flashlight on everyone.
But some enemies have like a dark shield.
And it's honestly kind of hard to tell in the heat of battle which one you need to use
the flashlight on.
But that's OK.
Generally, I always ran very low on batteries.
Their little algorithm for giving you supplies is a little funny.
It took me a while to realize that in Alan's world, you didn't have to light every single
person.
Oh, yeah, you can't.
In Alan's world, it's like there are a bunch of enemies that aren't really enemies.
And then there are enemies that are really enemies.
And so that has some different mechanics and functions to it as well.
But yeah, you have this ability to focus your flashlight that uses a battery.
But now it's sort of an ammunition system where it's like you have five focuses that you
can do.
And so it's just for a short period of time.
It's very set.
And then you shoot them with guns, just like the previous game.
The remedy games are always shooters.
They haven't veered away from that.
And this game controls very much like Resident Evil 4 or even more so the Resident Evil remakes.
You know, I went back and re-listened to our original Alan Wake episode.
And one of the things that we've bitched about a lot was the combat mechanics, right?
Yeah.
Because it's the same thing over and over and over again.
You shine your light, you focus it, so you're squeezing it and going, and eventually you
wear down the barrier and you shoot the guy in the face a couple times and he dies.
That is, they have done something completely different here where, for one thing, as you
said, Brian, the barriers and getting the barriers down is actually optional.
It is much harder to shoot a guy to death while he still has the barrier up, but it is possible
to do.
You also get a wider range of weaponry and there are weak points now where you can reveal
a weak spot and you can shoot that weak spot and that will deal massive damage.
And they don't tend to just throw enemies behind you every single fucking encounter.
The combat is also just so varied because there are actually like different enemy types,
either than just like small little guy and then big guy with hammer.
Yeah.
Right.
You start, or bird.
Remember the birds in the first one?
Oh my God.
Fucking gone in this one.
The dogs in this one are a little out of control because the dogs just kind of zip back and
forth sometimes, but they are not the fucking birds.
Also, if you use your shotgun, you can get rid of a wolf in two and that, you know, that's
fine.
Yeah.
I also went down to story mode and the game is actually pretty generous.
It's not as customizable difficulty as control has where you can nitty gritty go with the
things you don't like and get rid of them if you're like me.
But story mode really does make it so that generally you're not going to be in a whole
lot of trouble outside of boss fights.
After I'd finished playing the game, they just did a patch like maybe last week where
they turned down the jump scares.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So if that's holding you back from playing this game, you can turn them, you can turn
them down so they're not as scary.
I think that they should, they should, they should do a patch that links up with the Spider-Man
games where you can turn off the dark.
Okay.
Yeah.
It's so funny that in all the Marvel Spider-Man games, there is no Spider-Man turn off the dark
suit.
No one's done it.
No one's done it.
I think that's a misanalyse.
And the fucking Spider-Verse movies have made no reference to it.
And honestly, that's obscene.
Come on guys.
Okay.
I wonder if it's a rights issue.
I wonder if it's one of those things where like Julie Taymor controls some piece of the
IP or it's in like Jeffrey Epstein's estate somehow.
Oh my God.
Give me Julie Taymor Spider-Man suit.
I bet we could call up Reeve Carney and he's got like one or two in a closet somewhere.
So, but it's funny because like when Reeve Carney calls you on the phone though, your phone,
even if you haven't set a ringtone, even if you have it set to vibrate, it'll just like
start going, wait for me.
I'm calling your cell phone.
No, this has something to do with Spider-Man.
We've now reached a point where so Nightingale has escaped.
He's on the loose and you got to go catch him.
You basically like blast him with your light and you shoot him a couple of times and he
also disappears.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think this game gives you a couple of false impressions because your first round of combat
is against a boss.
So the next time you get into combat, you think that the stakes are going to be a little bit
different from what they are.
So I just say, if you're playing the game, just understand that like the stakes might not
necessarily be as high in your second encounter than they are in your very first.
That's true because you're going to get your second encounter pretty quickly.
Right.
Saga has to go and follow Nightingale back down to the lake.
Yeah.
And down by the lake, there's something called an overlap.
This is another very important narrative concept in this game that in the places that are particularly
saturated with the dark presence, which are also oftentimes the places where you will find
the most pages that Alan Wake has written.
Yeah.
There is sort of this weird looping thing that happens where you will go into an area
and then it will sort of turn back on itself over and over again.
And you just have to go deeper down into this loop.
It does kind of a PT thing in a way that I generally don't like with one major exception
towards the end.
You're basically going through the same areas over and over again.
And then it's just like little changes here or there.
I understand that PT.
I think the cool thing about PT was that it like stayed exactly the same.
Well, and PT was there because it was designed that way because they wanted it to be so obtuse
that people couldn't figure it out for a while.
You know, it's the entire world that you're playing against there.
But this is a game that's designed for, you know, just you, the player.
And I found these sections to be just a little too gooey, mushy for me.
I don't know because I was already getting lost plenty.
I think the woods especially are very easy.
They just wind a lot and you don't really have a lot of landmarks.
Amstruse?
I would if I knew what that meant.
I didn't go to college like you.
Isn't that like a reddish blue color?
I hate you both so much.
No, Amstruse.
Like, you know, it's overly complicated for no good reason.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't think it's necessary.
Maybe.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Because I try not to like judge things too much on if I get lost because I'm just particularly
bad at keeping my bearings in the same way that I try not to judge combat in a lot of
games except for control because it just has so much.
The point of it too on some level I think is that it is, it's kind of trying to make
you feel lost.
Yeah.
No, I mean, the first time I went through the tree and then went back through the tree
again, I was like, wait, what the fuck is going on?
And then realized it was an intentional game design decision.
And that was actually kind of neat.
Yeah.
It's just that they do these things a few times and it gets a little long in the tooth.
Yeah.
But you do fight Nightingale in this overlap.
He's not too, too tough, which I also really appreciate.
This is the moment I changed my difficulty setting.
I was going to say, I don't know.
So you're fighting on these pathways.
It's very narrow paths.
And I just didn't understand what the game wanted me to do to avoid getting just hit all
the time.
Push the dodge button.
When you fight him that first time, I didn't realize that I was supposed to shoot him and
then he would vanish.
And then that was what I was supposed to be doing.
I thought I was supposed to sort of outrun him at first.
I thought that if I went to the exact path through that, he wouldn't get me.
That's what I thought, too.
Yeah.
But I also think that that's a game design decision.
Like they are they are trying to mess with you a little bit because I'm OK with that.
I think I wouldn't say that I had fun with this boss battle, nor did it lose me entirely.
It was more one of those things where I was like the mechanics in general, I found with
the bosses that the mechanics that they built didn't quite align with a true boss battle.
I played the Resident Evil 4 remake and that game was so fucking hard to me.
Like I could not get through it.
And I was watching people like get through it like really, really quickly.
And I'm like, am I just really bad at this game?
And then you realize that like you are supposed to be like very bad at that game for a very
long time.
And then the joy of it is that in subsequent runs, you get these things like these giant
like Tommy guns.
See, but that's bullshit.
I'm sorry.
But like, oh, I don't think.
I think that I think there's joy in that.
I think it makes you feel like a goddamn god.
I don't really.
I don't really appreciate a game that makes me play it more than once to be like, oh,
no, this is the real experience.
No, go fuck yourself.
What's not the real experience?
But it is like a real experience should happen in the first playthrough.
Like if you want me to do more stuff, then put more stuff in there.
You know, like I was like hearing that about Star.
I also just get resentful, especially if the game is especially long, which Alan Wake 2 is
not it's much longer than previous Remedy games, but it's not a super long game.
Like it doesn't feel long either, which is nice.
It's not long like Baldur's Gate or something where it's like it's maybe like 15 or 20 hours
depending on how you play it.
But it does not feel that.
Yeah, it's like I don't know.
I'm already committing a lot of fucking time to a fucking video game like a child.
Why should I do it again and commit all of that time again?
At least I get paid for these.
I think one of the reasons why Alan Wake 2 doesn't feel as long as it is is because you
are constantly choosing what you want to accomplish and what you want to do.
And you get to follow your own fun in a way that's never happened for me in a Remedy game.
Alan Wake has all these side puzzles that you mostly don't even intersect with.
They're not even along the path.
They are way off to the side and the game is like, by the way, there's some side puzzles
you can access now or you can just keep going because they're not going to give you a whole
lot other than the satisfaction of solving a puzzle, which is really fucking neat.
And I did all of them because I was just having fun with them.
Yeah.
And they give you little rewards because it fleshes out the worlds of the character and
it solves some mysteries that are perhaps in the background.
And honestly, I solved all the cult boxes because at least they gave me ammo because the game
is pretty stingy on that when you get into the higher difficulty.
And for one of them, you have to do algebra.
That was so cool.
I loved it.
That was so cool.
Dude, the algebra puzzle.
OK, we weren't going to talk about the cult boxes yet, but let's just talk about them real
quick.
We're such fucking nerds.
Throughout the woods, there are a variety of stashes that have been placed by the cult
of the tree.
This is the same cult that killed Nightingale at the beginning of the game, right?
Deer masks.
Deer mask guys.
And these boxes exist so that the cult can replenish supplies as needed.
Yeah.
Later on, we'll talk a bit about why they exist in the lore of the game.
But basically, the gist of it is in order to open it, there is generally some sort of
a lock and you have to put something into the lock.
It can be a number.
It can be a combination.
It can be a little Simon Says thing.
Yep.
One of them is like, yes, there is a bicycle factory that is also a truck factory and there
are this many tires.
What's so good about it, too, is that it lampshades it when you open up the box, too.
It's like, why is there a fucking algebra problem in this?
Think about how we would have been singing the praises of Max Payne, too, if it was just
an algebra game.
Oh, my God.
Truly.
You know what?
We're all just longing for math blasters.
I guess so.
I can't even think about the last time I did algebra as complex as that since high school.
Right?
Truly, yeah.
And so it was really fun to dust.
I kind of wished that I had been streaming it in that moment to just be on the spot
and be like, can I figure this out?
We'll see.
Whether you take advantage of those puzzles or not, the game is going to end up getting
you back to sort of the main story path, right?
And after Saga defeats Nightingale and the other Taken within this overlap, we have a big,
big, big cutscene cinematic moment where somebody washes up on the shore of the lake.
Oh!
Are you okay?
No!
It's my fault!
It got out with my face!
Scratch!
Sir, calm down.
I'm going to need you to take a breath.
He's chased the story.
The dark presence.
We must stop it before...
Easy now.
First things first.
What's your name?
My name is Alan Wake.
I'm a writer.
Yes!
Yes!
There's going to be a couple more moments of these where they go back to the iconography
of the original game.
And of Max Payne.
And of Max Payne.
Where I was leaping to my feet and hooting horn like I lost my goddamn mind.
And I think what's funny about this Alan Wake, and I think the thing as a character that saves
him for me in this one is that they allow him to be a little bit more human in like very small and subtle ways.
Like when he's in shock on the beach, he says, my name is Alan Wake.
Like, I'm a writer and you actually feel emotion in it as opposed to, my name is Alan Wake.
I'm a writer.
Right?
This very controlled guy who has...
He spent 13 years in the dark place.
So like, he has become unhinsted.
And I think that's a strong choice too, to like have that be the opening line.
Not just because he said the thing, which, you know, he said the thing.
He did say the thing.
But yeah, it's also like it makes sense that in this moment, what would he have to hold on to?
It's just that.
Yeah.
My name is Alan Wake.
I'm a writer is the one thing that he knows about himself.
And as we'll learn throughout this, the game finally admits that he's a bad one or at least
a mediocre writer, which is fascinating because the first game went out of its way to try to
convince you that this guy was an actually honest to God, good writer.
It's so remarkable that a game that is called Alan Wake 2 takes a hard look at its character
and reexamines it in much the same way that they reexamined Kratos for God of War.
Like it genuinely seems to be taking a clear eyed vision of its protagonist.
And it's so fucking refreshing.
And one really interesting way that it does that is in the scene directly following Alan's discovery,
the discovery of Alan at the lake.
Right.
Yeah.
That they all go back to town.
Saga and Casey are interrogating Alan and he is completely fucking incoherent.
What we realize then in this moment is that the only way that we're going to be able to
move forward is by entering Alan's memories.
And so the game does that.
Once again, really strong choice.
We see what it looks like externally.
Alan, the character, the guy versus what is going on inside Alan's own head.
And we go right back into his memories.
And now we're right back there in that attic from the first game at the fucking typewriter.
Yes.
He has to do a new draft.
So basically when we enter into the dark place, Alan is trapped in a loop.
Well, we find out it's not a loop later.
But right now we are in a loop.
It is just a loop.
It is a loop in a lake.
Basically, Alan is trying to write his way out of the dark place because we know that
his writing has supernatural powers.
He thinks that if he just writes the perfect novel, he will be able to escape his prison
underneath the lake.
And by the way, he's wrong.
And I think the game makes it pretty clear from the jump that he's wrong, that solving
this problem is going to need to be bigger than just his own, you know, solipsistic musing.
Yes.
Which, whereas the first game was trapped in those solipsistic musings and felt defined
by them.
This one is taking a completely different approach.
It's like, OK, first game is all about writer's block, right?
It's about the horrors of writer's block and what to do when you feel like you cannot write
anymore, but you are Alan Wake and you are a writer.
The second game is about the horrors of the complete opposite, which is what happens when
you're stuck in endless drafts.
What if you're writing too much?
Yeah.
What if you are writing too much, perhaps trying to make a video game over the course
of 13 years?
And so Alan is drifting between these two realities of him writing at these very first
points where we see the dark place between him writing and then him watching himself
on TV, having already written the book going in and onto a talk show.
Yes.
Posted by Worland door.
No relation to Martin Hatch from Quantum Break.
No, because because the actor died.
The actor died.
We have a new actor now.
This first talk show segment is really, really fun.
This is where you really get the sense of just how much fun everyone writing this game
is having.
Yes, because just to frame this up, I pulled a clip.
This is the talk show in between with Mr.
Door hosted by the titular Mr.
Door.
And this is a promotional hit that Alan is doing for a new movie.
This movie is, of course, based on his Alex Casey detective novels and appearing on the
couch alongside him is the actor playing Alex Casey.
And that actor is Sam Lake.
Yes.
Sam Lake, the actor.
And so, of course, so you have Sam Lake, the actor whose face we've already seen in
this game as Alex Casey, the video game character, not movie character.
Right.
Right.
And you have this is all live action.
So Ilkavili, the the model for Alan Wake's face, just as Sam Lake was the model for Max
Payne's face in Max Payne one and two Ilkavili is there in person.
But of course, he is not the voice of Alan Wake.
Matthew Perretta is the voice of Alan Wake.
And so we're hearing his voice dubbed in where Sam Lake is just Sam Lake.
And David Harewood is Worland door is is also providing his own voice doing an American
accent because he is also British.
Welcome back to the show.
So, Alan, as the creator of the character, how do you feel about this?
Sorry, what?
I know it can be an awkward question with the man sitting right next to you.
But I mean, how do you feel about him in the role of Casey?
Does he look the part to you?
He does the face that he did in Max Payne.
He looks exactly like I always imagined Casey to be.
It's uncanny.
Fucking applause.
He does claps.
Thank you.
That means so much to me.
I'm a huge fan of your books.
So, uh, what's the problem, Alan?
Because on more than one occasion, you voiced your reservations about the adaptations.
Ah, it's not that.
They're their own thing.
They've gone with choices that are different from mine.
I feel protective about my stories and these adaptations.
I don't know.
I guess I just wish I could have been more involved in making them.
You'll remember earlier in the episode that we talked a bit about Max Payne 3 and the fact that Rockstar and Sam and Dan Houser basically took Sam Lake's baby away from him.
Yep.
And made it into something fairly different.
This book is book three in a trilogy.
It also gets compared to Warland or compares it to the Matrix.
And of course, Max Payne is a game where you go into bullet time like in the Matrix.
And what's so funny is that all of this is once you like spell it out, it's like it's very clear, right?
What the one to one is.
But it never feels overbearing.
Do you know what I mean?
If you're a new player, if you don't know about the history of this stuff, this is just going to exist in the world of this game.
It never feels like, oh, aren't we clever for like pointing out our own history.
Because it's also it is diegetic.
Like it makes sense in the context of the game as well.
But it's doing more than that.
And it's also so real, right?
It does what great art does, which is that it's like Sam Lake is dealing with this very real feeling and he's putting it into the game and like making it one step removed.
And it's what makes this game feel so personal.
And also it makes it shine.
And Sam Lake is making himself his own face as the symbol for sort of the bastardization of whatever this property is and the need to get over it.
Because he's putting those words into Ilkavili's mouth or Matthew Perretta's mouth.
Ilkavili's face and Matthew Perretta's mouth.
It's both their mouths, but you hear one and see the other.
Right.
And what's so funny is that at the core of Alan Wake is this doubling.
Yeah.
Right.
There are so many doubles in this game.
There is Alan Wake and his evil doppelganger, Mr. Scratch.
Right.
But at the core of the character, there are two people.
He's terrorizing Wee Britain.
But the character himself of Alan Wake is voiced by two separate is performed by two separate people.
And it's almost as I haven't quite cracked what like the deeper like theme is for the game here.
Right.
What what it means to.
And that's what I think is so good about it is that it's not it's maybe there isn't a very simple through line other than just letting you hear the dissonance.
Yeah.
You know, letting those sound waves crash against each other in a way.
And even just using that example of the trilogy, putting this back into the diegesis, Alan Wake is like, oh, I haven't written the third book.
I'm still writing it.
This must be my bad twins book.
This must be Rockstar's game.
This thing is bad because someone else is doing it.
It's got nothing to do with me at all.
Alan, as we know, is a character who has a pretty big ego.
Right.
He's Alan Wake.
He's a writer like that.
He's got a cardboard cutout.
Yeah.
You are seeing those dark parts of Alan sort of show themselves.
But there's also a little bit of reflectiveness and humility here, too.
Like, I love the delivery of I just wish I could have been involved.
There's sort of a sensitivity to it, and I can tell that that was specifically directed for a specific purpose.
There's so much here, too, about like creative intent versus commercial success, because Sam Blake is the rare guy in video games who has managed to consistently deliver commercial success while staying pretty true to his own sort of creative vision.
Yeah.
Right.
Without getting caught up too much in the politics of it.
It's not like a Hideo Kojima situation where, like, you know, he's had to fucking leave an entire the company that like made his bones for him.
Yeah.
Really messy divorce there.
Sam Blake has not had to go through that with Remedy because he has been able to keep doing what he's wanted to do.
It's particularly interesting considering that right now Remedy is developing the Max Payne one and two remakes.
But Rockstar is the publisher.
They're going to have final sign off on what that game looks like.
Wow.
Although if we know anything about Rockstar and its remakes, they're probably not going to sign.
They'll sign off on whatever.
I mean, if the GTA remakes were any indication.
Jesus.
It is rubber stamp.
Does it turn on?
We're good.
Does it not turn on?
Eh, fuck it.
They'll figure it out.
We got modest.
This is a big question.
This is an open question, right?
Like how much can your creative vision ultimately be fulfilled within the constraints of the capitalist imagination and the capitalist landscape?
Because we're seeing this now, too, with so many video game publishers, all of these layoffs that are going on.
There's nobody who's going to be more aware of these creative tensions than these developers.
Yeah.
And it's making a meta commentary on it in a way that I don't think I've ever seen any other video game do ever.
And the game does point out to you.
It turns out to the camera and says, that's so meta, like it's that's so Raven, a catchphrase like nine or ten times, which is, I think, very charming and sweet.
But I think what's interesting, Josh, is that I agree with you.
It absolutely poses that question.
But I also think it answers it.
And we'll get to that at the end, like sort of how this whole thing culminates.
But for right now, we're all of a sudden in this talk show studio and we're alone.
Yeah, because that whole sequence that we just listened to, that is fully FMV, right?
Just straight up a video recording.
Now we're back in the 3D rendered environment.
We are in Mr. Door's studio.
It is dark.
It is abandoned.
Alan finds a light bulb in this light bulb is a special tool that can suck a light off.
And by sucking the light off, you then have that light in your pocket.
It's a Zelda item.
Pretty much.
Yes, it is.
Zelda dungeon is a really good way of thinking about the logic of Alan Wake's side of this game.
A lot of it is going to be navigating through environments that are kind of confusing, that require a specific combination of items to unlock and rearrange in a different way.
When you suck the light off, it goes into your pocket.
You can go over to another light and you can suck that light on.
Blow it on.
You blow it on.
You blow the light.
It changes the environment around you every time that happens.
Usually what this means is that a door closes behind you when you take the light away and then a door opens if you bring the light back.
A door?
Mister?
But in order to get this light sucker, you are pointed in that direction by a mysterious janitor.
Yeah, a man named Ati.
Ati the janitor, who is the first character you run into in Control.
When you're walking around in the empty hallways of the Federal Bureau of Control at the beginning of that game, you run into Ati the janitor, who is sort of a Tom Bombadil figure.
He's someone who seems to know everything that's going on and he's comfortable with it, but he's not going to help you in any way.
I mean, he'll offer some moral support, but that's it.
He speaks in riddles a lot of the time and then half translated, half untranslated.
I don't think they're riddles so much as he's trying to give you a common saying that will encourage you, but it's translated weirdly from his Finnish brain.
Right.
Yeah, yeah.
Which is a fun choice.
He speaks in a very similar way, I think, to the board in Control, which is this hovering triangle that delivers out prophecies.
And when the board speaks, it gives different synonyms.
Yeah, there are these sort of superpositions where one word could be one of two definitions at the same time.
Yeah, and it seems like Ati is going through a similar sort of brain thing.
And when I first encountered him, I was terrified because this was a very creepy janitor who was whistling and speaking in riddles.
But the game goes out of its way in both Control and Alan Wake 2 to have characters say, that Ati's so charming.
I think I can trust him.
And I'm like, can you?
Maybe.
Hard to say.
But yes, Ati helps you basically navigate this darkened studio.
He gives you a couple tips about the light.
And eventually you make it out onto the street into Alan's dark place.
Which is Max Payne.
It's Max Payne.
Welcome to Max Payne.
You've got a payphone ringing on the street corner and somehow you know it's for you.
You're in New York City.
It's just Max Payne.
I loved, loved, loved the little scenic touches.
Like it was clear that whoever designed these levels loves New York City.
Yeah.
Because Mr. Doerr's studio is a perfect 50-50 sort of mashup of Radio City Music Hall and
the Ed Sullivan Theater, which is where they shoot Colbert.
Yeah.
It's got both of the marquees at once.
And that was so cool to me.
I was like, thank you.
And similarly, what you end up having to do after you pick up the phone is go down and
use your magic light thing to get into the subway.
And the subway signage has been copiously lovingly translated.
And it says things like, stop writing Avenue.
Right.
And don't write.
And you're just like, I love this game.
I love that they hit it with such a mallet.
And it's a thing.
A lot of things get wrong.
Like a lot of media gets subway stuff wrong.
And that's because everything films in Toronto.
The other big game mechanic that we encounter here is that Alan, when he is standing in an
area that provides him with some sort of inspiration for his story, he is able to then rewrite
those areas in the attic, which you can go back to much like Saga can go back to her
mind place at any time.
Alan can go back to the attic with the typewriter at any time.
And then he can rearrange the level to sort of fit the new plot, which will then unlock
new areas, unlock new plot points.
That's all fairly obtuse.
You don't, you can't predict the cause and effect of any of it until you just do it for
every single room.
And I didn't mind that.
Did you?
I kind of did.
Yeah.
I wanted to feel like I was solving a puzzle and instead I just felt like I was doing inputs.
Sure.
And especially because I also wanted to enjoy the extra content of going back to a previous
area with certain plot points that you've gained.
And most of the time it's just a waste.
It doesn't really do anything for you.
It's like it'll look a little different.
Maybe you'll get an echo, but you're not going to.
Every once in a while I got a nice little insight into this or that.
Like there's one point in the subway tunnel where in one of the things that gives you
otherwise nothing, you get a big yellow reflective paint of like the tree of Yggdrasil.
But that's about it.
It's funny you say that because I actually, I did find switching between them to be satisfying
enough just even for the slight cosmetic changes because this game looks so good that I was
just like, it's so cool to just see this one tunnel in this different lighting.
Especially that red lighting.
That red lighting looks so good.
It's fucking incredible.
And I will say too, like this is, we haven't really talked about this yet.
This is one of the most technically impressive games I have ever played.
The sound design is extraordinary.
Make sure to wear headphones because that will really allow you to appreciate the texture
of it.
Especially I'm sure on, on PC with ray tracing.
The thing is my PC can't, I don't have an NVIDIA card and you kind of need an NVIDIA
card to do the full ray tracing.
But even with the pre-rendered lighting effects, if you crank the settings all the way up and
you do it in 4K with HDR, Jesus Christ, this game is beautiful.
I, oh my God.
Not having ray tracing, playing on PS5 is still very, very gorgeous.
The only thing is that sometimes the interiors are kind of sparkly.
So Alan meets Alex Casey, the real one.
Yeah.
Right.
And he's just Max Payne.
Yeah.
Like straight up.
It's Sam Lake's face.
He's wearing the horrible, ugly tie and everything.
And Alex Casey pretty promptly fucking dies.
Yeah.
He gets shot off screen by some hooligans.
So Alan picks up his gun and his flashlight and now he is ready.
We're back in business.
I mean, it's, it's Alan Wake.
I'm Alan Wake.
I'm a flasher.
We do some wandering.
Alan finds Saga in the overlap.
So when you clear out the subway, you don't get boss fights, but you do get some points
where like the combat really picks up and you do get some encounters with like the dark
force that you just run away from.
Yeah.
And when you get to the, his part of the overlap and Saga's parts of the overlap, you will
see this super imposition of the other area.
So you'll be walking through this big subterranean tunnel.
It's so cool.
And you'll see all of the trees around you kind of at half transparency.
And it's, it's fucking gorgeous.
And you come across the dead body of Nightingale once more.
It was at this point that I realized looking at this gray dead thing with, you know, it's
a missing heart, but it reminds me a lot of major Briggs's corpse in Twin Peaks.
The return, the headless core.
You see the heart, the heart disappears and it goes back top side and you start to get
a little sense of how your flashbacks are lining up with what Saga has been doing and
will be doing because time is a little funky here.
It sure is.
And the thing about the Twin Peaks stuff in this game, whereas the first game relied on
Twin Peaks to dictate what it was.
Yeah, it was just references, you know, it was just like this game utilizes Twin Peaks when
in service of its own story.
Yes.
Like when it needs it, it can throw in something cool, but then it backs off because it's so
confident.
This is one of the most confident video games I've ever played.
And it takes so many fucking wild swings that to have that sort of confidence is just really
unheard of in a triple A game like this.
Right.
This is this is not a game that feels like it's been noted to death.
It feels like Sam Lee got all of his like closest collaborators in a room together and
they all threw out what they thought would be cool.
And they put all of that in a game.
And the fact that it all coheres, it's remarkable.
It is.
It is a remarkable achievement of video game design.
Yeah.
Another piece that gets pulled in is Alice.
Hey, remember Alice?
Alan's wife.
Well, she's here, too.
She's in the dark place.
She's been recast.
She's one of the people who got recast.
So what we learn here is that Alice has been continuing to live her life in real New York.
Right.
She went back from Bright Falls back home and we are seeing pieces of what she has been
doing in the dark place version of their apartment.
She's been working on a documentary.
She's been writing about like what these experiences have been like for her.
Taking photographs of the elevator.
And we learn that there is an evil Alan out and about called Scratch.
From what we understand, Scratch has been up to a couple of things.
There is a cult, apparently, that has been built up in real New York that are following
the disappearance of Alan Wake and that he, Mr. Scratch, has come back as sort of like
the leader of this cult and has been committing some pretty violent murders.
Just like evil Coop the Tulpa in Twin Peaks.
We will learn in the second half how Alan's dark New York sort of overlapped with the real
one and this horrible Mr. Scratch and his evil cult, as well as how that mirrors the events
going on in Bright Falls with the cult of the tree.
Right after this.
Welcome to the Hydraulic Press Channel.
Today we have a package that we received in posty last week from Alan in Washington.
Now we will open box and see what is inside.
First we have book.
Who is...
Oh it is by Alan.
Looks good.
What else is in this box?
Hmm.
This is strange.
It is small switch.
Maybe 12 cm long.
No markings on sides or front.
It has been cut out from lamp maybe.
If we click it.
What the fuck?
This is no good.
Thank you Alan for sending us piece of shit clicker.
That does not work.
Is there anything else in this box?
Oh.
Here we have a letter.
I will try to read this letter.
My name is Alan Wake.
Wake.
I am a writer.
Please read this very carefully as I do not have much time.
Enclosed in this package you will find two items.
The first is a hardcover copy of my most recent novel.
A trilling page turner set in scenic Bright Falls, Washington.
Return is the long awaited latest entry in the New York Times bestselling Alex Casey detective series.
I have autographed the book if you desire to keep it.
However, please feel free to press it as I know that paper has dynamic and violent properties when subjected to sufficient pressure.
Thus, it should make for good content for your channel and equally good promotion for my novel.
The second item is of much greater sentimental value.
When I was a child, my mother gave me this clicker.
She knew that at night I would see visions of terrifying monsters.
I needed only click the switch to make them go away.
It worked perfectly.
Until one horrible day.
I was merely eight years old when my mother took me on a tour of a windshield wiper manufacturing facility in Richland.
I looked on in awe.
Each blade precision crafted forged under thousands of pounds per square inch of pure hydraulic pressure.
I suddenly felt an urge.
I needed a windshield wiper for myself.
So I jumped onto the factory floor and ran toward a press.
My mother ran after me at top speed.
A mysterious janitor had mere moments before mopped the floor, thus committing an OSHA violation.
My mother slipped on the slick floor and fell forward onto the press.
Her head smushed like a tiny grape.
Sometimes I eat grapes and imagine they're my mother going all smushy smushy in my mouth.
I don't often eat grapes.
From that day on, the clicker no longer worked.
I send it to you now for your safekeeping.
Do as you will with it.
I only ask that you not destroy it.
Sincerely, Alan Wake, the writer.
P.S.
I love you.
So, um, this is some kind of switch that you can flip when you're having the bad dreams and the darkness.
And you can't die.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
But there is one more thing in this box.
What the fuck?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Stop, stop, stop, stop.
Stop, stop, stop.
Stop, stop.
Stop, stop.
Stop, stop.
The clicker is dangerous and may attack at any time.
So, we must deal with it.
Oh, neighbors are nude again.
Sorry.
What?
For them.
When we record remotely, I sit next to my window and I have a neighbor who really likes to
flop his hangus around.
It's actually, yeah, when Alan Wake looks through the two round windows from his writer's room
attic.
One, he can see a penis.
The other, he can see a vagina.
Perfect.
Sort of like the happy and sad masks that you have in the theater.
Oh, in the drama.
Yes, yes.
Very good.
And you know the twist?
Alan Wake also not wearing bottoms in the attic.
Like just fully flat flopping that hangus.
I did like bottoms in the attic.
I thought it was a kind of a veering from what V.C.
Andrews usually did her writing.
I don't even know what this is a reference to.
Okay.
Flowers in the attic, which is a famous book about two siblings who do each other.
That is a highbrow literary reference.
It is not highbrow.
Speaking of highbrow literature.
It's not highbrow at all.
It's like Danielle Steele.
Alan Wake too.
Yes, a very highbrow game.
No, we're back.
And the last bit that we talked about was, I just want to point this up here.
Chapters one through three of Initiation.
Initiation is the name of Alan's story, basically.
It's his second novel.
The first was Departure, and then it was Initiation, and the final will be Return.
And Return, as it turns out, is the name of Saga's arc.
What?
Whoa.
Oh!
From here on, you can play Saga or Alan's chapters in whatever order you want.
There's a mechanic where there's a mop bucket that just exists in a few different locations
around both worlds, and if you find said mop bucket, you can look down into the water,
and you will be transferred from one side of the story to the other.
I was really starting to get sick of Alan at this point in the game, so I went back to
Saga's story, and that's the order that we're going to sort of recap it here.
We're just going to do Return 3 through 6 right in order, and then we'll go back to Initiation.
Did you not alternate between Saga and Alan?
I don't remember if I did or not.
It makes the most sense to alternate.
It's kind of a weird choice, because it's like, oh, you can freely go between one and
the other, like you're playing a double fine game or something, but it's not really.
Like, most of the places when you're deep into a level, you'd have to, like, walk out and
go all the way back into town or something to make it happen.
Usually the way that it works is that, like, you will complete a chapter, and then it'll be
the next chapter, and pretty soon in that chapter, you will come across a mop bucket.
Exactly, yeah.
And most of the time, yeah, when it presented me with that bucket, I jumped back in again.
But again, for the sake of just clarity here, we're going to outline these separately.
So Return continues with Saga and her sort of main super objective, right?
She needs to find something called the clicker.
Now, we just heard a fair bit about the clicker.
You make sure it did.
In that delightful little interstitial.
And I only was joking a little bit when I wrote that.
Like, I pretty much was, other than the piece about, you know, the horrible hydraulic press
accident.
Which is real.
That happened.
No, everything else about that is straight up the plot from the original Alan Wade.
Yeah.
Right?
Alan's mom gave him this little light switch because when he was too scared of the guys
in the dark, he could click it and it would make them go away.
How nice.
And the light switch is not something that has ever existed in America at any point in
time.
I've never seen a lamp with that kind of switch on it.
Oh, really?
Oh, I had one.
I'm so sorry.
You had one with a switch that looked?
No, no, no, no.
I've had lamps with switches.
I've never seen a lamp with that particular switch.
And I disagree that you had one.
I had that lamp as a child.
I don't believe you at all.
What are you talking about?
You are Finnish.
You grew up in Helsinki.
Ray Allen Wake has rewritten your childhood memories.
Yes.
It's a weird ass switch.
And it's apparently, this is a testament to just how sentimental Sam Lake is.
This is a switch that he had as a child that he got from some like junk dealer in
Finland as like a present.
No, my life hasn't been rewritten.
My Canadian child absolutely drowned in poutine.
But this clicker was used because it wards off the darkness and because fiction has meaning
at this lake.
That means that the meaning he imbued into it as a child is how he defeated the old Victorian
woman in the first game.
She didn't have a heart, so he stuck it in her heart cavity and flipped the switch and
she turned into a big ball of light and disappeared.
And it should be noted, that's what the cult was trying to do at the beginning of the game.
Yeah.
Remember how we had spoilers for fucking Alan Wake too.
It turns out the cult isn't making monsters.
The cult is trying to expel them using the way that they know how.
Saga's journey for the clicker takes her to this place called Watery.
Yes.
Which is 100% a town in Finland and in no way a town in Washington State.
Not even a little bit.
We talked about this a long time ago, how Sam Lake is the average Finnish man.
And every game that he has made has been about America.
The average Finnish man.
And every once in a while, yeah, you can get these really good stories about America from
people who have never been there or from people who are just somehow on the outside.
Sam Lake doesn't have that.
He actually needs to be writing about Finland because he is the world's most Finnish man.
And we all know you can't be in two states at once.
No.
No, you can't.
You can't.
It doesn't matter whether you're an average New Mexican man or an average Finnish man.
The moment you cross that border, it's something different.
Your voice is going to drop three octaves.
So what Sam Lake realized is like he needs to be writing about Finland more.
Otti was a big hit.
And so he's just going to make a town that's just a town in Washington that is all Finnish.
It's and he really leans into how goofy this is.
And it's to his benefit.
I think that Sam Lake as a writer is most effective when he is just leaning fully into
camp that he truly knows.
I think that it becomes a problem when he starts to lean too much into pastiche and he
assumes that his own knowledge of whatever the thing is, is going to translate over into,
you know, a reasonable facsimile of the real thing.
Instead, well, just as an example, we've got these guys named Yako and Ilmo and the Coskolas are the Coskola brothers.
And they run a theme park called Coffee World.
They have many business.
Oh, many, many business ventures.
So many business ventures.
Tom and Tom goes to the mayor.
They have so many great ideas to bring their community up from the month.
We've got a clip.
Let's just roll it.
Hello, Yako.
Looks like another perfect morning in paradise.
I agree, Ilmo.
A perfect morning for me to drink this coffee I'm holding.
Oh, shit.
This coffee is shit.
Yako, did you just drink a regular brand coffee?
I did.
My perfect morning is ruined.
And all because of your shit coffee.
If only we could have the coffee.
Hey.
What?
What's that sound?
So this derpy little eagle.
It's like a cardboard eagle, which you can find in game, too.
Amazing.
Yeah, you can.
Ilmo, look.
It's the Bright Falls blended organic coffee from Old Deer Diner.
There are multiples of these commercials.
There's so many of them.
And they're all very, very funny.
And it's weird to talk about a remedy game having funny bits that are actually funny.
Actually funny.
I mean, we'll remember.
And again, going back and listening to our episode on the original Alan Wake and just
remembering Barry was enough to send me into a full PTSD flashback.
Oh, God.
But here, Yako and Ilmo are played by one actor in both roles, which I told you guys before
we recorded.
And you guys were like, no, no.
The voice was the same guy, but it was two different guys.
Right.
I really thought they were two different guys.
Right.
I did, too.
It's tremendous.
Until I looked it up.
It's a tremendous performance.
And it's Peter Franzen.
I don't know how to say his name finishly.
Jonathan's brother.
Yes.
Yes.
I got some corrections about that, but go on.
Yeah.
He just plays these two roles so beautifully.
Where, like, Ilmo is the guy who's the go-getter.
He's out there.
He's making a lot of things happen.
He's bringing his community back.
He's making a theme park.
A coffee-themed amusement park with a live moose mascot that ends up dying because they
fed it too much coffee.
Turns out you could kill a moose with too much caffeine.
And Yako is like, he seems maybe from, if you're just listening to it, he seems like
he's unenthusiastic.
Like, he's just going along.
But no, he's just not a very good actor.
So he's saying all the lines as written.
There are some really great lines where he has to, like, read out really long explanations
of things.
But he's always game.
He's just not the ideas man.
He's always going to go with it.
He's not the right guy for the job, but it's the job he got.
So he's going for it.
It's just these two brothers, and they love each other so deeply.
It's one of those things that this feels so remarkably Finnish and so well observed.
There's a point where they're talking about drinking, and they're like, we'll teach
you how to drink the Finnish way.
And they're like, let's get blackout drunk on a boat during midsummer and try not to
drown.
Engage in the old Finnish tradition of drinking on your couch in your underwear with no one
else around.
Yes.
And he says, and my favorite lie of the game is, it's not sad if it's intentional.
This is, by the way, just an open invitation to all of our Finnish listeners.
If you have a boat or, like, whatever, right?
Like, if you want us to come party with you and get really drunk on your boat, like, hit
us up.
We will fully engage in the parasocial relationship for the sake of that cultural experience.
Yeah.
My family is white trash, which means they're basically Scandinavians anyway, even the ones
who aren't Scandinavian.
Like, my great uncle Sid Hendricks died on a boat at the age of 94, just drinking and fishing
and having a heart attack, you know?
Yeah.
I loved his brother Jimmy's music.
I didn't know you came from such a long line of musicians, right?
Giving you a big thumbs down for that one, AJ.
He died on my birthday.
Fun fact about great uncle Sid Hendricks is that was, that's what you called him.
It was never Sid.
It was never uncle Sid.
It was great uncle Sid Hendricks.
It was great uncle Sid Hendricks?
Wow.
And I should say, he's not, he's like my great great uncle and he died before I was born
and all these stories are just passed down to me.
Like the time he shot his son in the foot on purpose.
Whoa, what?
No, no, no.
A little more on that, please.
His son, I guess, was drunk and trying to start a fight with him.
And great uncle Sid Hendricks was just like, okay, if you take another step towards me,
they're in his house.
He's like, I'm going to shoot you in the foot.
And so he took another step towards him and got fucking blasted.
I mean, look, if you're, if you threaten something like that, you have to stand by your word,
don't you?
Like.
You certainly do.
And you know, so many crazy stories out of Louisiana with great uncle Sid Hendricks,
with ain't nervy, with ain't net, with uncle Bub, uncle Shug.
Come on, you're making this up.
Nope.
Ain't net's first name was actually Castle.
She was named after her father.
My great grandfather, Castle.
You're related to Nathan Fillion?
And, and my great grandmother went by big mother and she was four foot nine.
Oh, that's ironic.
That's lovely.
This has been Brian Alfred's ancestors.
But this is like classic Scandinavian self-deprecation.
Yeah.
Because Scandinavians always kind of have this idea of like, well, there's 12 people in our
country.
And so our only real presence is kind of how we relate to other countries, how we're seen
by the outside world.
And so there's always this sort of looking back inwards at yourself.
But like this stuff is so successful and in control to just provide a little bit of contrast
here.
There are also some very funny video sketches, right?
You have the.
Yeah, the puppets.
The puppets.
What are they called?
The threshold kids, which are these creepy, weird, like hideous, but very amusing little
bits that they do.
But control does this weird thing where when you come across media, sometimes story important
media too, you'll see only a little bit of it in game.
And then you have to go to the menu to see the full cut scene.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Which is always very frustrating, which is why sometimes, yeah, you'll get a scene that doesn't
make a whole lot of sense, but it adds a little bit of color.
And then you actually get the full scene.
And a lot of times it's just narration over the silhouettes or something like that here.
They've really committed to like, yeah, if you want to see the commercial on the TV,
we'll show you the entire commercial.
If you want to have full motion video of the talk show, that's just integrated into the
game.
It's all there.
And we'll talk about the most famous integration of it in just a couple of minutes.
But like there is so much more confidence in what they have written and the way that
they want to present it to you this time.
Yeah, and we see continued confidence here in the way that I think these levels are designed,
which is I haven't talked a lot specifically about the level design itself in the way that
it works mechanically.
Yeah.
But I think that the amusement park, just to use an example, is a really sharply designed
level where there are very clear like parts of the level that do different things mechanically.
And there are very clear visual indicators for what is where and why it is there.
And there is an adjacency between the park and other facilities that are used for different
things.
As you navigate around it, also, you learn about the story through the level design, which
I talk about this all the time.
It's why I love immersive sims so much.
I think that the best games are those that use the level design to tell the story.
We learn so much about the Koskala brothers because, like I said, brothers.
You nailed Koskala and then it just carried on.
It just kept going.
The Koskala brothers.
The Koskala brothers.
We must deal with it.
Deal with it?
Hey.
Like we learn in their little amusement park, like just from the gift shop.
Yeah.
All of this stuff about like, what are the operations of this stupid park?
Like, yeah.
What are the weird nicknames for the employees of the boss?
The fact that they like have these and it's a puzzle, but it's also a fun little world
building choice that they have like these little coffee beans that sort of show their
seniority.
I don't know.
Just little things like that.
I love it.
Replaced the dead moose with just a wooden cutout of a moose.
Yes.
With like the big bulging eyes and it's like really tiny.
It's like just done a lot of caffeine and was about to die from cardiac arrest.
And meanwhile, you're so on edge because you're in fucking carnival and you're just
waiting for something to jump out at you.
And they have wolves.
They have these shitty little like coffee pot mascots that are also just wood cut out.
They're just awful.
One of which has a tape on the back that's just cackling the whole time.
Which you end up needing to pull and use in a puzzle.
It just, it all feels so well integrated.
Right.
And there's something that I want to point out the level design too, which is that when
you first enter a level, you're only getting maybe half of it because after you clear an
overlap as saga, uh, when things get closer to the dark place, more water appears as
Ahti says, water is the original balm, right?
It's almost as though the planet is trying to, uh, repair the wound between the worlds
by just flooding it with water.
I don't know how many like independent games Sam Lake plays, but there's of course another
detective game is the sinking city, which is a Lovecraft adaptation.
It's a pretty rough game.
Um, but also pretty fun if you're, if you're kind of on its wavelength, but like, yeah,
you get the same sense of the sinking city where all these things that are around a lake,
that's not really a lake has this tide that's rising and falling.
And I think it also just in another way, it speaks to a lot of reality now is that people
are living in places that are sinking underwater.
This posits a world where you can reverse that, uh, and, uh, go and explore the other
half of the level.
So you'll see a lot of stuff like there's just like a house in the distance.
It's like, well, that's there for set decoration, but no, once the water's clear, you can run
in there and, you know, get eaten by three wolves on the way, but you can get into the house.
I was like, when you solve a puzzle and then it's like, here's a, here's another wolf,
you know, God damn it.
It's a puzzle.
Yeah.
Some other pieces that we learned algebra during this segment.
Once we, you know, clear the situation with the amusement park, uh, we are introduced to
the Anderson brothers.
We will remember them from the original game.
These are the, the rock gods, the old gods of Asgard.
Speaking again to the sentimentality of Sam Lake, Tor and Odin Anderson are characters
from a short film that he made in college.
I love that.
I remember that.
Which is why they show up in Alan Wake.
I think they pissed me off in Alan Wake one.
Cause it's like, they're almost good, but they're not.
And yeah.
And in this, they're actually good.
They're fun.
Yeah.
And it explains why they're Swedish.
I mean, there's a lot of Swedishness in Finland, but they're, they're two Swedish
guys.
The guy who plays Odin was also in Max Payne too.
And then you learn that in fact, Tor Anderson, your saga Anderson, he's your morfar.
He's your mother's father.
Whoa.
Whoa.
How can this be?
How could it be?
Is the story propagating itself in the world?
According to them, you got divorced and kind of stepped away from the FBI and moved to a
trailer park near watery.
Right.
And then your daughter died.
And also you have no idea who these people are.
Cause your mom never had you in contact with any of them.
Also, you don't know who your dad is.
Also, you never actually see your mom in any of this cause she's supposed to be dead.
Huh?
Maybe, maybe she's not real.
Maybe none of them are real or maybe they've become real because of a writer.
But the thing is, is that the Andersons aren't affected by the story.
Like they can remember what the truth is, right?
That the daughter is alive.
And that that's true because they are Andersons.
They have this special power about them that perhaps is divine.
I mean, I don't think it, this is something too that I think is, I like about this game
as opposed to OG Alan Wake.
It doesn't get too precious with like the exact internal logic of all of this.
It just sort of lets it be what it is.
There are things from like the first game too that are just totally tossed out.
There's Alan Wake's American Nightmare being kind of canon, but also kind of not.
Right.
Right.
And, and it, it applies the same approach to its own stuff.
It wants you to sort of live.
Yeah.
In this tension of like, who knows what's real until you get to the point of like, well,
whatever is real is whatever is in front of me right now.
Another thing that will be in front of you as you continue to explore this world is the
cult of the tree, which we talked about.
Turns out Emo and Yakko are actually sort of heading up the cult.
And again, we had mentioned that it turns out that the cult is not a horrible thing that
is killing people.
It is something that is trying to expel the darkness, but she doesn't know this.
So there's dramatic irony going on here.
Uh, and she carries this dramatic irony through to the nursing home and wellness center that
her uncle lives at.
Yeah.
Again, with a very accurate Finnish basement that you have to spend a lot of time in.
And see that the revisions happening because the waitress at the diner is now not a waitress.
She's the lady who runs the old folks home, which is now an old folks home instead of a
mental asylum, which is where Tor and Odin were in the previous game.
And you'll remember from the previous game too, that Tor and Odin, uh, very famously had
a, uh, a battle sequence where they played a heavy metal song and you as Alan Wake fought
off an army of Taken.
And that musical ability, this band that they have is sort of the centerpiece of this
nursing home, right?
You are getting to the bottom of what has happened to Tor because he is in the wellness
center, but no one will tell you why he's in the wellness center.
And it seems to have something to do with a missing record of the old gods of Asgard.
And a lady named Cynthia Weaver.
Now, Cynthia Weaver, another character from OG, uh, Alan Wake, who is once again, completely
recontextual.
Yeah.
She's totally different.
She looks different.
She sounds different.
She is still the lamp lady.
She was the lamp lady and now she is the, she's hainted.
She is a haint.
Yeah.
She's a hainted lady.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, that, that was probably the best scare for me in this game was when you're walking
through the hallway and you see her like staring out the window next to the, the, the water
cooler.
And then she sort of starts to look back at you and then you get one of the jump scare
things.
I was like, aha, they fucking got me.
Yeah.
Because you do that with a lot of the other residents of the place, right?
So you're like lulled in this false sense of security.
It's like, well, there's just a little old lady at the window.
There should be.
No, that's a hate.
That's a hated lady.
That's a hated lady.
Oh, that, that lady hate rat.
And this all ends up paying off in a fight in an overlap against Cynthia Weaver.
Yeah.
This again is, this was just a situation where I felt really frustrated once again, because
I found the boss battles pretty uniformly frustrating.
Yeah.
This is killer croc from a Batman Arkham asylum where you're like, you have to walk a certain
way and not stay in the water too long or she'll eat you.
She will eat you instantly.
If you stay in the water too long.
And you have to get this like generator, but there are two generators that you pass that
work.
And then there's a third generator that you can't really tell isn't the one working, but
you have to activate the generator.
Did you guys stumble around a long time before you figured this out?
I had to look it up.
Yeah.
You had to look it up.
AJ, I got it pretty much mostly because I knew that it was a water puzzle and I had
done the killer croc one.
So it's just like any time there was a piece of like land, I just got up on there.
Yeah.
And it does point you to it eventually.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, I knew the water thing.
I just couldn't figure out where the generator that I was supposed to activate was.
I was in the same boat as you, Brian.
I had to look it up too.
Because it's also like behind a semi broken fence that it kind of looks like you wouldn't be
able to climb past.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I think I found it to be.
I found that part to be pretty OK.
The boss battle itself.
I found to be a little frustrating because she can hit you from anywhere.
The AOE attack is a little bit unfair.
But I again, if you if you had really explored the wellness center, I think that's where you
get the rifle or you get a very specific gun that I found very helpful.
The rifle really in the battle makes quick work.
The rifle plus flares will take her down with relative ease.
But it was still annoying to me that her AOE could hit you from anywhere.
Ultimately, these boss battles are a pretty small mechanical piece of the puzzle.
Yeah.
And they're only saga.
Yeah.
Saga is the only one that fights these bosses.
Alan does not have bosses.
And where this ends up taking us is into sort of the third act where after defeating Cynthia,
you know, we get the clicker back.
We find that the cult is now coming after Alan and the Bureau of Control has also joined in.
Yeah.
And so now it's up to Saga to give the clicker back to Alan.
What a good idea.
Yeah.
Surely nothing bad will happen if Saga gives Alan the clicker, right?
Oh, he does seem very insistent and keeps promising you that there you got to give it
to him because we're running out of time.
Seems on the level.
And of course, he's scratch.
He clicks.
He clicks the clicker.
He kills Yako using his mind and he kills Yako.
Wait, so if he's scratch, then that must mean the Alan stuff we're seeing isn't a flashback.
It's in the present and he's still under the lake.
Oh, oh, dear.
I figured it out, though.
Okay.
Yeah.
Got it all.
Got all my facts in a row.
When Yako died, I was very upset.
Horrible.
Horrible moment because that's like right at the moment that you find out that they're good
guys.
And then Yako is fucked.
And yeah, I think I think the way that Ilmo is written in the next scene is he's a little
too forgiving of you, honestly.
Yes.
Yeah.
But I think the performance saves it.
I think that like he plays in that just devastated register so well.
And I think that in times of overwhelming grief, you respond to things very you may respond
to things in a very unpredictable way.
And he has his eyes on goodness.
He has he's he created this cult, this fake cult.
It turns out in order to defeat the darkness.
He called it.
He called it a cult just because he thought it would be cool to call it.
It'd be very metal.
It's very finished.
It's right.
It's fucking heavy metal.
You get like their notes and stuff where they're like really informal, but they're like, don't
forget to say the chant.
But it also is because the cult of the tree will scare people from going into the woods
at night, which is how you get hinted.
So now that Scratch is on the loose, we return to Alan's world.
Yeah.
So the next thing we see is the musical number, which is so well integrated into the game.
So they've played with music before.
Right.
So in Alan Wake one, you do this big rock concert that sucks fucking dick.
It should be cool.
The song is OK.
It should be cool.
And it's not because you're just having to kill so many enemies, which is an agonizing
process in that game.
Yep.
In control, you play a song from the old gods of Asgard in the cigarette maker.
Which is what's able to unlock it and it gets you through it.
And you're blasting away enemies.
And it has all of these different vamps built into it that you can get to different scenes
and it becomes this giant like space full of doors and everything.
And also should be cool.
But if you were playing it on PlayStation 4, it sucked.
It was very buggy and went down to like one frame a second.
Here it is an integrated video game sequence.
You are playing as Alan Wake walking through this section with all of these things.
screens around sort of like those immersive Van Gogh experiences that were all popping up
a couple of years ago.
Right.
You're walking around on this sort of soundstage space with a bunch of movable light up screens
that are playing this musical that is giving you a summary of Alan Wake 1 that is wisely
leaving out most of the twists that happened in the second act because they're really fucking stupid.
Correct.
So fucking sick.
Let's move.
Let's move.
Let's move.
You have all these chorus members and these like void masks.
There's a real dinkiness to it that's really enjoyable.
Confetti cannon.
Alan Wake screaming into the abyss.
Great things with like alternate shots where like you'll see Alan Wake, Ilkavili dancing
and then you'll have another shot as you're like climbing up a ladder on the next screen
where it's the same thing but he's silhouetted now or you're seeing another angle and if you're
hanging around too long like one of the old gods of Asgard will appear on the screen
and kind of point you forward.
Right.
It felt like a theater piece actually which is you know we'll get to the actual immersive
theater piece in a little bit.
My big take was that the combat was too difficult in this part.
They threw too many guys at you.
You're just supposed to use that flare gun.
No I get it but the flare gun doesn't have enough rounds to defeat all of the guys.
So I think that this is one my experience with this was love the song.
Yeah.
First of all like I'm a big Eurovision guy like this hit all the marks for me.
Seeing Sam Lake do the choreography.
Wonderful.
He's so excited.
He's having the time of his life up there.
Apparently the sequence almost got cut from the game which is no I can't have rioted.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm so glad that they Sam like fought to keep it in.
And he prevailed.
I think that this is one that you need to get through it as quickly as possible for
it to not wear out its welcome.
And I died a couple times and it started me back at the beginning of the song.
And so I ended up being frustrated with it.
Checkpoints in this game are kind of brutal and old school.
Like you end up going.
Yeah you have to make the reason why I changed my difficulty was less the difficulty itself
and more that I didn't want to go back quite that far.
No that's exactly right.
That's just a sort of mechanical tension.
But I think in terms of the actual design of the encounter itself the world building and
what it's doing dramaturgically it really sings.
Again it's like they went into this game just being like how can we have the most fun with
this in terms of not just fun gameplay but fun storytelling.
I was just so impressed by the looping that they were able to do with the song.
Like if you take too long in a particular section you never feel like.
It's pretty seamless.
Yeah.
The game is like skipping and that you are failing.
It's just like the game is waiting for you.
It is taking care of you.
Great.
Compared to the original Alan Wake which felt like it was actively antagonizing you at
every turn.
Yeah.
It's sort of like we talked about Night Trap the very first episode of this game.
Yeah.
Of this podcast.
Of this game.
But like Night Trap has all this great stuff in it but it punishes you for watching it.
Yeah.
Like that's what video game challenge was thought to be back then.
It was like oh yeah you just throw whatever obstacle you can so actually if you're sitting
there and watching the Night Trap song you're gonna miss out on catching the vampires and
you're gonna the timer is gonna run out and be like yeah you fucked it.
And with Alan Wake's first concert sequence you can't see the fun pyrotechnics going because
you're so focused on facing away from the stage and shooting all of all of the dark sided
guys.
And here it's like no here aside from the difficulty of the combat there and I was already on easy
mode when I got to this point.
This really wants you to enjoy the thing that they're giving you.
And yeah I would have just not put any enemies in or had them sort of fade out or something.
Just have a couple guys and then like make your he could just be invincible for the
sequence and it would work just fine.
Which you kind of are in story mode.
Sure.
Well yeah they do give you a lot of flare gun things but I also found that like even when
I was getting frustrated with the combat in that section it was like all the bright lights
around it and seeing the live action actors like you know kind of hamming it up for the
camera.
It felt like I didn't feel scared like I did in the rest of the game.
It just felt like this is like a very fun goofy fun house in a way that I think the next
section that I would like to talk about with Alan the immersive theater show made me physically
fear for my safety.
This was a very spoopy level for me.
Really?
And it was also the point well it was spoopy on two counts because one very very scary
sort of running away from big scary loud thing which which is something that always gets
me.
But two it seemed as though Sam Lake listens to this podcast and was trying to attack us
specifically.
It was like did he know he like googled me and he was like what the fuck.
I was I've been thinking about this honestly I think I messaged you AJ when I got to this
part.
Yeah you did.
Does somebody from Remedy listen to our show?
By the way if you do send us an email worst of all possible worlds at gmail.com and give
Sam our regards.
But let's frame this up here real quick.
Maybe don't play Sam the first two Remedy games.
No exactly.
Just put him on this one.
Maybe just have him listen to this episode.
Yeah just put him on this one where we've talked multiple times about how bad we think
the previous games are.
Brian Brian she's listening now.
Now we know he's listening.
After we conclude Herald of Darkness and Alan has made his way through what is a really I
think fun way to do exposition.
We are back in the dark world of twisted dark scary New York City.
So Alan has to go to the Ocean View Hotel and the reason he has to go there is that some
sort of scary spooky shit has been going down there.
Yeah.
We'll remember that Alex Casey the quote unquote real Alex Casey the detective has been hunting
down clues that are to do with some sort of a ritualistic murder.
Yeah.
And it's also strongly implied that in the real world this has a parallel as well.
Like in the real New York there is a real serial killer of some sort doing real serial
killer things in some sort of an immersive haunt.
Yeah.
To make this even more complicated everything that we're doing in New York is basically
Alan going through different versions of his Alex Casey story that he's trying to write.
So one is in a movie theater one is in a hotel one is in the subway.
And so every time you change those locations you're seeing something that Alex Casey does
while looking on this case.
Who is just Max Payne by the way.
Again just to be very clear.
The top side Alex Casey who's Saga Anderson's partner was working in New York a few years
ago investigating the cult of the word which is a cult of Alan Wake devotees that were making
the crimes happen for real.
Yes.
So we got that out of the way.
It's also like this is one of these things that sounds a lot more complicated than it really
is.
It's just let it be.
And before this point you ran into your construct of Alex Casey and you saw him run off and
then he dies and you watch him die in a pool of blood.
And then here when you're on your way you run into him again and then you kill him.
Right.
And this I just mentioned this because this doesn't come up again.
I was kind of waiting for like another beat to this.
You're killing Alex Casey over and over again in the dark world.
Your creation Alex Casey but it just has you do this twice.
There's only two Max Payne games.
Hey.
I mean I think it is.
I think that's a piece of it.
Right.
I think that this is maybe this is Sam Lake that again might be me.
But I think it is a little bit the idea of like reckoning with this character.
Yeah.
Right.
And he's saying you know what.
Fuck it.
I'm going to kill.
I'm going to kill sort of my inner conflict with this thing and just let it be what it
is.
Like this is on some level a statement about the act of authorship.
I really think it is.
Yeah.
And about letting go of your character.
Yeah.
Because this whole thing is about three different versions of Alex Casey.
Right.
Of Max Payne.
It is about Alan Wake rewriting it three different times in order to try and make the version that
will let him escape his torment.
Right.
It is interesting that we do get the third beat of this in the movie theater where it
is like what his version maybe of Max Payne three would have been.
But it is an ultimate letting go of Alex Casey.
And we'll talk about that more when we get to the movie theater because there's a very
telling scene in it that involves Sam Lake that I think has a lot of resonance with this.
But from the meantime we're we're going to sleep no more.
Yeah.
We are.
I mean let's just just roll the fucking clip Brian.
So you were the director of this play?
Yeah.
That's me.
Our performance of the cult was cursed from the pre-show ritual on.
The cult is an immersive theatrical experience.
Oh.
Uh huh.
You're going to have to walk me through.
I've got a podcast for you Alex.
A play where the audience can participate spread across this hotel.
So I had to go for a walk after this.
And so you realize you're like oh we got to sleep no more in January.
And I had beaten the game in early January.
And I'm like you all should play Alan Wake 2.
You really have to play Alan Wake 2.
Well you kept telling me that there was an immersive theater thing.
And then I was like I played through the musical number.
And I was like oh so that's the immersive theater thing.
Because it's like immersive Van Gogh.
I get it.
I get it.
And then like wait hold on.
And so the cult is an adaptation of a cursed play of some kind.
Just like Sleep No More is an adaptation of the cursed play Macbeth.
However what the cult is drawing off of is Bob Chambers' fake play The King in Yellow.
From the eponymous series of short stories.
Right.
Which is all about a number of people around the world in the far off future of the 1920s.
Going insane because of this weird French play that may in fact house a demon king from another realm.
So we find ourselves in this hotel.
Also these characters appear in little silhouettes.
The classic now classic Remedy silhouette.
And in the subway and in the hotel the two people that have been talking to Alex Casey were the two witnesses from the beginning of the game.
Yeah.
So the lady in the subway is a true crime author just the same as the lady in the diner.
Oh the director's the same guy.
It's the same woman.
Same silhouette.
Same voice.
And the director is the same guy.
And the director is her husband.
I didn't notice that until just now.
I only got that when I replayed the game.
Oh cool.
This is a game that I think actually rewards you on a sort of subdural level if you play it a second time.
It's not just the little tiny bits of extra content some of which are worse.
It's the actual like connections that you can make when you play it the second go around.
I didn't realize how like surprisingly intricate in a positive way the craft of the story is.
Yeah.
So as you're going around this hotel you have also met Thomas Zane at this point.
Yes.
And Thomas Zane is now not just a man in a diver suit played by the voice actor for Alan Wake.
It is in fact Ilkavili with Ilkavili's voice.
And so all of the live action scenes with him are then playing off of that new dynamic.
That's really fun to watch.
Also he's a filmmaker instead of a writer now.
Yeah.
And he's a rock star too.
He's like a rock star filmmaker.
He's got a bare chest for most of it.
There's a really wonderful scene where he just parties with himself and does like lines of cocaine.
And is just writing this helping to collaborate with Alan Wake on a new version of the book that will get him out of there.
He's sort of like if Kenneth Anger was finished.
All his scenes are really delightful particularly when things start getting very strange.
It's revealed that he knows he's on a film set in the dark place like his version of the dark place.
He's able to manipulate in a way that Alan Wake hasn't quite figured out how to do it.
That's true.
I'll be honest.
The Thomas Zane stuff didn't really hit for me.
It was kind of cool I guess when they like shot each other a couple times or whatever.
But.
Where they kept switching bodies.
I mean some cool little visual tricks.
When we're in the hotel we're learning more about this immersive theater thing we learn very quickly that a woman was drowned in a bathtub.
And this parallels with the story at the retirement home of the lamp lady drowning in the bathtub because the haint has pulled her under the water.
So when you start manipulating the scenery around this hotel and changing things to performance day and changing things to the dressing room the way that it was as they were getting ready.
You know all this stuff.
You start to then get to these horrifying images of people in deer masks all lying around because the cast all wore deer masks.
And I wonder if there's another point where you see a bunch of people in deer masks all dead on the ground.
Oh yes it's when they were all coming for Alan Wake and Casey blew them all to shit before the Federal Bureau of Control showed up again.
You find out then as you go to this big ballroom on the upper floor of the hotel that there was a famous person cast as the devil.
Perhaps it was Alan Wake.
Perhaps not.
No one knew.
I don't know why it even mattered that he was a famous person but because no one knew who the famous person was.
Well because Neil Patrick Harris did sleep no more.
Yeah and Alan Cumming and Pink and you know.
So that person played the devil and he wore a mask under his mask.
Classic Gambit.
And the name Mr. Scratch is an old slang name for the devil.
You guys just saw me like readjust the way I'm sitting because I'm getting really into this now.
And if you know anything about medieval theater history.
I know so much about it.
Yeah I love it.
Or theatrical superstition.
I did a six hour play.
I definitely didn't fail theater history three straight times and thus failed to get my second major in college.
What color did the devil classically wear?
Green.
No.
I don't know.
Close.
I just wanted to be strong.
Josh you failed again.
I'm so sorry.
Because of course we associate the devil with red.
We do.
Is it yellow?
Yellow.
The devil wore yellow.
And so there's an old theatrical superstition at least on the continent.
According to Richard Huggett who wrote The Curse of Macbeth.
He had a dick so long he could fuck it.
You don't put people in yellow clothes because it's demonic.
You're summoning demons basically by dressing people up as Satan.
This is another reason why the shoes in The Visit.
Yellow shoes.
Are yellow.
Yellow shoes.
Yellow shoes.
Yellow shoes.
And there are also famous stories of medieval plays or productions of Dr. Faustus where oh
yeah Faustus is surrounded by like five demons but then one night there's a sixth demon on
stage.
Stuff like that.
So they're playing into that with the story of this king in yellow immersive theater play
about the cult where Satan himself may be the one on that stage sitting at a typewriter with two gobos of light representing those round windows.
And then one day Satan just went through killed everyone leaving a trail of blood where he went all the way down and drowned this lead actress in her bathtub.
So AJ you said that this you had a very like deep primal reaction to this.
It was mostly when you get up to the devil's room which is of course 666.
666.
And when you enter inside of it it's just this long like I think it's supposed to be the writer's room right.
It's supposed to be sort of a parody of the writer's room.
This this gruesome scene of just blood and like so many dead bodies.
But as you go back it's just this never ending like dark cavern and then the dark presence lunges at you and you start running right.
And I could not figure out how to do this.
I wrote this one up too.
This was such just weird bullshit.
This is the one I had to look up.
But every time I died because I didn't really die too too too much in this game.
It was very viscerally scary because then it jumps to that death scene which is just a flickering image of Alan Wake with a hole in his head on the ground like doing like a little bit of stop motion like twitching and shit.
And then you figure out that you just have to run one way turn around and then go the other way.
And then you get into a room full of light and then you're good.
Yeah I didn't have that problem with this one.
It's interesting.
It seems like this is the one time that I had no trouble navigating.
It communicated exactly what you needed.
Yeah.
Because I'll tell you what on the way we didn't mention this but there's a whole light puzzle in order to get to the hotel.
That was very difficult for me.
Yeah there's a lot of just like rooms and doors that lead to places that they don't actually lead to geometrically.
Right.
And so you just kind of have to memorize it.
There's just less that you can intuit in Alan's stuff than you can in sagas which is why I have trouble with it.
Yeah.
That's also the point.
It wants you to feel lost.
And I think it succeeds in a way that is sometimes a little more annoying than maybe it should be.
But like certainly not annoying in the way that OG Alan Wake was annoying.
You know what I mean?
I don't mind being lost every once in a while.
It wants you to revel in sort of the horror of being so close to getting your idea right.
Yeah.
And having so many of the elements in place but having no idea how to arrange them.
And just feeling like every time you're one step closer but maybe you're like 12 steps back from where you were.
And that maybe the quote unquote perfect version of this draft that you're working on just doesn't exist and will never exist.
And you're caught in a loop which is not a loop.
It's a spiral.
Yes.
So let's talk now about sort of the third iteration of Alan trying to put his shit together.
Right.
Right.
We end up going to a cinema.
And in that cinema he is trying to once again rearrange the world come up with his perfect draft.
As we said Thomas Zane is a filmmaker now.
This this movie theater is showing Thomas Zane's experimental film Ur to Ur which we've heard Ottie the janitor sing from.
And it turns out that at one point Ottie was just part of a band called Ottie and the janitors.
and somehow reality has turned him into a janitor over time it is a great name for an
improv troupe in college though yeah we're audio the janitors and we need a suggestion
for a metaphysical puzzle uh mop bucket i heard mop bucket
which is it's also a fun like inversion of the fact that auti in real life real life
starts as a janitor and then becomes a singer in the bureau of control um so this movie you can
actually see in its entirety which i didn't realize but you also watched it in the theater
i just stand there as i awake and watch it it's so cool yeah so i watched it on youtube this area
actually sort of goes a little back in time because this doesn't parallel the points after
the slaughter of the cultists and the time in the nursing home this actually parallels what came
before at the coffee amusement park and the well right because you get the moose skull and all of
this sort of parallels including the film itself the film is sort of a retelling or an initial telling
of the huotari well murders that are referenced much earlier in saga's story and it's sort of it's
keying you into okay so maybe time doesn't work the same way in the dark place yeah that it does in
saga's world and it's the first real i think clue that that yeah that they're going to do some time
fuckery alan wake has also killed thomas zane shot him straight through the head but then as he like
pops out of the projection of thomas zane that he was hanging out with he can still watch the film
playing out on the projection and thomas zane sort of comes back to life like you're watching the last
part of a clip from immortality or something right and he says something spooky but then they also yell
cut well and another piece here too is that alex casey keeps calling alan tom as does otty because it
it really is just the same thing of the artist figure recurring through time right yeah thomas
zane for went with his responsibilities as the artist god i guess that's on the earth and he's
lost himself entirely in the process he made this one this one film this yotin yot and then he never
made another one after that it's it's pronounced uh it's an uh uh uh pia kofa yeah great uh which by
the way i don't know that we explicitly mentioned it this short film is entirely in finnish yeah and
it stars sam lake but a lot of this game is sam lake giving his longtime collaborators sort of the
freedom to express themselves in their own language in their like native tongue and it's so lovely they've
had this job of having to act in english for all this time but like it's like hey i'm gonna i want
to show you off that that's what this game feels like i'm gonna show off all my very talented friends
and it's such a strong choice to to not dub it yeah like they could have gone down the road of doing a
dub and and like and that would have looked interesting dub it would have been interesting
yeah right the the lips wouldn't have quite matched in the way that is always the case with dubs but no
they wanted to preserve the language and they wanted to showcase the finished language which is a
language that you don't even hear that much in finland sometimes you know like i would i would
love to see a remedy game that's just set in finland honestly the body of the movie by the way just to
point out a couple things here basically you have sam lake playing the protagonist of this film yeah and
his wife betrays him everybody betray me i'm fed up with this world yes he gets stabbed in the chest in
much the same way that we saw the stabbing in the chest at the very beginning of the game
and at the very end we get a line it's not a loop it's a spiral this of course is a very direct
reference to the infamous line at the end of the original alan wake it's not a lake it's an ocean
which also gets sent up at one point in this game but here's the thing it's not a loop it's a spiral
actually means something well and speaking of loops there is this is one of the weird moments in
alan section where you do have a loop usually that's a saga thing yeah and they're usually very
frustrating but this one makes it pretty clear in the narration you're just supposed to keep going
yep you're not doing anything wrong just keep going forward and you'll see what happens and then you run
into who you think is alex casey tied up to a chair and then he disappears as you go past a shelf and
then you run into him again and then the game does this thing that's like a thing games did five years
ago ten years ago still does a little bit today where it's like you need to kill this person you
need to get that knife there and stab him in the chest and then he shouts out to you tied in and
blindfolded in this chair hey wait stop don't do this i'm just an actor in his characteristic
finnish accent yeah you realize you're supposed to be killing sam and you have to pick up he's like
don't do it don't kill me don't grab that knife over there and then the light comes up on the knife
yeah yeah yeah so it's like the classic like oh the game's gonna make you do a bad thing you're
gonna have to do like a really fucked up moral thing because to get to go forward and you pick
up the knife and he immediately escapes yeah yeah no finland this is like the only time i can think
of in the game where they're like common doing commentary on other kinds of games yeah yeah and
not not not just sort of being self-referential but just talking about like trends that happen in
video games and i just thought it was marvelous and i wanted to bring that up and i would like to
close the loop too on the max pain stuff because i think this is where it finally comes out right
which is like sam lake admits that the only person that's keeping him in this loop is himself yeah
and it's the only way to move past it is to defeat that part of himself that is still clinging on to
max pain from alan's perspective he came into the writer's room and he saw mr scratch scratching
everything out and he shot him in the head and then later we get the scene from the other side where alan
comes in and he sees this whole finished draft that obviously wasn't written by him it was by
scratch so now he goes in i n i s h e d by the way yes very clear so now he's going in and scratching
everything out and then alan wake comes in and shoots him in the head right there is no other
person there's just alan wake right yeah scratches out scratches out in the world it's just alan wake
keeping himself here or is scratch in the world oh is alan wake in the world man like is our lord
jesus christ in the world does he have an excuse you know does he have the ability to really say oh
no it's not me it's someone else no he's created his own monster he is his own monster yeah and and we
we see this very acutely in what it does to alice right right what it does to his wife who let me be
very clear in the first game a non-entity almost like yeah she is the reason that you're trying to
do what you do you know you're trying to get your wife back and all that but yeah she doesn't register
and she disappears 10 minutes in yeah and in this game she hits like a fucking mallet because you go
through her whole journey of having to live in fear of her husband coming home as someone she does not
recognize as someone who is perhaps a monster and this is a very as stephen king once wrote moment
right this is the fucking shining this is what alcohol and disease and in this case what obsession
can do to a person transform when i went back and listened to our alan wake episode that we did about
the first game we mentioned the shining that like they were trying to capture that in the tension
between alice and alan of like here's johnny it didn't succeed then it succeeds here and that's a lot
a huge credit to the actress uh who most of what we get from alice in this is actually oh i think
almost exclusively everything we get from alice is a uh live action shot it's a uh it's a bunch of
video logs of her talking to a camera this is christina cole that's the actress's name on like a
truly wonderful performance um and we find out that she has actually taken her own life in a probably
the most effective sequence in in the whole game in terms of just like ripping your heart out because
it says uh she's like i'm i'm sorry my love i'm going to have to do this and it cuts to a screen
that says alice wake committed suicide a few days after recording this what follows are her follow
final four photographs right and you see her walking to the cliff of cauldron lake and she takes uh it's a
series of four shots and she takes a step she takes a step she falls a little bit and then she's out of
the shot yeah they're all very deliberately out of focus because if you go across her notes from the
early part of the game she's looking for the focal point of the dark place which operates under
different optical reasons and all of her pictures of the elevator are that way too oh wow it's also a
little hint to what's actually happening with alice wake and i know that's that's that's really
depressing but you know what barry's been financing most of this so barry's back everybody
remember barry oh boy he also built the old folks home i guess i guess we got we got that
good we got barry back baby oh man as opposed to up until now where there's been a lot of like
ambient noise and music to sort of like point things up yeah the moment where you see those
four photographs one after the other after the other after the other it is completely silent
yeah it is haunting it is a genuinely upsetting experience it's like something you would have found
on the internet in 2005 and been like yeah the fuck is yeah it's like ang's hat yeah yeah alan wick
puts down like the tape or whatever that's playing it and it's just covered in cum and he's just like
god damn it it's about more than cum aj it's not a cum it's a jack off that's not anything um
but we should get to our climax yeah and yeah we're gonna go ahead and now get back into saga's
story here for the final chapters of return return seven through nine after that big sort of shootout
the okay corral between alex casey and the bureau of control the bureau's been decimated but there
is one agent who's still left basically saga teams up with this bureau of control agent to attempt to
contain the anomaly estevez is uh canonically lesbian uh the game is woke get it out of here
oh i mean you'll see so many because woke just means black to a lot of people so a lot of people who
are extremely mad about saga anderson uh existing the metacritic reviews for this game are so funny
oh fuck god fucking vile because i wanted to i was curious actually at one point i was like yeah i
would be curious to see if there are any nuanced critical takes about the pieces of this game that
don't work yeah of course there aren't no not anywhere well and especially because in the quantum
break promo saga the saga ish character who drinks simultaneously with sam like her coffee and
uh is is white in that one and blonde and of course her character is swedish but there is a reason why
saga is black there is a very clear reason when you play the game why saga is black and so yeah she has
a black father and also like just shut the fuck up just shut the fuck up you're a useless little man
you should just you should just kill yourself no no you should if you care this much about it it's
not going away anytime soon so you've lost the war you should just fucking kill yourself if you're
gonna be like this can we call it alice waking yourself is that yeah that feels like i that
feels like it's gonna it's no genuinely if woke in video games bothers you please go take a long
walk off a short pier we'd appreciate that straight into the cauldron lake or an ocean whatever it is
uh big battles here in the in the conclusion you have to fend off a bunch of guys while the anderson's
play a song in a direct callback to the first game this one more fun oh i disagree i hated this
oh i played on easy mode so i'm just taking down enemies with one shot at a time i'm having i'm i'm
doing great there's a great little another little um super imposition while the band starts playing
because the band used to have three people one of them is dead so now just tor and odin are playing
but they super impose the whole band from the past over top of them like in follies like in steven
sondheim's musical follies when they sing who's that woman josh i'm actually kind of in the middle of
both of you about this boss fight about this wave fight which is at first i found it incredibly
frustrating and then once i got into the rhythm of it i found it to be incredibly complex and
rewarding to have to like sort of manage these large groups of enemies at the same time and once
i figured out how to like really utilize the control people like the federal rule of control
people then it became like a fun little dance that i really enjoyed because dance is a good way to put
it right because yeah if you want to reload your gun or uh apply a health kit you will be completely
defenseless during that process and there will be an extended period of time where you might have guys
running at you so you do need to figure out the timing again it's i just don't like boss battles
i think i think it might just be a me thing because i i don't like the the boss battles you have against
scratch here you basically then end up in another boss battle after a little bit yeah with evil alan
himself scratch where you have to shoot him a bunch of times you use your flare or whatever
and then rotate uh these big lights into a cage and and basically walk him into this cage once that
happens a lot of story stuff starts going on yeah you're you're gonna be funneled down a pretty
straight path at this point uh the the dark thing busts out of alan and then it haints alex casey and
alex casey is now hainted he's hainted he's got the clicker so alan decides to follow him into the
second twisted new story it should also be mentioned that soga has been thrown into cauldron lake
yeah she's underwater she's in the dark place yeah we've flipped around yeah and uh alan gets to see
deer fest finally that's kind of the big cosmic joke of the first game it's like deer fest is coming
deer fest is coming deer fest is coming and it plays over the credits and here you actually get
to go to deer fest but it's fake deer fest it's where your book is finally being released and
everyone's talking about how much of a genius you are for saying you can't find a copy of it anywhere
because it's sold out yeah but also before you enter into the dark place in order to go to deer
fest you take your flashlight out of your right side in your right hand you take your gun in your
left hand and you do the pose it's not a bit it's a payoff yeah yeah um and he walks in and during
deer fest he's dressed in his old suit the one from the first game so it really does and he's got
the old cardboard cutout shows out shows shows up again and it's got his book the actual physical
book placed in it you can get yeah yeah when you pick up people dream logic there yeah and scratch
is like you wanted this right like scratch is like i'm just giving you what you want you want to be
famous you want to have written that new book you wanted it out and everyone to call it a masterpiece
i am just making the world that you want right he's like i don't want this anymore because i realize
that everything i write is garbage everything i write by myself is garbage i need a collaborator
and that collaborator it turns out is going to be none other than saga she is not just stuck in the
dark place she is stuck in a dark version of her mind place this is where they pay off the mechanic
that they've been doing the whole game you'll remember that we talked a little bit about saga's
mind place where there are clues uh that you can put up on this board and you can connect them and
it will remind you of where the story's at you can also go to the mind place to re-watch videos and
stuff like that that you found around the map but all of a sudden the board is empty and the room is
almost pitch black and the deductions that you've been making up until this point involve combining
pieces of evidence that you've observed together now all of a sudden the evidence that saga is getting
is stuff like you fucking failed you horrible bitch yeah and you are getting these pieces of evidence
you're a bad mother you're a bad person you let your daughter die yeah here are all the reasons
that you did that all on little polaroids putting these pieces up on the board in the same way that
you've been doing throughout the game and i don't know about you guys but yeah for me the way that this
mechanic was sort of used which up until this point was for deduction and game advancement the way that
was completely now inverted to basically just point to her own irrevocable failure i was like oh this
this is what it's like to be in a spiral yeah it's not a loop it's a spiral yeah because your brain does
it in a very deductive way yes right right here here are all the memories of everything you fucked up
yeah here's the evidence all together yeah and they and for the bad mother one they use the same
polaroid shot of logan of your daughter it just gets increasingly like fucked yeah it's like it's being
copied over and over and over again through some kind of polaroid scanner and so it's just getting
like higher contrast and darker every single time really fucked i know that all of us at various points
even in making this show yeah have had these moments oh yeah something goes a little bit sideways
yeah and rather than looking at the full body of evidence right and all of the things that we have
been able to accomplish together yeah we look at those little things here and there that went a little
bit wrong and all of a sudden those things are the only thing that we can see anymore it is so
seductive and this is exactly how it feels you start concocting your own evidence that doesn't exist
right right or you start looking at events that you thought of as one way but because your mind is in
this spiral just completely take it out of context and make it into this horrible thing yeah well but when
i do it it's actually correct because i'm actually a very bad person yeah yeah yeah no no when i do it it's cool
though when i do it it's yeah it's it's chill it's like don't worry about it yeah um this is also has a
lot to do with the creative process too right like you begin to look at your work as being worthless and
that you are a fuck up for not having figured out how to fucking do it at this point and i think that
that resonates really strongly the thing about this section i think all of that in concept is really
lovely i just don't really understand what it has to do with saga as a character because there isn't a
moment where i see her doubt herself throughout like most of the game and i don't really know what her
personality is yeah outside of she likes to pull pranks on casey sometimes and she's a pretty good mom if
she's not like working all the time that she may be a little bit working too much so like what it's like
you bitch you you know how dare you do this to yourself i'm like i mean sure and i know that you know when you
are in a spiral it is nonsensical right it is sort of irrational that like this hatred that you have
for yourself for not having done anything bad but i would have liked to have seen saga have a few more
flaws so that when it does go really hard on it you could see like the seed of where maybe that idea
would come from in her head i see that and i think i agree with you on some level but on the other hand i
do think that there are a few things that are set up here and there in terms of how she doubts her
perception of herself right and of the objective reality that is surrounding her in terms of how
much of this reality for instance like her kid right does the kid exist or not is the kid alive or not
yeah probably but all of the evidence suddenly points to that the kid is already dead and she's
been spending so much time in this world where her own memories of reality are becoming more and more
detached from what she is seeing and so i can certainly see how her observations might be at
odds with what she is then now seeing as reality but i i agree though as well that like those external
pieces probably should have been coupled with some sort of internal piece that would have made this hit
harder i think but it's still it's still very effective i want to be very clear like this really does
this really does work i just there i longed for just like a little bit more interiority for saga
yeah i think that's fair yeah we go from here into the the dark place but like the sun is rising on
it it's very gray it's like the very earliest part of of sunrise you have a little bit of kind of
annoying stuff as saga to to get done and then you pick up a couple of pictures that alice had taken and
because it's the dark place the pictures have become real there's a bullet made out of light and
there is a picture of oh boy it's the clicker so she goes up to the attic he's writing like like he does
like he likes to do and they have decided on this ending it's like he's actively writing the ending
as she comes in right and this by the way is fully live action and the scratch version of alex casey is
not far behind and she takes this bullet of light and fires it straight into alan wake's forehead and
casey having appeared in the doorway is now purged of the haint and he falls to the ground and says almost
nothing in this scene and i have a very specific thought about that um and immediately saga goes to
pick up her phone and call her daughter and as it's ringing casey says just like four words and he
sounds kind of weird when he says it and i think it might in fact be sam lake trying to do an impersonation
of max pain oh because it sounds weird and it could also just be that they got his his voice on top of
sam lake's dub and their software that you use for adr where you you can kind of say a line close to the
way that it's said and then it'll stretch things out and make it fit better oh automatically oh and
maybe that's what happened and it's just sort of stretched and weird but it kind of sounds like he
has an accent here and so i think that it might be especially because he also does the face in the shot
that we finally get of him when she's on her phone he does the sam lake the max pain face yeah that's
that you only see sam lake do in this game you don't see casey do it right i think it might actually
be sam lake standing there next to saga and the phone is ringing and then we go to the credits huh
i feel like in many ways this is like one final attempt to excise the ghost of max pain too yeah yeah it's
the thing that's been hanging over them for so long and fang over him specifically sam lake for
so long and over remedy and yet they're gonna end up making the remakes and rockstar will have the
final sign off on what those things look like but it's so interesting to me the way that like in a
creative process sometimes the thing that comes to define you is not necessarily the thing that you
want it to define you i just think again not to suck myself off too much suck ourselves off too much
but i think about like what's endless summer right yeah and the fact that we go back to that well time
and time and time and time again because it's what we are able to do it gives us an angle it gives us
something to look at it's it's it's a it's very easy to do those episodes at this point i mean none of us
in before 2021 even into 2021 expected to be podcasters no no you know it was just this other
thing that we were doing as we're always scrambling to try to do our thing you know um aj's a playwright
and an actor i'm an actor who sometimes has written stuff it's very good it's very good josh you're you're
you're a director and you've also designed costumes and and you know we're like theater people
and now like this is this is what we're known for yeah we have a bigger audience with this uh maybe
with the exception of aj than we've had for any of our our other projects and it's one of those
things that you know in 13 years we're going to shoot wit in the head with a bolt of light and
it's going to turn out that wit is me yeah oh no i'm gonna be the fourth wit it's not a loop it's a what
and then i heard that they had released a new game plus called the final draft which gave a more
conclusive ending and i went no yeah please don't please don't it was so i needed it that was the
perfect way for the game to end so brian and i played through it for the most part it's like any
final draft of anything it's not too too far off from the draft that immediately came before opening
cutscene is a little bit different closing cutscene is a little bit different and then you have stuff
on the tv screens that's different for instance matthew pareda's character from control who briefly
appears on a tv screen at one point gets a couple of scenes and he ends up meeting zane who is then
just ilcavili with ilcavili's voice it's kind of an inside joke you also get some videos of
alan wake writing where he's just getting more and more unhinged talking about what he needs to
do to write and how how he's still just by looping this around he's actually just not making it any
better and i kind of hoped the ending was going to hit that kind of note and instead it gives it
sort of a stronger resolution um and but also maybe makes alan wake into a megalomaniac and yeah i
mean if you want to see it just go check it out on youtube if you're not gonna play the game but
otherwise i don't think we need to give it away other than yeah the the the new game plus ending
is probably worse yeah i feel like i feel like it is ultimately it is ultimately weaker yeah than the
initial one and i was happy to play it again because of the way i was able to find connections
throughout the game yeah it feels like a game you do want to play twice so that you can really like
absorb all that stuff and you can go through it very fast the second time too oh yeah you're a god
basically in the second in the second playthrough i think that remedy has spent their entire career
as a studio making games that are essentially cords and some of those cords are very pleasing to
the ear some of them were secret and they could be played to please the lord but i don't really
believe in that no i don't i don't believe it either i believe that this game it's not a cord
it's a strand oh boy is this the second strand type game let's go but here's the thing is that
what alan wake does is for the first time people have been hearing remedies music before there are
people who have been fans of remedies games before who hear the chords and build their own whole song
out of it and have really enjoyed it this is the first time where remedy has brought together all of
their chords into one game and i finally see the song yeah yeah it's a goddamn symphony man it really
shows that an artist is never just one thing if they choose not to be right you can always learn
and grow you may have built a brand on something and you may even follow up on the same brand right
this is alan wake too but you can become something totally different because art is not just an innate
talent and it's not just an expression of like your personality or something it is something that you work
at and it's something that you bring other people into right and he has more people writing
because you just can't write a game like this anymore and they also big and they also like make
a lot of games now they make games you know their release schedule is quite frequent and this game
understands and says almost explicitly that like collaboration is what actually makes the truly
great works of art yes something i agree with wholeheartedly and i think it's what leads to a
healthy studio right yeah it is it is this idea that we are all building this thing together and you
gotta have a captain at the head of the ship but you know there are captains that demand a very
specific vision and then you know there are captains who are like but what's your idea like
what's the thing you're gonna bring into this that i wouldn't necessarily have and the best leaders do
that you you had mentioned brian yeah i i think i still think of myself as a director first and
foremost even though i haven't fucking directed something on stage in a number of years when i think
about how we put this show together it's all how do we make our individual components sing as best as
they possibly can you know how do we do uh reasonably good analysis while also still making room for the
horse corner you know like we want all of those pieces to fit into sing together corner isn't good
analysis it's great analysis of horses um that's why i felt so excited too about playing this game is
it's fun to see these things come together and even if the way that it comes together is not always the
way that i would personally do it myself it's at least a way that is consistent and cohesive
and feels like a real piece of fucking art yeah man look if you've been enjoying this and you think
that we've done a good job of putting the pieces together well good because you fucking pay us money
to do this listeners and you you have you also enjoy algebra statistically um if if you you know jump
down the rabbit hole for the first time with us on patreon to listen to alan wake too uh thank you and
and welcome uh we've got lots lots lots more episodes just like this in the back catalog they
are the odd numbered episodes and going forward they will be the even numbered episodes additionally
uh worth noting that we do have a ten dollar tier where we put out an extra episode every month it's just
a live tape thing where we shoot the shit about whatever's on our mind you're helping us make this
thing and we greatly greatly appreciate you when you platinum the game the final trophy is called
sisu there's no one-to-one translation for this in english the closest we get are things like
tenacity and resilience but that doesn't quite capture all that sisu means um it's a finnish concept
which is essentially a bravery to face down a seemingly impossible task with wit resolve he watched spunk
an old finnish can do right the new york times actually ran an article in 1940 called sisu a word
that explains finland and the echoes of this concept are a large part of finnish identity
that same resolve that sisu is what makes alan wake too so goddamn good after years of experimenting
and crafting and trying to make a game that fully encapsulated their aesthetic artistic intent and
moxie because face it there's a lot of fucking moxie sam blake and his team finally achieved their
masterwork and no matter what comes next how many loops they have to go through to make their next game
and how the and the next game and the next i am finally confident to say that they're going to
be able to pull it off because after all it's not a loop it's a sisu i'm the worst of all possible aj's
i'm the worst of all possible bryant's and i'm the worst of all possible josh's see you next week
