 Go. Hello and welcome to Buntavista, the podcast that brings you the news that's important to you. And that is all posts from my estranged grandmother's Facebook feed all day, every day. We've got a banger episode for you today. Plenty of posts from my estranged grandmother's Facebook feed. All killer, no filler. Now, before we get started today, let's check in with my estranged grandmother's Facebook feed. First up, we've got a classic of the genre. Share from the page Aussie As, and it's a picture of an Australian flag asking how many people will share the Australian flag proudly on their page. I know I will. And there's a comment here from Edna who says, I have one on my mobility scooter. Now, on the 2nd of December, you guys might actually already know this one. My estranged grandmother shared a post from the page Jokes and Memes, which says, how can we have a Black Friday when we can't have coon cheese? Yeah. That rules in two ways, I think. Oh, so I'm not supposed to do one kind of racism or another kind of racism? Or just say the word Black. The problem's not the word Black. No, that's right. You can say that one. The problem's the slow one. Yep, that's right. You could say that the problem is that whoever originally posted this heard the word Black and went, it's fucking bullshit. It's fucking bullshit. If they can say it, how come I can't say it? Also, you can say it because you just did. You just did. You just did. You just did. On the internet. Yeah. Can I pull the curtain back very, very quickly? Because I just want to give out one piece of information to the listener, sort of behind the scenes, revealing the artifice type thing. Don't pull it back too quickly. I'm going to pull it back very gently at first. These posts are real. These are just literally, Lucy is just looking at her estranged grandmother's- I'm sort of drawing from my lived experience. And you don't talk to her anymore? No. Well, she's estranged. Yeah, neither does a lot of people in the family. Definitely. Is this- Are we- Was this a conscious estrangement of, hey, grandma, you suck ass. We're not going to talk to you anymore. It's just that like- Or was it gradual? Hey, we hate you. Hey, grandma. We hate you. So my dad doesn't speak to her. Fuck off. Okay. So she's just tried to sort of like weasel her way into my social media. So I just kind of look from a distance. Yeah. Yeah. And that's why I'm bringing you all this news. You're just going to pick that up and use that as content. That's right. It's all content, baby. I'm sure she doesn't listen to the show. Sucks shit. All right. She's not weaseling very hard then. Back to the 1st of December. We've got a picture of some cute little birds on a branch. And it says, here's a virtual hug to anyone who is hurting. Maybe she's not so bad. She sounds like a great person. Maybe she's not so bad. That's like she cares about me. Big fans of my estranged grandmother's Facebook feed will know that we're big fans of the page Grandma Funnies around here. So we've got a picture of some men. Yeah. That says, when I get old, I'm not sitting around and knitting. I'm going to be clicking my life alert button and seeing how many firefighters show up. Yeah. Yeah. She's going to suck them off. Yes. Yes. There's an emergency in my pussy. Yes. Oh, another banger. Recently, there's a picture of a man and it says, recently they pulled down a statue of Captain Cook in Cairns because it might offend some people. Who's they? Today, they're building a statue of Dan Andrews in Melbourne. Explain the logic in this. Who's they? Don't know. Is there actually a statue of Dan Andrews somewhere? I think that's a real thing. And does she believe the same people are coordinating it? Like the one-in-one-out statue foundation? Cook out Dan Andrews in. Cook out Dan Andrews in. I think this is just a thing that they do if you've been in Parliament because he was in Parliament for such a long time. Oh, for 3,000 days of Parliament. That's weird. 3,000 days of Parliament. Either are or they did build a statue. Have you guys ever seen the Captain Cook statue that did get removed? Is this the one that I'm thinking of where he looks... He's doing a big Hitler salute. He looks absolute dog shit. He's doing a big Hitler salute. And he looks like absolute shit. Yeah. A big old cardboard painted box Hitler Captain Cook. In like one street off the main drag in Cairns. He looks like he's made of paper mache. Yeah. Not good. Just not even a quality Cook statue. No. And plus he's doing that Nazi salute for some reason. No. He's going like, look yonder. I'm a sailor. He's doing like a sailing motion. I'm the captain. Kill anything black over there. Yeah. It's kind of boat stuff. It's like blacks on the starboard bow. Perhaps he's holding his hand up as if to say, hey, Hawaiians, please don't kill me. Please don't kill me. And then they kill him. Please don't tear me apart. No spears. On Valentine's Day. Please. Yeah. Because his face, the rendering of the big stupid paper mache face looks like stucco. It looks bad. It looks like fucking awful rendering on the outside. But the look on his face, he looks afeared. You know? He looks worried about what's coming. He looks like a man not ready to accept his fate. On Valentine's Day. Which is a Valentine's Day spearing. It looks real bad. The statue's got some problems. Yeah. Well, it's down now. The thing is, when a spear's coming straight at you, it's more just a circle. You know? I suppose so. Hang on. When you look at things from a different perspective. Stop. Stop. They didn't even pull it down. What? They sold it to someone. Someone bought it because he didn't want to see it bulldozed. Okay. He's got this big, ugly statue of Captain Cook in your head. Yeah. Now it's in his backyard. So they moved it. They just moved it because they didn't want it to get knocked down. Yeah. Explain the logic. Explain the logic. Lady. Explain the logic. You fucking stupid. Yeah. Hey, Lucy's estranged grandmother. Not very clever. What the hell? Yeah. Hey. It's alright. See something? Maybe check to see if it's real. Maybe just have a little think. Let's get a quick whip around on who will share the posts from my estranged grandmother's Facebook feed. Sure. Andrew, we are Australia and we celebrate Christmas, Father's Day, Mother's Day, Easter, Anzac Day, Australia Day. Share it. Share it. You agree? Yeah. I share it. I agree. Do you agree? I... Father's Day and Mother's Day are funny. Like, no one's... No one was taking those ones. Are they angry about them? No, because they... Was it like non-binary parents' day or something? Yeah, that's... They get angry about... Oh, shit. ...the idea that they... That one day they're coming for the gendered parental days. Oh, it's gonna be like trans... Trans Father's Day. These two people do two different jobs and that's the way I like it. Yeah. It's gonna be birthing persons' day. Yeah, that's... They get so angry about birthing parent or birthing person or whatever. Yeah. It's also fucked up that, like, you could possibly come to the idea that Christmas is being cancelled in Australia. Yeah. Like, if you have spent... The biggest holiday of the year. Like, we were just there the other day. It is just December. Wacko in there. You were just there the other day? You were there at Christmas? I was just there at Christmas. I was at the shops. Sorry. Okay. I'm pulling some line that you guys weren't on. When Christmas happens. They've got, like, a three-story high Christmas tree in the middle of the shops, right? Yeah. It's been there since September. The fuck... And, like, it is so, so, like, linked to our current, like, capitalist system. Like, it's only getting stronger in that kind of sense, right? Yeah. Like, that you will see more and more of Christmas because it raises profits. Can I raise a question to you that was actually posed by the philosopher Les Claypool? Sure. What if Christmas didn't come this year? Yeah. Who would cry the biggest tear? The child or the store? Fuck, he's so smart. So good. He's always thinking about this stuff. He plays bass like an alien. And he's going... At the same time. Yeah. I'm standing back there saying, are you allowed to do that with several rat tails? Can you do that with any rat tails on? Just wear a safari helmet and welding goggles and ask questions like that? Theo, can I put to you a theory? It aligns, I think, with my theory about Halloween, which is that I think that there's a Venn diagram. One of the circles is people who say, oh, this fucking American bullshit. We shouldn't be doing this American bullshit. It's just stupid. If you come to my door, I'll tell you to fuck off. And then there's another circle and it's people saying, no one talks to their neighbors anymore. No one wants to be part of a community or anything. And you can't tell which circle is which because they're right over the top of each other. Yeah. And for Christmas, I think there is people who say they're trying to cancel Christmas. You can't even say Merry Christmas anymore. They'll castrate you right there in front of the Maya window. Yeah. And then also those people will turn around and say, all the Christmas stuff is in the stores earlier and earlier every year. Hot cross buns this early. Oh, shameless. Can I propose another Venn diagram? It's got a little circle. It's got a little circle with Lucy's estranged grandmother labeled on it. And then a much larger circle that it's completely enveloped by labeled stupid fuckheads. Oh. What? And there's a pretty big circle in there somewhere that's just like women over 65. Yeah. I just don't feel. She offered you a virtual hug, Theo. Yeah. Yeah. I hope she dies. I don't know enough about Lucy's estranged grandmother and the history of their relationship. I know enough. I've seen enough. Yeah. All right, Theo. Now there's this. My chair on the voice has turned around. I've slammed the huge euthanasia button sitting in front of me. I don't think the voice has that. Kill this dumb bitch. After seven years of podcasting together. This is gong. You can kind of say anything to each other. Podcasting is kind of as intimate as you can get with another person, really. Yeah. So, Theo, I'm assuming. Someone cuts her in half with a katana. You're not going to share the AI generated picture of an old man crying that says, last veteran of his World War II battle group marching alone in Victory Day parade. How many people will share this hero? Will you? Yeah, I'm not gonna. I'm not gonna because that's like so clearly an obvious thing to- He's crying though. Yeah. He's crying. He's the last in his Victory Day parade. Yeah. Battle group. Last of his battle group. Why don't you share? Oh, you're on the side of the Nazis. And you're not sharing. Why is that? Why is that? Well, Ben, can I ask you? Yes. With this AI picture of really good looking American soldiers sitting at a funeral that all have two prosthetic legs. Can you tell me why pictures like this never trend? Yeah. That's so fucking sad. Well, I mean, it's trending right now. You clicked on it and you shared the- 40 hotties that are double amputees for the leg down. That was kind of like porn stars, but they're like double amputees. I was wondering who was sharing this. I assumed that only- that this was by bots for bots. Oh, you don't have any estranged grandparents? And they go on- well, I'm not on Facebook. And no, all my grandparents except one are dead. Hmm. And the other one's Viv. I'm four for four, baby. Viv would be sharing the- she could find out where the buttons were. Yeah. She'd be sharing the firefighter post. She's got some arthritis problems. We really should be milking all of our grandparents for content. Yeah. I'm glad you put the end of that sentence on there. Yeah. We should be milking our grandparents for content. Hey, meemaws, you find them everywhere. Sometimes you even find them in a hole. It's time for a hole report. Hole report. Hole report. Hole report. It starts making sense as you want the best voices. All they are. You're falling. Someone should fill in that meemaw hole. Don't say that. This is from the Associated Press. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Authorities fear a Pennsylvania woman was swallowed by a sinkhole while looking for her cat. Sorry, meemaw. That's pretty funny. It's so hard to laugh at this. Authorities fear a grandmother who disappeared while looking for a cat may have been swallowed up by a sinkhole that recently opened up in a Western Pennsylvania village. What was she posting online? You know? Yeah. Was she racist? She's in Western Pennsylvania. I didn't even know this was going to be the first story. It's crazy. Theo, that's synchronicity. Sympathical. Serendipity. We need to see the post before Theo can render his judgment like Caesar. You know? Grandma, you have been judged. She's already been judged. Meemaw's in hell. Yeah. Like a sinkhole. Yeah. Kind of really. That's a hell now. She didn't get spirited away on a wily hot air balloon, did she? Then you could sort of draw a different conclusion instead. Straight down. You know what? You don't often hear about the opposite of this happening, do you? That like a god ray sort of came down and then she disappeared upwards. Into the sky. The clouds open and Meemaw ascends to heaven? Yeah. I think most Meemaw's go to hell. That's unfortunate. I think I did it. So make peace with your Meemaw while she's still around. All Meemaw's go to hell. That's right. I'm so sorry if this is your Meemaw and you're listening to this. I bet you was a lovely woman. Statistically, it's going to be like, oh, I was going to say a maximum of one person, but we don't know. We've got a lot of listeners in Pennsylvania. A shitload of them. Weirdly. A lot. I had like three people in Virginia this week comment on the pronunciation of a road from a story in our last episode. Was it to say we got it wrong? No, there was two people saying I got it wrong and one person saying I got it right. Well, I think that person's correct and the other two are just kind of losers about not having their own podcast. See, I'm learning. There was a question on Jeopardy the other day about the river in Pennsylvania. And I was like, skookle. Skookle. Oh, did I get it wrong again? No, I think it's right. We've been lambasted for this so many fucking times. We will never get it right because it doesn't matter to us. It's Dutch, so we don't give a shit. In our mind, walk-in robe, there is no hook on which to hang the pronunciation. What do you guys know about the Derwent River? Skookle? Skookle. You don't know shit about the Derwent. I drank seven beers made with water from the Derwent River over the weekend. Is that nice? They're all delicious. Is that nice? Yeah, it was pretty good, actually. That's a 45-minute drive from your house, Lucy. So ages away, you'll never go. Yeah, I'll never go. Now, if everyone can draw a 45-minute drive line around wherever the place was that you said. It's two meters tall. There's not that many breweries around Hobart. Most of them are in Hobart. Shambles, Hobart Brewing Company. Fox Friday. Why am I doing this? Yeah, you really got it. Crew's lower to pole camera with a sensitive listening device into the hole in Marguerite on Tuesday. They probably don't pronounce Marguerite, do they? You don't want to hear the hole. Yeah. Isn't that fucked up? Listening device. But you do want to hear if there's just like a muffled, help? Yeah. You know? Hello? Help? I don't want the faint sounds of a trapped me-more. It's such a like... How big is this sinkhole? Is it like a well size or is it bigger than that? I think this is a big one. Like the fact that you can't just look down into it and be like, oh, there she is. Hey. Yeah. I thought a sinkhole was just like the earth kind of gets lower. Also, this is like... It's more that it opens up and swallows what's on top of it. Like people straight up lose whole cars in sinkholes. Yeah. Even when you lose the car into a sinkhole, it's like five feet deep and the car's just like tipped forward into it. It's just in it. Or is this just fucking gone? She's down there. She's... Meemaw's in limbo. Downstairs. Most cars are bigger than most grandmas. To be fair. Most cars bigger than most grandmas. I'm leaving myself a little room. Large grandmas, small cars. There's some very big grandmas out there. Some pedant's going to be like... Put a Johnny Marr riff under that. Got a Smith song. Yeah. Also, lowering a listening device on a big pole into the sinkhole that took your Meemaw is some page 150 of House of Leaves shit. Yeah. A hundred percent. They're like, oh, that's so weird. This hole is two centimeters bigger than our seismograph. Yeah. It should be or whatever. Also, there's a whole bunch of shit about like... Stuff about academia. Academia. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Lay that on top. I'm not smart enough to have gotten a bunch of the stuff in there, but I enjoyed reading Sometimes the writing's kind of like spookily laid out. Yeah. Ah! There's only one word on this page. A second camera lowered into the hole showed what could be a shoe. Why did it take a second camera to see the shoe? What did the second camera capture that the first camera couldn't? The first camera had to keep looking at the entity. Yeah. Yeah. And the second camera, while the entity was being observed, could look around elsewhere. That's correct. To find the shoe. Yeah. This is genuinely... No. It's funny. This is a funny news story. The family of Elizabeth Pollard, 64, called police at about 1 a.m. Tuesday to say she had not been seen since going out Monday evening to search for Pepper, her cat. Police said they found Pollard's car parked near Monday's Union Restaurant in Marguerite, about 40 miles east of Pittsburgh. Pollard's five-year-old granddaughter was found safe inside the car. The manhole-sized opening... That's not big enough. That's a little... Or me-mile-sized opening. ...bigger than this grandma. Maybe. Smaller than most cars, bigger than most grandmas. The manhole-sized opening had not been seen by hunters and restaurant workers who were in the same area in the hours before Pollard's disappearance, leading rescuers to speculate that the sinkhole was new. Oh, a fresh hole? It's a fresh hole for me more. Look at that new hole smell. Oh, man. This is not good. It's not good, right? Yeah. A hole just for her? A hole just for me more. Yeah, this hole's just for her. Just for me more. Authorities used to excavate her to dig in the area where temperatures dropped to below freezing overnight. Oh, no. It was warm down in the hole, probably. I hope so. Trooper Steve Lamani said the shoe was about 30 feet below the surface. Holy shit. 30 feet? That's so far down. That's a three-story deep hole. That's a fucking narrow, deep hole for me more. Yeah. Oh, is me more dead? Me more. There's no fucking way she's alive. Oh, I thought they found her in there. Oh, no. I feel bad for joking about me more. Well, we've still got half a story to go, so I feel bad about joking about it after we've finished it. Yeah. I've still got to see our posts. Could be racist. Probably racist. Someone look up how this county voted in the last election. Yes. Do they all deserve? Do they deserve to die trapped in a hole? Underground. Quote, it almost feels like it opened up with her standing on top of it, Lamani said. That's fucking spooky. Don't say that in the news. That's really scary. Like you're just standing there and a hole sucked you out. But like a perfectly U-sized hole. A me more sized hole. Just a hole that's me more sized and no one else just sucks you down into the gullet of hell? This is my hole. You know? I think they're putting a bit of stank on that, to be quite honest. I think that me mores love to fall over. Yeah. She could have just walked into the hole. It doesn't have to have erupted underneath. Walked into the hole, like one step in front of the other and then, but. But maybe she was the catalyst for the hole opening up. It had already like caved in, but just this, there was like a superficial layer on top. Yeah. And then the gentle weight of a me more, of a Western Pennsylvania me more. Broke the seal like a reverse birth. Oh. Being accepted back into Gaia? I think this is a bad omen. I think the sinkhole meant to take someone else and it's going to be angry. And the entity is going to be angry. Yeah. Because this is just a me more and she wasn't meant to be out there. I don't think she was meant to be there. I think someone else was meant to be there. An evil person. Pepper went missing. Usually, I think like deer, maybe. You think that usually the entity is swallowing deer? Yeah. Although, yeah. I mean, the entity's got a recipe for venison and then me more shows up. They're making a venison ragu. Yeah. Now they're going to make me more ragu. Venison's from very red meat. Pollard lives in a small neighborhood across the street from where her car and granddaughter were located, Lamani said. The young girl, quote, not enough in the car and woke up. Grandma never came back, Lamani said. The child stayed in the car until two troopers rescued her. It's not clear what happened to Pepper. However, police said sinkholes are not uncommon because of subsidence from coal mining activity in the area. Oh. Or is it not uncommon? Man's hubris. Because of like the entity. Theo, what are you fucking eating? I'm eating a bolognese. You got another takeaway bolognese. Yeah. It's almost like someone said. People commented it's insane and I have to agree. It's weird. That's a weird thing to get from the shop. What do you mean? Someone commented there's like, I can't picture like what format it is. It's like a. It's a couple of takeaway bowl. It's a box that you would get like a stir fry in or something. Yeah. Something normal. Yeah. And a bolognese is in the box. Is there pasta? There is pasta. And I like pasta. Oh, okay. It's like a spaghetti bolognese. So what's the problem? I thought you were just getting a bolognese. What's the problem? It's not just a pile of bolognese meat. Like the time I accidentally bought a pack of ready-made curry from the shop to have for my lunch at work. And then I got into the microwave and it was just a pack of the curry meat. And I had to eat like 350 grams of microwave curry meat. Do you work from home on a Wednesday or do you work from the office? I work from home. Okay. And you like one of your favorite things in the world to cook is a bolognese. I love a bolognese. You love cooking a bolognese so fucking much. It's just a comfort for me. But the takeaway one's good. But the takeaway one's good too because I didn't have to cook it. On your lunch break, you could have done all your prep and then got it in the slow cooker, got it on your Dutch oven, and then like seven hours later, you have your perfect bolognese that you make. No, we've got some in the freezer. I could just warm it up. So that's the freezer's bolognese for different reasons. Yeah. You literally have bolognese at home. I have options. I've got bolognese options. What's the fucking problem? It's odd. You're doing odd shit. It's just strange. I just want you to stop doing odd shit. Stop doing odd shit. I don't know how. A team from the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection, which responded to the scene, concluded the underground void is likely the result of work in the Marguerite Mine last opened by the- Don't call it that. Don't call it that. Oh, the void? Something else. The absence of something? The underground empty space. The underground pocket. Hole. Anything. Hole. Yeah. It's a hole. Call it a fucking hole. Don't call it the underground void. Yeah. Okay. So Westmoreland County, which is where the unincorporated township of Marguerite exists. Oh, they sound unincorporated. That checks out. They're unincorporated as fuck. They're just like, we don't even know that we are a town. We don't have a fucking post office or shit. We're unincorporated, bro. Yeah. We have several stills. We've got some stills, they're probably saying. About 135,000 votes for Donald J. Trump. 74,000 votes for Kamala D. Harris. 567 votes for Jill Stein. Oh. Oh. Oh, yeah. Ride-ins. Here we go. 46 ride-ins for Robert F. Kennedy. 23 ride-ins for Mike Pence. So the Never Trumpers are going for Pence, right? Mike Pence. 11. Hold on, hold on. 7 ride-ins for Mitt Romney. 11 ride-ins for Ron DeSantis. And 12 ride-ins for Cornel West. Oh, dope. I want to fucking meet those people. I like the Cornel West. 4 ride-ins for Condoleezza Rice. What? What? What? Two ride-ins for Mark Cuban. Do they record these in America? I'm sorry. This is insane. They have recorded every individual ride-in vote. They keep going down. They wrote Condoleezza Rice. Not four people wrote Condoleezza Rice. Two ride-in votes. Sorry. How many ride-in votes for Mark Cuban? Two. Two ride-ins. What's the joke with Condoleezza Rice? Hold on. Two total and they were both on election day. Two ride-in votes for Hillary Clinton. One on election day. One got mailed in. Man. I wish we had this. That's deranged. That's a deranged thing to do. It's so cool. And it keeps going down and down and down. One ride-in vote for Dan Crenshaw. One ride-in vote for Thomas Jefferson. What if you just write like dick and bulls? That's not getting recorded. Do I have to regret it? I'm going down to. Oh, my God. Dick and space bulls. I think this is about to explain the answer to your question, Lucy. All right. So, we've got 46 votes written in for Robert F. Kennedy Jr., right? Okay. We have seven ride-in votes for Mitt Romney. But if we go way down the list, we have one ride-in vote for Mitt Romney. And we also have one ride-in vote for R.F. Kennedy. Yeah, I guess. Right down the bottom, we've got one for Ralph Nader. Good on him. One ride-in vote for Tony Stark. Okay. Now, that's funny. One for John McCain. R.I.P. One ride-in vote for Taylor Swift. Okay. We are truly recording them all. Oh, my God. This goes for so long. I wish we had. There are hundreds of pages of all of like the one ride-in vote. Three ride-in votes for Chapel Rowan. Imagine if you could just write Saddam Hussein. Now, that's comedy, baby. That is comedy. Chapel Rowan. That's good gear. One ride-in vote for Lana Del Rey. But it's very pleasing to me that Chapel Rowan got more ride-in votes than Hillary Clinton. That's funny. Yeah, me too. Now, I'm worried that maybe this Meemaw was one of our Cornel Wests. Or one of our Chapel Rowans. One of our people. Why do you guys say Chapel Rowan so funny? Yeah, it was so fun saying that. Oh, how do you say it? Yes. It's just Rowan. It's someone that's not me getting picked on for pronunciation. Roan? Like a Roan horse? Just like a Ronin. What do you mean? Like a Roan horse. Like a Roan horse. Yeah, like a Roan horse. I'd like it to be like three syllables, ideally. It's not Rowan? Like the... Oh, no. Like the riders of... Like the riders? Yeah, riders of. Riders of? Man, unbelievable. The underground void is likely a result of work in the Marguerite Mine. Last operated by the H.C. Frick Coke Company in 1952. The Pittsburgh coal seam is about 20 feet below the surface in that area. So Meemaw is in the coals now. She fell in the coal mine. She fell in the coal mine. I think she's working the coal mines for eternity now. Yeah. I hate it when I fall through the earth into the coal mine from the Silent Hill movie. Yeah, I hope it's not a fire. It's not a flame in there. I hope it's not constantly burning underground like the Steven Seagal movie, Fire Down Below. Yes. Or like the Silent Hill movie. Yeah. It was based on the real town. In those several towns in Pennsylvania. What are they called? They all have like weirdly pleasant names. Silent Hill. Yep. Very pleasant. Sounds quiet up there. That's what I'm thinking. Oh, Centralia. Centralia was one that I was thinking of. I feel like there's a couple. A Department of Environmental Protection spokesperson, Neil Shader, said the state's Bureau of Abandoned Mine Reclamation. Fuck. That's your status. Not good. Okay. We'll examine the scene after the search is over to see if the sinkhole was indeed caused by mine subsidence. Or don't fucking matter now. I hope you find Grandma. But like... Me... Like... This is really sounding like the cat disappeared and she followed the cat. Yeah. Who is nowhere to be found. Yeah. To the sinkhole. I think something sinister has gone on. Meemore's gone. Yeah. But she's not like gone gone. She's become a different version of herself. She's changed. Meemore... Meemore has changed. She's changed forever. You're not going to recognize Meemore if you cross paths with her again. And you'll tell your family. You'll say, Meemore's just different. And they'll be like, what are you talking about? She's always... It's just Meemore. And you'll be like, no, she's changed. You'll have a very far away look in your eyes and you'll seem distracted. And they'll ask you, like, what do you mean? Meemore's not... Like she's wearing Meemore's skin. She looks like Meemore. Yeah. She even smells like Meemore. But... And they'll call you crazy. That's not Meemore. That's not Meemore. My Meemore. You're saying Meemore's alive? Something's alive. We dug this mine on top of an Indian burial ground. You know? I mean, like almost certainly. I have no fucking idea how to segue between these two things. Okay. Okay. Let's... Let's... Okay. I find that when I don't know how to start a task, I break it down into smaller steps. Okay. All right. Let's start with... The step is do a segue. Okay. So we're starting off... Abandoned mine. We've got a big hole. Meemore's love easy. Amazing frozen meals. And some frozen meals are grocerant items. It's time for grocerant watch. This comes to us from the grocerant guru. Yes. It's been a while. It has been about a month, I reckon. It's been about three weeks? Two weeks? Three to four weeks, maybe. Do people still say it's been a hot minute? I would. I would. Yeah. I think maybe like millennials would. I don't think I'd say that. I think that's a little edgy from my kind of speech. Yeah. Lucy would say, a span of time has occurred. Yeah. Time has passed. Has Pizza Hut's marketing team lost its relevance? Probably. This guy is going for the big shots now. Yeah. Finger on the pulse. He's not holding anything back. No. Pizza Hut's latest marketing effort, introducing a tomato wine in partnership with Kansas-based Irvine's Just Beyond Paradise winery, raises significant questions about the relevance of its marketing strategy in a food industry driven by consumer preferences, mix-and-match meal bundling, and evolving tastes, according to Stephen Johnson, Gross Front Guru at Tacoma WA-based Food Service Solutions. To be clear, that's the guy writing this story, right? Is he referencing himself? Steve Johnson wrote this, yeah. Stephen Johnson, Gross Front Guru. He's doing the fucking Timothy Dalton hot fuzz. Pizza Hut. He's standing over the picture himself. Yeah. So this is a thing Pizza Hut USA has done. It's like one of those, like, hey, we're doing something funny. Something funny. Okay. Yeah. It's essentially, it's like a fruit wine, I guess. To generate. Yeah, because that's what tomato is. Tomato's actually a fruit. I tried Pizza Hut's new tomato wine. Tell me why it was garlicky. Was it garlic in it? I mean, it's the Pizza Hut tomato wine. It's the Pizza Hut tomato wine. It kind of does what it says on the bottle. Yeah. Like, there's no way it tasted good, but they don't give a shit about that. It sounds like they were doing it with a proper winery. But yeah, it's a novelty item. You know, it's like the fucking VB fragrance. Yeah. I don't know. The Halo body wash that we got sent. Yep. It's another item for the most annoying cunt you know to say, I actually liked it. I actually liked it. I actually thought it was really good. Did you guys hear about this? Did you guys hear about, have I told you? I did tell you about it. Well, like, just as a refresher, I actually liked it. This is the sort of shit where a company will spend literally like $2 million on it just so that 20 outlets will write a headline like, oh my God, Pizza Hut has a tomato wine and it's random as fuck. The marketing department's been working on this for like five years. Yeah. I probably wrote a couple of those headlines. You guys would run into like once a year the post about, oh, this, you bring back my childhood and it's a photo of the Pizza Hut all you can eat. Yeah. Buffet. Yeah. We still got one. You still got one? Yeah. Fuck yeah. We had them up until quite recently in Brisbane. I want them to bring back the Pizza Hut of our memories, but the Pizza Hut specifically of my dad's memories where he would go with his uni friends. This is when they had the like booths, the like four seat kind of cushioned booths and they had the overhanging glass light shades. Yeah. And which would attract just hundreds of moths in Brisbane. Yeah. And then his dad and his friends had a competition who could suck the most moths off the light shade with a straw, the big straws they give you. Excuse me? What? What are you talking about? I think that's, I think I've made my point. What? Are you just sucking up moth dust? No, moths. They're dusty, but they've got that dust on them. They've got that dust on them. Is it dust? Is it something else? Why are they so dusty? I think they're spores. I think it's dandruff. Moth dandruff, probably. Well, the initiative aims to elevate holiday gatherings with an unconventional pairing of pizza and wine. Is that a little joke? Are you fucking stupid, Stephen Johnson? Is it like a joke or is it not a joke? Are you joking right now? I don't think he's joking. This isn't how the Stephen Johnson that I know jokes. He doesn't seem like a real jokey guy. Like that's, I think he's being quite genuine in saying an unconventional pairing of pizza and wine. It's not followed by like a forward slash S, is it? No, there isn't anything to indicate his tone here. And there isn't like, you know, the emoji where it's like the upside down smiley face? Yes. Or the one where the smile's really wonky and one eye is kind of closed? Yeah. None of that. Yeah. An unconventional pairing of pizza and wine? Yeah. Strange. Have you been to Venezia? Have you ever? Have you been to Firenze? Yeah. Have you been to Roma? Have you been to Firenze? Napoli. Sardinia? I've never been to Firenze. Toscana? Cappucciosa. Garbagul. Sasuchi. All right. So next to Lucy's me more in the Ven thing, the bigger circle with stupid fuckheads. Let's put in. A little circle. Grocerod Guru. Yeah. Grocerod Guru. Didn't know pizza and wine together. Idiot. Idiot. It appears to miss the mark on several critical fronts. Instead of being an industry hit, tomato wine has industry experts and consumers alike asking, what are they thinking? Modern consumers are migrating toward grocerants and meal bundling solutions. Oh, here it is. Here it is. They should have. And this is just the grocerant guru speaking. It's just the. Done of a more of a grocerant thing. I agree, actually. You should have done more of a taking my advice as a consultant kind of a move. Yeah. It's a goaded move. Is this not grocerant? Yeah. This doesn't. This isn't a grocerant item to me. No. You don't think this is grocerant? Well, because grocerant items. I'm getting grocerant vibes from this. Grocerant's like something from the restaurant. Something from the store. That you can have at home. That is branded from the restaurant. Right. And this is something else. And this is not a lot. Like, obviously, you can do Pizza Hut branded ready-to-go pizzas from the grocery store. That's a grocerant item. That's a grocerant item. What has that got to do with this? Yeah. Well, they should have done grocerant. They should have gone grocerant. He's thinking, like, so just instead of doing tomato wine, they should have done grocerant. Yeah. Which is his solution to, like, most of the time. Or made the tomato wine a grocerant item. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because everybody's going to want some. Make sure you can pick it up at a 7-Eleven. While Pizza Hut's inclusion of the triple treat box, a well-priced bundle featuring pizzas, breadsticks, and dessert, is a step in the right direction, the pairing with tomato wine seems out of sync with consumer desires. A step in the right direction? Hey, Pizza Hut, if you ever want to get to the big leagues. Yeah. You've got to listen to Stephen Johnson from Tacoma, Washington. The introduction of tomato wine reflects a risky attempt at novelty that doesn't align with proven flavor trends. For example. Yeah. That's because it's a joke. You fucking idiot. Well, he hates that. He hates silliness. He hates novelty. He hates silliness. He hates the kind of joy of life. Yeah. This man lacks joie de vivre. Yeah. Ooh. That's our diagnosis. Ooh. Ooh. I have just found out that it did come with Pizza Hut branded wine glasses. Oh, fuck yeah. Yeah, I saw them. Lucy, you could have been drinking out of these every day. They're like that tacky, like, metal. They're like solid red. They're solid red. Oh, no. Oh, that's so dope. You could be having your Tempranillo out of room temperature metal. I guess you could chill it in the fridge real nice. You could chill it. You could chill it in the fridge. I've got to say, the shape on the glass is actually quite nice. It's actually quite nice. They've got like a contemporary wine glass. Like a wide base sort of tulip glass. Great for a red. Yeah. You get a branded. Perfect for a red. And I love the Pizza Hut logo. Oh, it's the classic wine. And it's in the shape of the Pizza Hut. So every time you look at it, you're reminded of the good times that you had there. You should be consulting for them. This reviewer from the Today Show says, I'm shocked to find there is an actual cork in the bottle and not a screw cap. I received the gift box with two commemorative stainless steel Pizza Hut wine glasses and a tomato red wine opener, which retails for $60. I don't think it does. A wine opener that retails for $60. I'm not sure that that's true. No, no. The wine and the glasses and the wine opener together in a box. Oh, all of it. Also, Americans are stupid. Like they think a cork means the wine is better quality. That's just, like it's not real. Idiot. It's not true. You're so dumb. But you're so stupid. You're so stupid. Where did mum go? Where we put her hands over her face? Yep. Fucking donkeys. How big's the dimple? How big's the dimple on the bottle? It's got a nice wax cover on it, though. I like that. Oh, yeah. That does. That reads as class to me. Kind of gives the wine bottle a foreskin kind of look. Yeah, it's kind of got a little foreskin on it. That's okay. As an example of what does align with proven flavor trends, he's got two point bullet points here. Yeah. Number one, flavors that resonate. Recent studies from Technomic reveal that consumers gravitate towards savory, smoky, and spicy flavors in beverages, such as jalapeno-infused margaritas or bourbon with hints of caramel and cinnamon. A tomato-based wine, though unique, is unlikely to resonate with a broad audience seeking more traditional or appealing flavor profiles. That's not the point. What are you fucking talking about? I don't think. It's a 60 bottle of wine. It's a joke. It's a joke. Pizza Hut should have made a bourbon to go with pizza? Are you fucking stupid? Where are they going to find? They should have made a nice Shiraz. A garlic Shiraz? Where are they going to fit the barrels in in the store? Are they going to throw out pizza? Yeah. And they need to sell those pizzas. They sell those pizzas. Because they're not called Bourbon Hut. No. Stephen. Oh my god, I'm reading a review of this. The first point in the gift box's favor is that the corkscrew works, but now that I've wafted the cork under my nose, I am quite taken aback. Why are you doing that? It's a joke wine. I was expecting just faint notes, a slim homage to the inspiration here. I thought maybe it would be tomato and fresh basil and just a nod to garlic down low. Instead, I am greeted with an aroma so strong as to evoke one of those housewarming tips like boiling water with orange peel and cinnamon sticks for a holiday atmosphere, except that someone has decided to simmer a bottle of Pinot Noir with a tablespoon of King Arthur's pizza seasoning. Sure. That's so great. All right. What did you expect? What did you fucking expect? Fucking tomato wine. I bought the joke wine and it was bad. Ask me anything. I'm a dipshit and I got a dipshit outcome. It is mercifully free of cheese flavor, but the pizza seasoning is unmistakable. There's a sweet, fresh tomato, especially up high, and then dried basil, oregano, thyme, maybe a little paprika, and most definitely, most assuredly, garlic. I understand what they're meant about that. Sounds like a nice Grenache. It sounds like exactly what he was describing, though. Consumers gravitate towards savory, smoky, and spicy flavors. Mm-hmm. He's delivering all of that. He, Mr. Pizza Hut, is delivering all of that. Mr. Pizza Hut. And his wonderful tomato wine. There's even a salty quality to it. It is absolutely hideous in a glass. And then this, as its own paragraph, this is the entire paragraph, undrinkable. Full stop. Maybe for you. Yeah, maybe for you. You know what? I'm going to start out with a, I'm going to drink a bottle of a beautiful Nero Diavola. Mm-hmm. Maybe a Dolcetto. Mm-hmm. Alianico. Maybe. And then, I'm going to drink the pizza wine. I'm not even going to fucking blink. It's going to disappear. You're going to see that go into the fucking forbidden zone. Put it down on the table, pop the cork out. Get going. Oh, I thought we just opened that one. Kirk, are you going to cook with this wine, though? Oh, yeah. Sounds like a good cooking wine. Hell, yeah. Use that as a base for a beautiful pizza sauce, for a beautiful ragu. Beautiful bolognese. I'm just learning for the first time that Campbell's made soup-infused chocolate truffles. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That sucks. I hate it when things are joke chocolate stuff. Oh, that's what you're talking about. We don't fuck around with chocolate. I think we were actually spoiled for joke chocolate products in the last couple of years. Yeah. Like, during COVID when Arnott's- Yeah, Cadbury went mental. Yeah, where they were like, hey, you know how we're like a giant evil mega corporation and we own every brand? We're combining all our shit now. Yeah. And you're like, oh, you got a Cadbury block of chocolate with Jats in it? Yeah. And then it was fucking delicious. I didn't have that. That sounds so good. Veggie my chocolate? Not good. That's a joke product. Oh, I didn't try that one. Okay. Yeah. Don't buy joke products. Maybe if we had like a labeling system where like sounds crazy but it's actually good. I'm a sucker. I love a joke product. Yeah. Yeah. I've been tempted by those coffee-flavored Doritos. Haven't done it yet, though. I have not been. I'm not curious. It doesn't sound good. Two bucks for a joke product, though. That's fine. Yeah. That's fine. If you're selling it for $2. The Coke Oreos, apparently disgusting. No. Well, okay. I don't mind them. Is it Oreo Coke? But Maddie fucking loves them. She's bought like four packets of them. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. I know that there's Oreo-flavored Coke. Are you telling me that there's Coca-Cola-flavored Oreos? From the Coca-Cola-flavored Oreos were first. Yeah. I've had a lot of those Coca-Cola-flavored Oreos now. Oh. And they're honestly pretty decent. Because it's just like, it's just cinnamon, basically. That's like the taste you're getting from the Coca-Cola. You think that's all Coca-Cola is? And I call them potato scallops. It's just... Number two. Perception matters. Yes. For many, the concept of a tomato-infused wine carries an element of ridicule rather than intrigue. Yeah. That's because it's a joke. It's a joke product. It's a shared joke at their expense. It's levity. Yeah. Yeah. So that they're not taking themselves too seriously. When food marketing becomes the butt of a joke, the brand risks alienating its core audience. Oh, I'd hate to alienate stoned guys. Yeah. Or like tired single mums. Like who the fuck is getting alienated from Pizza Hut? Is Pizza Hut still big in the US? Are we... I feel like Domino's has firmly taken over. Which is not fair because Domino's is dog shit. Garbage. It's also dog shit. And we're boycotting Domino's at the moment, I think. Good. Because of some ties to Israel, I think. And also because they're bad. That's good. I haven't been there in years. It's not good. On the outer, for sure. Like Domino's. I haven't seen the raw data, but I'm pretty sure Domino's dominating. Domino's. Yeah. Domination. Yeah. Yeah. Domination. Domination. Yeah. Domination. How come their cheese is white? What's up with the Domino's cheese? It's something else. How come it looking like that? I like the stuffed crust though. What are they putting in there? Marketing campaigns should create curiosity without diminishing brand integrity. Yeah. Like everything should work perfectly all the time. Grosser Aunt Guru. You fucking prick. You don't want people to suddenly start thinking that like takeaway pizza is bad. Or stupid. Yeah. If Pizza Hut had launched a wine with flavors complementary to popular pizza toppings, such as basil, garlic, or even smoked pepper. Okay. What was in the fucking ingredients list from that? No, no, no. It's saying complementary to those things. It's saying if Pizza Hut. That wine already exists. It's called Cab Cev. It's saying if Pizza Hut had launched. And this is fucking stupid. If Pizza Hut had launched a wine that paired well with pizza, it could have created a cohesive and compelling pairing. Shut the fuck up. Wine exists. You know what's worse than a Pizza Hut novelty wine? A Pizza Hut real wine. Yes. Yeah. That'll be dog shit. Even less likely for anyone to buy it, you know? Yeah. Hey, did you try the Pizza Hut Syrah? Oh, Pizza Hut Syrah? If you went down to like Pizza Hut or Domino's and they were like, hey, would you like a six pack of Domino's beer with that? You'd be like, no. Yeah. Domino's Italian pilsner? If it came free with it, I'm pouring that one by one down my sinkhole. Right on to grandma's head. If they had done that, it could have created a cohesive and compelling pairing. Even a bold red wine tailored to the spices in pepperoni or sausage would have made more sense. You're just describing red wine. People. You can get this anywhere. Pick up a Josh. Get a Josh. Fuck, man. Here's what Pizza Hut could have done differently. Number one. Leverage popular beverage trends. Offer a wine infused with herbs or spices that pair universally well with Italian inspired meals. What? You want an oregano infused wine? A basil infused wine instead? What are you fucking talking about, Stephen? Number two. Promote mix and match pairing. Provide curated meal and beverage pairings with clear recommendations, making the product part of a customizable dining experience. Like a restaurant? Yeah. I gotta say, I work in marketing and this guy's a fucking idiot. Yeah. He's getting in that Venn diagram. Like, this is stupid. You want Pizza Hut to provide like a wine pairing. You want a wine pairing from Pizza Hut. Pay like a 15 year old to be a sommelier? Yeah. You don't have to do a guided pairing at Pizza Hut. You just say, drink a red wine with the pizza. Just a red. Fucking drink an Italian white. Maybe a white. Drink any kind of wine. Who gives a shit? Yeah. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Hey, how about you get a fucking $10 bottle of wine and a pizza? $5. $5 yellowtail. Big, bold red. Yeah. Go nuts. Fucking hell. You're having a perfect night. Ooh, this red wine's very red winey. Oh, it's pizza. So pizza-ish. See, what they could have done. What they could have done was perhaps, you know, done some kind of brand pairing, some corporate synergy and offered bottles of yellowtail as part of a bundle. Yeah. 100%. The Italiano Special. Yeah. Get yourself a big margarita and a bottle of yellowtail Shiraz for only blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know what? Go for the younger demographic. Get some of that Unico Zello. Get a Unico Zello red. Get some orange wine. Oh, yes. A fun orange with a little pepperone. Maybe a Mr. Beast wineable. What are the logistics here, though? What are the logistics here if, like, a business like Pizza Hut or Domino's or whatever starts selling alcohol, like, via their website? You know? Are they suddenly going to have to, like, check ID? I think they got pizza tonight. They started doing it in Australia recently, didn't they? Did they? There's this pizza restaurant so you can get wine and beer from, I feel like, on Uber Eats. Yeah. No, the place I ordered from tonight, where you order directly from the restaurant, they don't do the Uber Eats or whatever. In COVID, they did it. Oh, okay. Just in Victoria and Queensland, they did VB, Great Northern Corona and 4X Gold. At Pizza Hut? So, you could get delivery from Pizza Hut that came with, like, a six-pack beer. Yeah. Now you've got to drink drive if you want that. Yeah. Yeah. So, the place I just got my pizza, we got pizza tonight and this place you can get, they've got, like, you can get capital from them. You can get bloody coronas. You know? You can get all kinds of stuff. Bloody good on them. Any crown lager? Uncle's Delight? Uncle's Delight. Oh, Uncle's Delight? No, that's too fancy. You've got to align it to the brand. I don't know about beer and pizza. What do you get the uncle that's got it all? Oh, beer and pizza is a heavenly combo. It's a nice combo, but, like, you're taking up a lot of space with those carbs. You are taking up a lot of space. You know? Like, wine allows you to eat more pizza. It's too brain-based. You need to hold space in your stomach for pizza. Yeah. I should have pizza for dinner. Number three, avoid gimmicks. Like, gross. Right at the end of this fucking list was, like, don't do it also. Yeah. A campaign tied to classic flavours or upscale holiday dining would have been less risky and more appealing to a demographic already receptive to holiday indulgence. So, the last one we looked at the Domino's menu, they had a Smurf's pizza that had, like, a blue sauce on it. Oh, the Smurf cum special? Yeah. Yeah, Smurf cum. Yeah. This is just, this is a man who believes that he has cracked the secret of the universe and it is the grocer experience. I love the grocer on Guru. Yeah. I fucking hate this guy so much. This is the maddest he's made me so far, I think. Just showing his ass. Like, you don't know what you're talking about. You have no fucking idea what you're talking about. He probably gets paid like a mint. He probably gets paid like a fucking fortune. Yeah. Our ideas are better. Look at me. I'm the grocer on Guru now. We are the grocer on Guru now. Mr. Beast, wineables. Wineables and a spicy veg supreme. Hey, we have personal issues with Stephen Johnson, the grocer on Guru. We talk about other people's personal issues in Paging Dr. Lucy. Have you guys seen a photo of the Gross Rock Guru? No. I've never seen the face of the Gross Rock Guru. Here it is. Who wants to describe him? Who wants to describe the Gross Rock Guru? Oh, my God. I don't know what I was expecting. He looks like a Republican senator. Well, like a Republican, what's that actor's name? Is it Stephen Toblowski? Yeah, Stephen Toblowski with a beautiful red tortoiseshell glasses. Like a fashion model gap between the front teeth. Like a Moss gap. An Andrew-ish. Just like me. An Andrew-ish. Sort of. Yeah. Like a future Andrew. He's wearing really fashionable tortoiseshell glasses. That's very generous for you to say very fashionable. Very fashionable, but in combination with a dog shit 1990s style polyester suit. And that tie? No good. Cornflower blue shirt, sunbeam yellow tie. Not looking good, pal. That shirt is radiating cornflower blue. That is the most powerful cornflower blue I've seen on a man. I was picturing a man. I'm going to say I was picturing in my mind's eye a 37-year-old man. Yeah. This is not a 37-year-old man. This is a 55-year-old man. I was kind of picturing a sort of Matty Iglesias sort of head. Yeah? Bounce on him. Yeah. Yeah, certainly. Hey, in February of this year, the grocer-aunt guru stated, quote, The Vision Pro headset has elevated every brand's relationship with every customer, making it a one-on-one immersive personalization experience. What do you mean? A slam dunk. I think we found a one-man Harbinger postcode. Yeah. Avoid this man's ideas and opinions if you can. Whatever he is into, it is not hot. It does not have the juice. I'm assuming he posted this before knowing what The Vision Pro was. Or how it sold like 10 headsets. It's a list of 10 ways in which The Vision Pro is going to change restaurant marketing strategies. Fuck. Number eight is dynamic menu displays. Say goodbye to static menu boards. What? I already got those. Restaurants could create dynamic AR-enhanced menu displays using the headset. As customers walk by, the menu adapts. No. What? Why do you need that? Why do you need the headset? We're all cruising around with our $8 million headset on. Have you guys ever seen in any setting whatsoever, an Apple store, the privacy of someone's home, out in public, fucking whatever, have you ever seen anyone wearing a Vision Pro headset in real life? No. I've never seen anyone wearing one, nor have I seen a headset. No. Unoccupied. Right. No one's walking down the street and being like, ah, immersive menu. Ooh, bundled items. I think the VR kind of world also, it's emblematic of the sickness of these people. They can only imagine technological breakthroughs in terms of how people can use it with purchases. Yeah. Like, oh, you can walk through a shop with it. Why would I hate walking through a shop? Why would I be wearing my headset at the shops? Doing any of that or putting a headset on to experience a virtual shop? I hate being in the shop. I remember watching the Steven Spielberg movie Minority Report where Tom Cruise is like walking through the subway and every ad is like scanning his eyes and shouting his name at him and thinking, I can't wait. I can't fucking wait for that to happen. We're getting there. I can't wait until every billboard can worm tongue in my ear. My leech. It would be dope if you bought these shoes. Pizza Hut. I don't think we're getting there. Tomato wine, my lord. Google has like, at this point, something approaching like 15 years of everything that I have written or posted online, which is a lot. Yeah. And they're still serving me ads for the army. Well, that's the fucking thing is that like we already have a system where the ads worm tongue you, but they don't do it by screaming in your like AR. They do it by just like the app is like, oh, this person is starting to think that they might be trans. Let's feed them some stuff about that. Like they, like the algorithm is already. Confirming something it thinks you're already doing. Let's throw it. Let's throw out some suggestions for what that could be. Used copies of Fallout New Vegas. That's right. Warhammer 40k figurines. Now, I know that we need to move on from the Gross Rock Guru. We are in a different segment now, but I have to read out number three on this list. So again, this is a man who sits himself down and he says, Linux laptops. How can I see the future and lead this industry to the promised land? Okay. And this is what he's come up with. Virtual food tasting. Shut. I don't think we have the technology. We do. We do. I saw it like last week. They've got a thing that like blends. Yeah. Unfortunately, we do. We've got taste division. I'm sorry. We've got taste division. It's not happening via fucking Apple Vision Pro. It's not happening via Apple Vision Pro, though. No, that is a missing piece that they will update in the next firmware rollout, I think. He says, with the Vision Pro headset, restaurants can take customers on a virtual food journey. Imagine patrons virtually tasting different dishes, exploring ingredients, and experience the ambience of various dining spaces, all before setting foot in the physical restaurant. Imagine the restaurant guru. Sorry. Grocerant guru. Grocerant guru. Virtually tastes my taint. Grocerant guru. Grocerant guru. I'm sorry, Ben. Please. This is from... Let's get this... Let's get in Dr. Lucy. Let's do this. Let's land this episode. Let's land it. This is from r slash swingers. People don't play at our parties. Oh. Like patty cake? What are we talking here? You know what they mean. I don't know what they mean. You know what play means to these people. No, because it could mean board games. It could mean Settlers of Catan with the expansions if they've got enough inventees. I believe we did an entire segment about this where somebody was asking for suggestions of icebreaker board games to use. Sexy board games, yeah. Ticket to Ride, the European map. Ticket to Ride, penis edition. Yeah. It just looked like you were going to try and get a pun or something in there. My wife and I hold monthly parties, alternating with another couple. They're based around a Facebook group of around 45 people, around half of whom attend any given party. Are the rest lurking or are they like waiting? Well, they're busy. Maybe they're waiting to see the attending list, you know? Imagine you get invited to a Facebook group by a mutual friend and it's like fun party group and you're like, cool, I'll try and get a fun party group. And then you're like, oh. And then the first post you see is a joint Facebook account, Grant and Linda. And they're both wearing like leather and they're like ready to play. You're like, ah. Shit, but you can't leave. That'd be kind of rude. I would never leave that group. I would want to see what was going on with that. I'd stay there forever, yeah. Yeah. I would love to see Grant and Linda in leather. Unfortunately, the first rule of whatever that group is, is that you have to fuck. Yeah. You've got to fuck on the first time you come. Yeah. If this is your first night. First night, yeah. You must fuck. Yeah. You have to come, yeah. Well, sex isn't just about coming, actually. What else is it? We've been holding them for five years and have grown into a close-knit group, adding new members by word of mouth and from people I contact via SLS. For a second there, I thought you were saying and by eye contact. I've been eye-fucking strangers until they agree to come to my house. Fine, I'll fuck your wife. I assume that's something lifestyle, but I'm not sure. People keep coming back, so they must be enjoying themselves. The only problem is they don't get naked or play like they used to. At the last party, I was naked, my wife wore a sexy outfit, and everyone else wore normal clothes. That's so funny. That's Babadook at the fucking Wine Mums Halloween. You're the weirdos. I don't think you have to come to the swingers party nude. Can't you start in like your normal clothes from what I've seen? You kind of take cues from the amount of clothes that other people have on? It's a swinger party. You don't have to be nude for it. That's the goal, right? That's the goal. Eventually. That's the goal, but what about the journey? Like a nice button-up? Maybe jeans? You could probably get away with jeans, but later on in the evening. You've got buttons up the side and you whip them off. You're sitting on the couch. You're sitting in a four-seater couch. Slutty outfit. Top buttons undone. Yeah. Yeah. I think I like the idea of it starting more as like a cocktail party. Yeah. You know, everybody can have a few drinks, loosen up, you know. And then suddenly it's like, oh, the Wilsons. The Wilsons are on the couch. Hey, we both wanted to sort of like suck and be sucked by the Wilsons. Mrs. Wilson's getting fingered. Yeah. Like that's much sexier than just like I'm imagining this guy sitting on the couch nude. Yeah. Everyone else has clothes on. He's got the exact kind of like feel and vibe of have you guys seen that something awful goon vomiting at a party photo? Where it's just like it's a huge nerd who's obviously having a bad time at a party. He's on a couch and he has vomited more than a human has ever vomited before in like human history. But now he's just sort of it's the acceptance phase where he's sort of just sitting in it. And that's what this man's nudity feels like to me. Yeah. This guy's like he's sitting there being like, hey, who wants to suck on this shit? Well, like everyone else is like playfully using a wine glass as an item of seduction, like brushing their lips against it before they have a sip of wine. And they'd be like, oh, oh, this Dolcetto is making me feel so carefree. I could just. I need to stand near this fainting couch. And this guy's like one dick, two balls. I am jacking off. Who would like to take over? Because my wrist is sore. Brushing my friend's wife's hair away from her neck to like gently touch her earring and ask her about it. While this guy's like, is anybody going to suck me? Hey, what do you think? What do you think is worse? Okay. Because it took me a second to get to this guy saying that they host the parties, right? It's in his house. It's in his house. Right. So which one is worse? Just open the door. Welcome to my pleasure-torium. Darren's nude. Oh, you might have noticed that I am semi-erect. That's the worst way to be, by the way, is just pointing straight out. It's no good. You want to be full on or nothing at all? Nothing at all. I think he's nothing at all. I think it's real. He's nothing at all. You want to limit the in-between phase to as short as possible. It's cold in there. He's going to have a bunch of bodies coming in soon. There's going to be 22 and a half people in there. He's looking like the ending to Observe and Report. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But he's saying to his wife, no, it's like penguins. Once there's enough of us in here, the space warms up. The space will warm up once the bodies are in here. The music is actually too loud at the start as well because acoustically all the bodies are going to absorb some of the sound. So which one's worse? You hold a swingers party and you answer the door nude, but every person who comes in is fully clothed or you arrive at a swingers party completely nude and everyone else there is clothed. I think it's like, of course, everyone's going to be fucking clothed when they arrive because they had to get there. I think it's definitely the former because with the latter, you can kind of go up. You know what? I've made a calculation in error. Yeah. I'm going to head on back. I'm a goofy guy. I was an eager beaver. I'll be back here in 15 minutes and we could just start this whole thing again. You know what? I'm going to go do a quick jack off and then I'm going to come back wearing sort of like fun, casual, but nice clothes. Party shirt. Flamingo shirt. Party shirt. I'm going to wear shorts and thongs, but like a fun vintage party shirt. And then I'm going to start sort of like giving your wife a back massage and you're going to like look at me being like, are you? And I'll say, I am. And then I'll fuck your wife. Yeah. And we're fine. There's no problem. But right now. Ben's going to wear his original cut ruggers, not the newer cut with the longer inseam. No underpants. And he's going to sit straight down on that couch. Yeah. They don't all arrive there in the mask and the robe with the dick and shit hanging out at the front in the eyes wide shut party. No. They have the mask to begin with, but they also have clothes on. It's kind of the suggestion. The suggestion. The suggestion. The suggestion. You can sort of tell because she's wearing a low cut dress. Yes. But like there's a little hint of lace just above the cut. And you're like, oh. Where's the hint of lace? Oh, it's an evening of sexiness. I'd also like to know what day of the week the party is on. Tuesday. Yeah. Because if it's like if it's Tuesday and I just finished work and like said goodbye to the babysitter and stuff. We got a fucking Uber here. I forgot this was on. Yeah. I get an Uber there. I forgot we had the sex party tonight. I'm pushed. And I open the door and Jerry is standing there like, what's the fucking deal? Yeah. Why can't I see your dick? You're vanilla? Are you looking me up and down at my normal regular clothes? Hey, Jerry, how about you say hi? How about you ask me how my week is? Yeah. How about you ask me about my day for a while? How about you run your hand through my chest hair? Yes. Yeah. I got a few buttons undone, suggestively. Just a few buttons. Have you guys ever heard of like a little bit of body fat, a little bit of chest hair? A little bit of body fat, a little bit of chest hair. A little bit of muscle underneath though so you can be, oh. Is this incidental exercise? Because you don't look like you. You can tell it's fat on the body, but you can tell that he works out. You look so strong. Actually, can you help me move the pool table over there? Because we might want to fuck her. Oh, you did that by yourself. A little bit of chest hair. We can put a cover down on the pool table, by the way. I got one of those Instagram blankets where you can just put them through the wash no matter what liquids you get on there that I keep getting advertised. Not sure why. Yeah. Very strange. I don't know if you guys have seen those. I've seen those. Interesting. I have to get ads for the army. Interesting. Very strange. Okay. Only about six people headed off discreetly to the bedroom to play and the rest just ate, drank and had lively conversations. Sounds like six more than none. Sounds great. Yeah. I get that you're very fixated on the group sex aspect of this, but if you're sustaining a weekly alternating venue, weekly gathering where everyone's having a great time just chatting and having some drinks and a few people are in a group sex situation, awesome. Really, that's the ideal, right? If you're an adult and you have a weekly thing that you do with a shitload of friends, how the fuck is everyone finding the time? Yeah. That's amazing. Also, I'm going to assume that the six people that headed off are the hot people. They're the hotties. They're the nice. And let's be real, everyone came there to have sex with that guy's wife, but that guy's wife is busy with somebody else. So it's like, you don't have to just pair off because you're the ones that are left. I don't think it's the hotties. If it was the hotties, everyone would be in there. I think if you see the seven goes into a bedroom with a nine and you're a five, you're thinking, well, I'm not in the nines league, but I am in the sevens league sort of kind of. So like I could kind of tag along into that situation. I think these people should just be fucking thrilled that they can have 25 people go to a gathering every week and have a great time. Yeah. And I think a lot of these people are so fixated on the sex aspect of what they're doing that they don't care about the sexiness aspect. They don't care about the sensuality or the seduction. The sensuality, the flirtation, the seduction. The lead up's like 90% of it. Oh, the seduction. Oh, I'm like, I've always wanted to fuck Craig's wife, but we've never quite done it. But she's sort of. Yeah. It's like, what if Craig's wife just shows up nude? Yeah. Is that that exciting? Maybe. If she just like stands nude in front of me, it's like, all right, do you want to fuck? I'm like, okay, sure. But what if I tell her a story about my day and when she laughs, she doesn't put her hand on my shoulder. She puts her hand so her like her fingers are resting on one of my pecs. Yeah. And she throws her whole head back. What if I feel like I'm the only man in the room when she speaks to me? It's like there's literally no one else there. How do we find ourselves here? She just like sort of put her hand to her table and said, oh, I need to just lie down for a second. Do you want to come and keep talking to me? Because I'm loving this conversation in the master bedroom. The one that I know has a spa in it. Yeah. It's pretty loud out there. You should shut the door behind. Oh, crazy. Hey, this was definitely an episode of the podcast. Buntavista. It was. Thank you so much for joining us. Wow. The world is such a beautiful place. And honestly, every week I feel so thrilled that we get to cast our eight eyes around the world and take in something new and think about something we've never thought about before. And I hope you. We're learning with you. Go to think about something. Yeah. We're on this journey together. We're thinking, do I want to fuck someone else's wife? Do I want my wife to be fucked by someone else? Maybe. Maybe. New ideas. How much flirting would I like to happen before that? Probably a hard no from me as well. But tomato wine, that's interesting. Ooh. I think I'll try that. If you liked listening to this bonus episode, great. You paid for it. Well done. Smart choice. If you didn't, next one could be better. Who knows? Who knows? Most are worse than this. Yeah, but this is probably one of the better ones. I mean, I had a great time. I had a blast. It doesn't get better than this. Don't. Or does it? It could. We will definitely see you on the free episode. Stay safe out there. If you got to try the pizza, tomato wine, and you tried it with an open heart and an open mind. Oh, please write it. And an open mouth. And an open mouth because you were drinking it by the bottle at a party that you didn't really want to go to. If you had it via an IV, it doesn't count. You got to taste it. Tell us about it. If you had it going in with a cynical mind, I don't fucking care. I don't want to hear about that shit. Yeah. I don't want a jaded, cynical, closed off approach to this tomato wine. I want someone who genuinely was ready to enjoy themselves to tell me about it. If your heart is closed, we cannot commune. Yes. Yes. Open eyes. Open heart. Open wallet to pay for the Bitters episodes. We will see you next week. Stay safe out there. Bye! Bye. Can you explain to me now If you were still able Last time I think you know the truth There's a hole in the end I'm mine The leader of my friends They are the chain of time There's a hole in the end I'm mine There's a hole in the end This chain of bound This is the end Somewhere this is the end