Alright, we all good?
Yeah, well, it doesn't matter, we're already going.
I was about to say, no, I made an executive decision.
I have a new microphone stand, this is really nice.
I saw it!
It looks nice!
Oh my god.
Nice.
Yeah, it goes up, it goes down, it goes up, it goes down.
I can rotate it, it doesn't get mad at me.
This is great.
Intriguing.
This is fantastic.
Better living through technology.
I was about to say, yeah.
This is a bonus episode that I've written, we're gonna be recording it sort of a month
in advance.
It's gonna be about the Bodyline tour, but it's also gonna be the first episode, the
first bonus episode since beer, that I've recorded with a significantly elevated blood
alcohol content.
So, I apologize in advance.
Yeah, I got invited to a wine bar and I didn't want to be rude, so at time of recording I've
had quite a lot of wine, and that's gonna handicap my ability to explain the greatest
sport on the face of the earth to you two.
It's okay, I've also had a higher blood alcohol content than normal, on account of
just drinking all day for no reason.
This is a very alcoholic podcast.
Crap.
In a lot of ways.
Ah.
Milkshake is being affectionate.
That motherfucker bit my beard.
Ow!
That sounds like it really sucks.
That's what he does, that's what he likes to do.
He is lucky he's so handsome.
He is vicious.
He is a vicious cat.
He is very lucky he's so handsome.
So this is gonna be a very sort of loosely structured episode.
This is an Alice one, boys and girls.
That's right.
Red non-binary pals.
You gave us your money, you gave us two dollars a month.
That's a good thing, it's a good thing, because I can't see the screen right now,
because Milkshake has his blood in my face.
You are so god-disced, why are you like this?
Yes, that's how cats say hi.
Hi, here is my asshole.
Hi Milkshake.
Do you guys not introduce yourselves with your assholes?
Have I been doing it wrong this whole time?
I mean, for the right woman, maybe, but like...
To be fair, I've seen your Tumblr presence.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
I had to pick one social media site that I was gonna have a little bit more of a sort
of risque presence for, and Tumblr was it.
Yeah.
But you see before you a game of cricket.
Yes.
And I'm now, I've sort of cursed myself.
Next slide, please.
Hold on, I'm trying to find this.
Yes.
Yes.
Alright, so I've cursed myself, because I have sort of set myself up to try and explain
to two Americans what cricket is and how it works.
So, I...
I believe that if you are an American and you learn how cricket works, they put you in a
black van and take you away.
Yeah, they're gonna get you for this.
I...
I used to know.
Used to know, excuse me.
I used to know.
I used to know.
Hey, so you guys aren't the only ones capable of drinking on the pond.
100% not good to drive right for recording this.
Good.
No.
No.
No.
Not at all.
Really, it would be bad.
I had a really nice Sangiovese, and then I had like two glasses of dessert wine.
I shouldn't have done that.
I feel bad about it.
I...
I...
Especially shouldn't have done it before work, but...
Yeah, so cricket...
Cricket is, um...
Trying to explain this in American context.
It's narrow baseball.
What?
Well, where's all the other fielders?
Oh, there are fielders, you can't see them in this image.
Are they just out of frame?
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's a whole sort of like, round pitch.
Oh.
They're all out of frame laughing with me too.
That's right.
There's a whole round field, and then there's this rectangular pitch in the middle of it.
Oh, I'm looking.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
So, instead of one guy batting who gets to go around four bases, there are two people
batting who get to go back and forth, right?
Right.
Right.
And there are a few other wrinkles that make it more strategic than that, but in general...
Is it a legitimate strategy of cricket just to simply throw at your guy's
head?
Like, a lot.
This is what we're gonna be talking about.
This is the theme of the episode, is the one time that we tried to do that.
Now, it isn't.
In terms of, like, this is a bit of a spoiler, but it's against the laws of cricket, which
is a sort of grandiose way of saying the rules of cricket, to do sort of like, what's
called oppositional bowling.
Is this like ungentlemanly warfare?
Yeah, but if you remember the Simpsons joke about, because of me, there's a warning.
This is why there's a rule that you can't do oppositional bowling.
Oh, terrific.
I always love when we find out the reasons you can't do shit.
Yes.
Yeah, exactly.
The safety rule book is written in blood.
Genuinely true.
There will be some bloodshed before we get to the end of this.
There will be deaths, but there will be blood.
Oh, I guess I'm just built different.
If it were me, if I'm hurling the ball, am I the bowler, right?
Yes.
Okay.
If it were up to me, Braz and I would be the deadliest cricket team ever formed.
I believe this, to be honest.
Not good!
Notice I didn't say good team, notice I said deathliest.
You would be a sort of West Indies team from the 70s or 80s, but I'll get to them later
on.
We're gonna murder someone and steal the ashes.
Yeah.
I mean, people have been killed in cricket games.
Again, not in this, but it's, you know, if you see the batsmen here, you see that they
have big pads over their legs, and helmets, and the reason why is because a cricket ball
is like, it's a hard object, it's harder than a baseball, made of cork and leather, and a
good pace bowler can get that well into the 90s of miles an hour.
Oh!
Oh!
It's like getting drilled with a high-light ball.
Yeah, it's gotta bounce off of the pitch, but like, if it hits you, it can still kill
you.
So, something to be sort of like, aware of at bat is the idea that this is a very,
like, it's a sort of small, very hard projectile coming towards you, and you have very little
reaction time from a fast bowler.
I think there's been like, sort of, interesting studies of the neurology of cricket batsmen,
and there's a kind of, a thing that you see in baseball as well, where they're reacting
before your reaction time is supposed to kick in.
Where it's just sort of like, working on instinct, or like, training, or whatever.
Sure.
But, so, cricket is like, it's a longer played, more strategic baseball, kind of.
How could anything be goddamn longer than baseball?
Yeah, I was about to say, I hear these stories about like, you got 203 runs, because
someone threw the ball on a tree.
Yeah, well, it's because there are different kinds of cricket, but cricket matches can last
days, potentially.
And every attempt to make cricket more marketable has been to try and compress that down so you
can fit it into one day.
And it's always been a struggle.
Essentially, what needs to happen is that every, sort of, bowler needs to make, like,
six legal throws at each batsman, you know, unless they get them out first.
And that takes a long time.
When they do all of that, you know, one direction or another, that's in innings.
Then you have two innings each side, so that's a test match.
We'll get there.
But the point of this is that it takes for fucking ever.
It's a very long game.
Yes.
Yeah, I, listen, I've played Commander of Magic the Gathering.
I get it.
So, there are different kinds of cricket.
This is the one that we're gonna be talking about, is the one that takes forever.
The clothes are white, the ball is red.
It's called Test Cricket.
It's the most...
This is the premiere one, right?
Like the most famous version?
Yeah, it's the most trad, and the most prestigious, and this is gonna be the one that we're talking
about today, but...
It doesn't sound like it's necessarily the best.
It sounds like it's just...
Yeah, I mean, it's sort of like, it's kind of apples and oranges to compare.
A lot of it is sort of like, for instance, the most recent Ashes was absolutely riveting
to watch, but in a way that required you to keep in your head what had happened over the
past, like, month.
Oh.
Compare and contrast.
Next slide, please.
Okay, Milkshake has left my face so I can do this.
Thank you, Milkshake.
Thank you, Milkshake.
The attempts to try and make cricket watchable, which are generally referred to as limited
overs cricket.
An over is like the six legal balls thrown at a batsman.
By changing the number of overs, you can get a much faster and more exciting game.
This is wildly popular.
Like, genuinely, as much as I think of Americans as being chauvinists for calling baseball the
World Series when they're the only ones in the world who play baseball.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
We could have one Japanese team.
I think it would be honestly such a big game.
It would be fucking rad if we did it how Little League does, where it's one American team and
one international team.
It would be absolutely fucking rad to get our asses absolutely blown off by some Dominicans.
Yeah, no, we get the doors blown on us by Hokkaido.
Yeah.
Some dude with an unpronounceable, to me at least, name throwing a 109 mile an hour fuel,
yeah.
This is genuinely, it's been a thing in cricket, where you've had like an England
11 against a rest of the world 11.
Like, you can do this.
They do that in the NBA All-Star game weekend.
Hell yeah.
But yeah, so, I've just been, like, you just, you know, you, like a big titty anime
girl just does three home runs, you know?
I would, yeah, it's Hentai League of their own.
You'd watch that, shut up.
It's all baseball episodes.
So, you paid us for this, you stupid fox.
That's true.
I'm gonna put a marker down here, which is, if you don't either know
or care about cricket, you are racist.
Um, because, in terms of...
Oh, yeah, I already follow like five sports, Alice.
Six.
You should pick up another one.
Yeah, number six is right here.
Of the sort of sports of the world, by number of people who are invested in them, cricket
is definitely up there.
Because of us, because of British people, because we did imperialism, and we did a colonialism,
and we did a no growth, and now, everywhere from...
You infected the gallant Indian people with cricket.
Exactly!
Exactly.
Now, everywhere from like Barbados to Bangladesh is very into cricket.
Um, and they get very, very excited about it, as we do.
I've said here in the notes that if you were ranking loudest sporting events in the world,
by crowd noise, it would be like, at the top, some like, South American football team.
Right, coming out to Stadium Azteca and just hearing like, your name chanted by 90,000
fucking people.
Yeah.
And the other thing, like, you know, El Maracana or something, it's like two cross-town teams
in a South American country.
The match is called like, El Hyper Mega Super Classico.
Uh, all of the stands, like, you know, everybody's ears are bleeding from how loud it is with
everybody singing.
That's number one.
Number two is like, the Super Bowl or whatever, I guess.
And then, number three is a sort of like, middle ranking IPL match between two relatively small
Indian cities who both have teams named the Super Giant Mega Kings.
That fucking rolls.
Like, yeah.
That's the best part of like, for me, college football, is like, these teams that like,
only these cities and kind of like, areas of a certain state care about, but they'll like,
ride or die for them.
Yeah.
Although, it kind of...
No one even knows what their name for.
Their mascot is Goku.
Yeah, the Super Knights, you know, whatever.
But like, the funny thing is, or the humbling thing is that you look this up on Wikipedia and
you're like, oh, this city that I've never heard of has a higher population than New York City.
Um...
Maybe they have a good reason to be sort of like, this big of a deal.
What the fuck is Chandigar?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Where is Chennai?
Yeah.
So, limited overs cricket is by far the more exciting form to watch.
The players wear colours, the ball is white rather than red so it shows up better on TV,
you can play it under floodlights because it kind of tends to go into the night.
It's a lot of fun.
And you're sleeping on it because you're racist.
Um...
Now, like any successful sport, this is also a huge nexus of corruption and exploitation.
Um...
Weirdly often, including the players, there's a ton of like, bribery scandals and match fixing
scandals and wire fraud scandals.
It's like baseball back in the bad old days, right?
Like, you get into some Hansi Kronje shit.
Like, it happens.
But no one's ever, you know, been told by mystical voices to build a cricket field in
their cornfield, you know?
I mean...
You build it, it will come.
I'm fairly certain that the big cricket stadium in Mumbai is there because the old colonial
governor of Mumbai wanted to play cricket more than he wanted to be governor of Mumbai,
so maybe there is some Field of Dreams shit happening after all.
Yeah, so Test Cricket is like, boring and staid and respectable, and then, like, Limited Overs
Cricket in its various forms is, you know, you come out and like, one trillion people
are screaming your name.
It's a good time.
Um...
I mentioned this for two reasons.
One, general context, and to call all of the viewers racist, right?
But, um...
Two, because...
Right, yes.
We have to denigrate the people who pay us money.
Exactly.
Exactly.
But second of all, because we're gonna spend the whole...
This is sort of a Findom situation.
That's right.
I thought we could have made it this whole episode without getting into Findom.
Yeah, the last slide is like a very high resolution photo of my feet.
Um...
No, it's Roz's feet.
Yeah.
That's what the people really want.
You don't want to see that.
I've seen your feet, they're not that bad.
I mention this because we're gonna spend the whole rest of the episode talking about Test
Cricket, and I don't want people to get the impression that that's what
cricket is exclusively.
To be honest, it's like less and less relevant every year.
And it's this thing where it monopolizes a lot of the discourse around cricket.
Does it monopolize sort of the prestige you were saying?
Yes.
Yeah, 100%.
I mean, even within these countries, like the Indian Test Cricket team, or the Pakistani
Test Cricket team.
Um, but, you know, essentially Test Cricket is kind of shrinking and turning into a corncob
before our very eyes.
Are you saying Test Cricket, please ignore?
Yeah.
Very much, yeah.
I mean, this in itself is like a controversial thing, but like, yeah, that's my contention
here is that like, pay more attention to Limited Overs Cricket if you don't, you're racist.
Next slide, please.
Okay.
Does he have to let it cover cricket?
Let's find out.
Should do.
So, there's this idea, and I think this is in common with a lot of sports, that back
in the day, and there was a like, back in the day, cricket used to be this nice gentlemanly
sport where everybody wore top hats.
Um.
As we see here, yes.
Yes, this here in the centre is maybe the best Victorian cricketer of his age, W.G.
Grice.
Doctor W.G.
Grice.
Is he that guy who wrote Richmond north of Richmond?
Yes.
He was just sort of like a nice country doctor who, incidentally, was sort of like
a cricket amateur, and one of the best to do it.
Because cricket again had this reputation of being a game for gentlemen amateurs who didn't
need to get paid for it, who had like, had independent means.
And was this sort of game that existed in a spirit of like, gentlemanly conduct, right?
You still see this even amongst like, more trad cricket people that like it.
There's a side of like, when cricket was cricket.
When it was all sort of like, this is like eternal village green of, you know, good sportsmanship.
Oh, sure.
Way back when you didn't have to be good at it.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
Which admittedly I sympathize with.
Mmhmm.
Next slide, please.
Ross is really struggling on a...
something at a right guard for the...
Mmhmm.
Yeah.
I just wanna do some really shitty golf, that's what I wanna do.
I wanna be really...
We should talk about golf at some point.
I wanna have an excuse to go golfing and be really bad at it.
We should talk about like, golf as a sport, or like the masters or something.
But yeah, so one thing I really wanna emphasize at this point is that, from the day that cricket
cricket was first formalized to today, all cricketers are cheating, whinging, venal hypocrites.
Same as in a lot of other sports.
He ain't cheating, he ain't trying.
That's the damn truth.
That's the damn truth.
But like, both cheating and also being kind of like a giant hypocris about it, and complaining
that my opponents are cheating, that I'm not cheating, I'm hearkening back to this 19th
century idea of sportsmanship.
I was gonna do a whole thing here about the Ashes and the Beersdow dismissal, and like,
essentially the short version is that like, Australia played in a way that might be considered
bad faith, but was not against the rules, and then we in England lost our entire shit
and the mask really slipped for a minute.
Like, we have a lot of sort of very well-heeled members of the MCC, which is sort of like our
cricket administration, and also like, sort of luxury club, who...
One of them managed to, like, racially abuse one of the Australian players, who wasn't even
involved in this.
It's just really, like, ill-tempered all round.
And that kind of speaks to the point that I want to make here, which is that there is
a loss of ill-temper in cricket, it is often very poorly concealed, and there is a fig leaf
of sportsmanship that, you know, as often as not is purely fictive.
Sure.
I also want to say, just because this is a fun story, so the object of cricket when
you're batting is to, like, keep the ball from knocking these horizontal bales over these
vertical stumps, to keep them from, like, knocking it off.
And you do this with this bat that you see here, with a sort of like, normal width.
On September 23rd, 1771, which is like, way way back in the early days of cricket, a batsman
called Thomas Daddy White came out to bat for Surrey with a bat as wide as the wicket
itself.
I like it.
Like, foot wide bat.
On the basis that, like, there's no law against it, what are you gonna do?
Nothing says a dog can't play basketball.
Show me the rules!
Exactly.
Cricket has loved two things in this world, playing cricket in incredibly bad faith, and
complaining about their opponents doing that, and how that's ruining this sort of, like,
mythical thing of the spirit of the game.
Which has not been true since Napoleon conquered the era.
It's never been true.
It's literally never been true.
In the 18th century it wasn't true.
Wait, did we establish this, what the fuck is cricket?
Cricket is narrow baseball.
Narrow baseball.
Narrow baseball.
Okay, yeah.
Narrow circular baseball.
I'm gonna be five seconds, but this is really interesting, so I just need to turn my office
light off.
One second, one second.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no worries.
We never saw Liam again.
Yeah.
So, we now descend into our narrative, as best I can remember it.
I put in very sparse notes in the slides.
Okay, I'm back.
Welcome back.
So, to set the scene, it is now the early 1930s.
Okay.
What happened to the last 160 years?
Don't worry about it.
They played a lot of cricket, it was more or less boring, you can write it in the comments
to get mad at me.
So the 1930s, so we have rescued you from Passchendale.
Yes.
The early 1930s, I'm gonna go and make a bunch of stock market bets I think will play
out, actually.
Yeah.
100%.
The wide bat controversy, oh that's terrific.
Actually, I'm gonna go kill Hitler.
I don't know what the hell the rest of you are doing.
I'm gonna go kill Hitler.
You're gonna kill Hitler, you're gonna make some stock market bets.
I like you implying that I, the Jewish member of this podcast, would not kill Hitler.
No, because you don't care enough about Hitler.
You're too busy making stock market bets.
That's the anti-Semitic canard of this podcast.
At least I'm going to kill Hitler.
I don't give a shit about anything.
Well, at least one of us, so long as one of us kills Hitler, you know, maybe, like,
who else are we, in the 1930s I could kill like, Juan Peron, or something, like, Alfredo
Stroessner.
There's gotta be people who are alive in the 30s beside Hitler.
I mean, probably other Nazis, you could go and kill like, Reinhold Heydrich or whatever.
Well, this is probably like a multiple...
He's gonna get gotten for a couple years.
Honestly, this is probably a multiple-person operation, we could all go kill Hitler.
Operation Anthropoid 2!
Yeah, but when you just kind of Kaiserreich it, and you go like, the causes of Nazism
are like, more approximately the loss of the First World War, so therefore we gotta like,
intervene to make sure Germany wins it.
No, I'm just gonna kill Hitler.
Okay.
I actually, honest to God, was making sure that Anthropoid was the name, and honest
to God, in Google, I searched Anthropoid 2.
Yeah, the sequel where they kill Heydrich, too.
I actually highly recommend, the movie Anthropoid is okay.
Anthropoid is pretty good.
I recommend the novel HHHH.
Did you ever see Operation Daybreak?
Uh, Remind Me?
Which is about Anthropoid.
I...
It's very good.
Who's in it?
Oh.
God.
Uh, no one.
Okay.
Timothy Bottoms?
Martin Shaw?
Does that do anything for ya?
No.
No.
Joss Ackland?
Anyone?
I'm seldom doing anything for me.
Goddammit, Al!
So, it's the 1930s.
It's the 1930s time.
It's the 1930s.
After the First World War.
We were attempting to kill Hitler.
Before the First World War.
Yeah.
And, this is the other thing.
If you look at WG Grace, way back two slides ago, on slide four, two things about him.
He lived in, like, olden times, and he was also very, very fat and unhealthy, which is
quite funny for someone who runs up and down, sort of like, on an amateur basis.
Who is an athlete.
Yeah, exactly.
And this was true of, like, most cricketers.
Um.
Most of the-
It's like professional bowling.
Yeah.
Most of the best old cricketers have died of old age.
All of their replacements have been killed in the First World War.
Um.
Because cricket and the public schools and the army are very closely, sort of, linked together,
as, you know, sites of social reproduction of masculinity.
Right?
And so, as we see here on this war memorial, all of these guys from Worcestershire County
Cricket Club all joined up and they all got killed.
Um.
Yes.
And so, like, that is very personally apparent to me, because I went to an English public
school, um, which had a lot of, like, war memorials, and which also had a lot of cricket,
sort of like, honor rolls, very closely coterminous.
Um.
So...
All of this having been said-
None of them managed to hit Hitler over the head with the big cricket bat.
No, no, no, World War I, they didn't manage to hit the Kaiser over the head with the cricket
bat.
Goddamn.
Well, that's because he's got a spike on the helmet, you can't really do that.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's just sort of like, you know, fending them off with the big pickle, however.
Yeah.
Um.
And again, this is sort of like a general theme, right?
Is that, like, you know, um, the 19th century was sort of prelapsarian and nice, and everybody
was playing cricket, and then everybody sort of like, then industrialization happened, and
everyone had to walk into the machine guns, and niceness was over.
Yeah.
This is sort of a false narrative for reasons we've explored elsewhere.
We'll probably explore again.
Um.
But it persists in cricket.
Um.
So, this being the 1930s, I now have to tell you a story about two men.
Next slide, please.
So World War I was the last, the first war that wasn't cricket.
That's true!
Genuinely, yes!
Yeah.
I will have a quote about things not being cricket later on.
Um.
So, this is Don Bradman.
And Don Bradman is one of the all-time Australians to ever Australia.
Um.
Better than the Emu Wars.
Yeah, exactly.
I should be a bit careful.
He built the wall to keep the rabbits out.
Yeah.
It didn't go so well.
I should be a bit careful about Don Bradman, because, like, as much as there are-
As much as there are-
As much as there are contromesies about him.
He was, like, almost only Australia's first celebrity.
But he was cricket.
Yes!
Yeah, absolutely!
He was probably, like, one of the best batsmen, particularly, of his age.
Um.
And, to this day, Australians love this guy.
He's, like, completely self-taught, from the middle of nowhere, some, like, cattle station
or whatever in, like, New South Wales.
Um.
You know.
The myth is, like, grows up playing cricket with, like, a stump or whatever.
Um.
And he just, like, rises meteorically, because he's really fucking good at cricket.
Um.
He is the good guy in this story.
Which is kind of a shame, given that, like, he was not always the good guy in real life.
Um.
Oh.
Wow.
I don't mean to cancel him, right?
Like, he did some good things, even in later life.
Like, he was single-handedly responsible for maintaining Australian cricket's boycott
of apartheid South Africa.
Nice!
Yeah.
There you go.
People are a land of contrast.
He was not racist.
He may have been engaged in a kind of, like, cult slash MLM at times.
Happens to the best of us.
Nobody does.
Yeah.
He might have been, like, very difficult to get along with.
Um.
But he was a great crickacer and he was not racist.
Um.
And...
It was difficult to get along with, because the people he was trying to get along with
were Australian.
Yeah.
I assume this guy did his level best.
What the fuck is wrong with you people?
Yeah.
Oh, that's, oh, just casually the most racist thing I've ever heard in my life.
Alright, let's do this.
Yeah.
So, Don Bradman is, like, Australia's secret weapon.
Um.
I have a quote from London's News Chronicle.
As long as Australia has Bradman, she will be invincible.
It is almost time to request a legal limit on the number of runs he should be allowed
to make.
He's a really good batsman.
Um.
I don't want to be mean to the British- no, that's not true.
I love being mean to the British.
No, please, be mean.
That's fucking embarrassing.
It is.
No, he's too good, what are we supposed to do?
Yeah, calling the cops on the Haces.
Yeah.
I have a question.
Are you gonna say, what's cricket again?
Mm-hmm.
Well, I'm not gonna say that, but I'm gonna say something which is basically the same,
which is, how do you score a run in cricket?
Okay, so, uh...
Right.
If the ball is bowled towards you, you hit the ball.
There is a boundary around the outside of the sort of like, big, circular cricket ground,
right?
Right.
If it hits that, you get four runs automatically.
If it goes over it like a home run, you get six runs automatically.
Otherwise, it's, you hit it, and it's however many times you and the other guy with a bat
on the opposite base can run back and forth before, you know, the ball gets back and,
you know, you get threatened with being out.
Oh, I see.
So, they have to hit you with the ball?
Or how does that work?
Yeah, you have to knock the bales, the horizontal bales, off of the vertical stumps you see behind
our boy here.
Oh, this thing here.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah.
That thing together is called a wicket.
That's what a run is.
I always wondered what a wicket was.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's sometimes used idiomatically for like, the whole pitch.
So like, if the pitch is like, wet and drying, that's a sticky wicket, which is also sort of
like, metaphorically something that's difficult.
But that's what a wicket is.
Okay.
I've learned a lot today.
Yeah, this is the promise.
You're gonna learn whether or not you want tail.
Yeah.
Very educational.
I'm gonna get black bagged by the CIA when this is done.
You're not gonna get black bagged by the CIA.
So...
I don't think you'll be useful.
You can be an intelligence analyst or whatever.
Yeah.
So...
I know a little bit about cricket.
Well, that's a lot better than most people.
Yeah, you're gonna be like, posted to the embassy in London.
The way that test cricket works...
Maybe in India.
I think India would be more fun.
Yeah.
The way that test cricket works is the team goes on sort of like a tour, it plays probably
some ancillary matches against other teams, and then it plays a series of tests.
And then, you know, it's scored like a tournament, essentially.
You play five test matches and, you know, a best of three wins kind of thing.
And...
So, Australia sends a team to the UK in 1930, with Don Bradman in it, and he whips our asses.
He's really fucking good, is the problem.
And this becomes a sort of like, national level crisis.
Next slide, please.
So, this alarming looking man on the left...
I got two alarming looking men on this slide.
This alarming looking man on the left is Plum Warner.
Sir Pelham Warner, if you're nasty.
He's the chairman of the MCC, which selects, at this point, the England cricket team.
And, he's like, de facto, he's the England manager.
He goes, alright, we gotta do something about this guy.
Get me our weirdest, fruitiest, most alienatingest looking man.
I mean, a real Star Wars Imperial officer looking motherfucker.
Like a real strange guy.
Like, give me the weirdest guy.
Yeah.
Yeah, give me the weirdest guy.
And the weirdest guy...
The parts department, yes.
Yeah, the guy from the parts department is, on the right here, Douglas Jardin.
The one with the sort of fruity looking neckerchief on.
Yes.
And, as much as we talked about Don Bradman being sort of like, difficult to get along
with, Douglas Jardin is like, way more oppositional, personally.
Like, to be honest, this is not a controversial point of view.
He's the historical loser of this story.
This guy's a piece of shit.
Like, genuinely, like, really unpleasant.
There's this, he's like, alienating to his friends, he's alienating to his teammates,
he's, like, I'll get to this on the next slide, but he has a real thing about Australians.
Um.
There's this...
He's racist against Australia.
Yeah, genuinely.
That's such a weird sense of society.
Genuinely, yes.
There's this other crickester at the time, Rockley Wilson, who says, when they announce
that he's gonna be captain of the England team that goes to Australia, that we're gonna
win the ashes and lose a dominion.
Right?
Like, Australia gonna be...
This is how radioactive this guy is.
Yeah, yeah.
Australia gonna be so pissed off at this, they're gonna, like, leave the Commonwealth.
So, next slide, please.
I'm gonna explain the reason why this guy is racist against Australians, and it has
to do with this, like, foolish hat.
This is a fun hat, I like it.
Yeah.
Harlequin, yeah.
So, Jardin has played in Australia before, he doesn't get along with Australians.
Because, in Australia, there's this tradition of, you know, the crowds kind of, like, yell
at you a little bit, and the other players kind of, like, make fun of you a little bit.
And, in particular, they really zero in on this hat.
This is a...
This guy can just take none of it.
No.
Not at all.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
This is a Harlequin's cap.
Harlequin's is like a...
It's like an Oxford University alumni cricket club.
He wears this all the time, and has no sense of humour about it.
And so, when he runs into, like, a single Australian man, making fun of his, like, propeller
hat...
He breaks out in some sort of...
Yes.
He's like a little propeller hat, yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
Like, real, like, Aristo stuff.
Like, I am gonna wear my Jester hat, and if you make fun of me at all, I'm gonna cry.
Of course.
He's like, really has this, like, aristocratic bearing, as well.
Which is really sort of like David and Goliath to the Australians, because like...
I'm gonna call the principal about this, you know?
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
It's not like I'm gonna beat you up, it's like, I'm gonna call the principal.
I'm gonna get you in so much trouble.
Yeah, exactly.
And so, all of the Australian players that they really sort of liked of fate, like, you
know, grew up doing this, you know, throwing sort of cricket ball shaped hunks of shit at
each other, or whatever, and then this guy shows up, with his fool's hat, and it's really
sort of night and day.
There's one sort of, like, comment from the stands, which is, where's the butler to carry
the bat for you?
Um...
So...
So, Jarden, he picks, um, three, uh, fast bowlers.
I'll get into this in a minute, but if we go to the next slide, um, there's...
He picks three, this is the best of them, Harold Larwood, who ends up being sort of like, the
unwilling villain of this story, along with Bill Vos and Gubby Allen, uh, cricketers were
called shit like Gubby Allen back then.
Oh, sure.
And, again, there's like...
Why not, you know?
Yeah, there's a class dynamic.
Like, Larwood used to be a minor, he, like, got into, like, Nottinghamshire Cricket Club,
and this guy who looks like he should be having a butler carry shit around for him is gonna
tell him what to do, right?
Um...
The two, sort of, like, styles of bowling in cricket are, um, there's spin bowling and there's
a lot of pace bowling, right?
There's spin bowling is, you make the ball do something weird.
Like, you know, like baseball.
Uh, you have like a curveball or whatever, because it has to bounce off the thing, it's
gonna like go in some weird directions.
Um, pace bowling is, you just fucking throw the thing as fast as you can.
Um, which, as we've established, is pretty fucking fast.
Like, 90, 100 miles an hour.
Um, and, you know, you sort of try and beat the reaction time, essentially.
Right.
And, and Lardwod, Wojts, and Allen are all pace bowlers.
This is unusual in and of itself.
You kind of, ideally, you want a mix, um, and what Jardin has done is gone, no, all speed,
no weird shit, just like, all speed all the time.
Um...
When you're bowling, does, okay, so you got the, you got the big, uh, you got the
band.
Uh, when you're bowling, does it have to hit the ground, or how does that work?
Yeah.
At 100 miles an hour.
Yeah, it has to bounce off the pitch at 100 miles an hour and come up.
Fuck no!
It has to bounce?
Fuck no!
Yeah, yeah.
We'll get into this in a moment.
I would instantly be killed.
Yeah, me too, dude, and I play sports!
Yeah, so a cricket ball, if you're batting the ball is like rising.
Just me and Ross hiding behind the wickets, like, if we duck low enough they can't see
the ball is like, you're going to go to the ball.
So, next slide, please.
Um, so, this is a little diagram, this is what you're seeing if you're, like, bowling, right?
Is, you're running towards you, you're gonna, like, bowl, overarm, bounce the thing off the
thing, and it's gonna go up towards the batter.
And generally speaking, right, there are sort of, like, theories, as they're called at the
time, what you would now, I guess, call cricket strategy or whatever, for how to bowl against
certain hitters.
Um.
And, in this case, what Jardin settles on is something called leg theory.
You see the leg side, that's the one that the guy's standing on.
And if you bowl leg theory, what you're doing is you're, like, the ball's coming towards
them on the leg side, rather than the off side, on this diagram here.
So it's coming, like, at their body, rather than at the bat.
It's, like, it's legal, it's perfectly legal.
And, you know, a good batsman can, like, get to that, too.
But what it does is it kind of, it gives you less space to manoeuvre, it kind of, like,
boxes you in.
Kids don't like it, because it's really boring to watch.
Right.
What you want to be doing, if you want to entertain people, is you want to bowl on the
off side, because then you can get, like, big hits, and, you know, it's a challenge for
fielders, but, like, you play exciting and it's fun to watch.
If you have someone like Don Bradman, who's very good at hitting, then you want them to
not do that, and so you just kind of throw the ball in a way that's difficult for them to
get to.
It's winning ugly, but it's not even particularly controversial.
It's, like, perfectly legitimate to sort of, like, challenge them in that way.
Right?
Sure, right.
Now, Jardin adds two refinements to this.
Refinement number one, next slide please, is something we've spoken about earlier, which
is fast bowling.
Again, the two genders of bowling, fast bowling.
I simply assassinate my opponents, yes!
Yeah, exactly.
I simply killed them instantly.
This is the Western Indian bowler Sir Curtley Ambrose here, one of the fastest and most terrifying
to do it.
Cricket balls are hard, you can throw them very fast, even after they've bounced, they're
still coming at you very, very quickly.
This is fucking terrifying.
Like, if you've never had a cricket ball bowled at you at pace, I recommend it as a sort of,
like, salutary experience, right?
Because it, you know, really makes you aware of how slow your own reaction time is.
It's kind of like, it's just like how, if you work for the Japanese Shinkansen, they make
you lie in the tunnel while two trains go past at 180 miles an hour.
Did they actually do that?
Yes.
That's amazing.
That's like the...
I think they actually stopped doing that recently.
Because it gave people PTSD.
This is a lot like the, um, you know the company that makes tasers, Axon, is like in a weird
sort of cult, where they really, really want you to get tased in front of all your co-workers?
I just saw that today, and you know what, I support it, I think that if you make tasers,
you gotta get tased.
I'm sorry.
That's fair.
That's fair.
So, you can see here the batsmen sort of like...
You can't do that with guns, because then you die, but with tasers...
That's true.
You can do this sort of like...
Most of the time you don't die.
...Gigen, like, tier de confiance or whatever, where you get like shot in the chest wearing
a bulletproof vest or whatever, and you're like, this is fine.
So, speaking of...
What's fine?
Don't care.
Speaking of confidence, you see here the batsmen sort of like, leaping out of the way
of this one.
Right.
This looks like it might be unpleasant.
Yeah, it is, yeah.
The point of pace bowling is, um, to be intimidating, in part.
Oh, sure.
Like, partly it's a challenge on the reflexes, and partly you can do this if you have, like,
if you want to play this as a game of psychological warfare, which you can absolutely play a game
of cricket as, then you can sort of like, do it to break down a batsman psychologically,
where they're just sort of like, ducking under things and dodging out of the way of things,
like, in a way that's sort of like...
It's intended to be threatening, if you like.
If you go to the next slide, though.
Yes.
Let's talk about delivery lengths.
Um, so, we know a cricket's delivery has to bounce, um, and where it bounces on the pitch
determines where it's gonna get to the batsman, right?
Um, and you can be quite tactical about this.
If you do a sort of like, a good length in the middle, it gets to them sort of around where
the bat is, and you can get some good runs off of that, you can get a good hit off of
that.
If you want to do like, a full length, it comes up very, very low.
Which is like, really fucking annoying.
There's a term for this in cricket, it's called a Yorker.
If you go to the mic, really, really low, you can't quite sort of get to it, and it's
one of those things that's like, unsatisfying to watch.
The other option is, if you bounce it earlier, if you bounce it short, what's sometimes called
a bouncer, and that's the real terror, right?
It's coming at your head.
And particularly if it's bowled on the leg side, it is coming literally directly at your
head.
Oh, don't love that.
No.
Is there like an equivalent to a ball, you know, in cricket here, where like, you can't,
you have to, if you're pitching, if you're bowling, you have to get it within a certain
box for it to be considered valid?
Yeah.
If it's...
Can you not just throw a wild?
Is it a foul to Doma guy?
Uh, yes, in the sense of like, if you...
Well, now if you sort of do it intentionally, or also if you just like, don't bounce it,
if you just fucking aim it at a guy's head.
There is also a, like, if you throw the thing wide, that, you know, gives them runs for free.
But this in itself...
Oh, okay.
So it's much more of a penalty than it is in baseball.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But in this case, it's sort of like, this is a legal delivery, right?
As a batsman, you're expected to be able to deal with, or at least cope with, the idea
of a cricket ball coming at your head upwards at 95 miles an hour.
Oh, boy.
And there are two ways to do this.
You can sort of like, do this defensively, which is just, you just duck.
Right?
You just get under it.
Or you can try and kind of hit it away and play it aggressively.
And that can be very rewarding, but it's risky, right?
Sure.
And, you know, this is why now they give you a helmet, is because if you get hit in
the face with a cricket ball going 95 miles an hour, it's very bad for you.
But mostly it's just about the threat.
Even if you hit it, you're still kind of meant to flinch a bit, right?
And this nebulous idea of cricket sportsmanship, and the spirit of cricket, really comes into
play here.
Because it's sort of considered legal, but bad form, to be doing this all the time.
It's sort of like, fair play if it's against a batsman who really knows what they're doing,
but if it's someone who's just on their turn at bat who is primarily a bowler or whatever,
it's sort of like, antagonistic, let's say.
Right, you're not supposed to do it to someone who isn't in the business, you know?
Exactly.
Exactly.
So, this is Jardin's innovation, is what he calls fast leg theory.
Which on the description sounds innocuous enough, right?
Sounds perfectly legitimate, because it sort of implies that you're gonna be bowling at
like, you know, you're gonna sort of make Don Bradman flinch a bit.
Sure.
What this actually means in practice is, you're just gonna be bouncing cricket balls
at people's heads at the fastest possible speed you can achieve, and just do that all
day.
Just like fucking murder people, yeah.
Exactly.
Next slide, please.
We have a sort of shot of fast leg theory in action.
So, they go to Australia on this tour, which is 1932-33, and Jardin already hates Australians.
We've established this.
What?
Again.
Which, fair enough, but...
He's already, like, telling his team, first of all, you have to bowl the way that I want,
you have to bowl very fast, very short, on the leg side, and second of all...
I hate Australians, but for the wrong reasons.
Right.
Right.
Yeah.
Right.
And you have to, like, particularly target Donald Bradman, who he calls exclusively the
Little Bastard.
And so, they run this on the first couple of games, and it's sort of...
It takes a while for them to dial this in.
There's sort of a diluted form of it, first of all.
And it's sort of, like, unexpected, but it's sort of, like, perceived by the Australians at
this time, and the Australian spectators and press, as being legitimately challenging.
Right?
To be like, oh, you know, they're bowling well, they're doing something interesting here.
And as they intensify it, the Australian batsmen seem more and more uncomfortable, and they
start having to sort of, like, duck and weave because these balls are coming at them.
And it's quite sort of concerning, as the sort of, like, early matches go on.
I should say, the fielding for this, as well, is such that it's designed explicitly to take
advantage of this.
So, you just have this crowd of fielders on the leg side.
So it's sort of, like, very obviously intentional.
Because what you're expecting them to do is, you're expecting this ball to come in, them
to sort of, like, panic and hit it over to the leg side, and then one of the, like, 50
guys all lined up in a sort of, like, Agent Smith-like wall are just gonna catch it instantly.
It's like really gratuitously bad fate, apart from anything else.
And it works quite well.
And it kind of worries the Australians.
In particular, Harold Larwood, who we see bowling here, he's like the best fast bowler
on the England team, is, like, very effective with this.
So we continue with this for the first two test matches.
And it's sort of like, the Australians don't really retaliate with this.
There's this discord in the England team, as well.
Jabi Allen, the third fast bowler, does not want any part of this.
And he refuses to bowl this way.
And as a result, he just gets totally sidelined.
One of the other England players, the Nawab of Pataudi, because we still have Indian aristocrats
in the England team at this point.
He refuses to, like, go and field this way.
And Jardin, who is, again, a gigantic piece of shit to everyone around him, he's quoted
as being like, I see his highness as a conscientious objector.
And just fucking ends his career.
Like, genuinely, he's just like, no, you don't get to do this shit anymore.
There is, like, one way to play cricket here, which is this fast leg theory.
So if we now then go to the next slide, it'll talk about the third test match that they play.
And...
Body line is now full in effect.
We're bowling against the Australian captain, Bill Woodfall.
And it begins to get unpleasant.
Not least because, uh, Larrwood bowls against him, the ball comes up, and it just fucking
hits him in the heart.
It hits him, like, straight up in the chest.
You can see this photo is like, sort of, like, a couple of seconds afterwards where he has
just, like, dropped the bat and just is, like, in, like, agony.
Right.
And...
We keep...
Legal.
Yeah.
Legal.
It's legal.
No foul.
No harm, no foul.
Well, harm, but no foul.
Harm, harm.
It just, like, hits him straight in the thing.
His battling partner is Don Bradman, who's, like, watching this from the other end, and in
an attempt to unnerve him, Jarden sort of, like, very loudly calls to Larrwood, well-bold
Harold, as this guy has just, like, had his chest...
A good, just ripped open like an alien, yeah.
So, he just about...
He had a ball go straight through his chest.
Yeah, just...
Like, reveling his own roll in his stomach, you know?
Uh...
So...
So...
Um...
The over has ended, and, like, Alan, the bowler who, like, does not want to bowl body line,
is up next.
Um...
And, sort of, uh, Bill Woodfall, the guy who's just been hit in the heart, like, gets himself
back into position for this.
Um...
And, uh, and Jarden moves all of his fielders back into these, like, close-in, leg-side,
body-line positions.
Uh...
And this almost starts a riot.
Like, immediately, because all of the Australians are like, they're gonna fucking kill this guy.
Um...
There's, genuinely, there's this feeling amongst some members of the England team of, like,
what are we gonna do if they just storm the pitch, at this point?
Um...
One of them, like, has this sort of recollection...
Oh, you know what happens is you win the ashes.
Yeah!
Yeah, absolutely!
Well, one of them has this recollection of just like, if they, like, try and storm the
pitch, I'm just gonna, like, grab a stump out of the wick and just start hitting people
with it.
Oh, wow, the bad conduct by the Australian fans means that we win the ashes today, I'm
sorry.
Yeah.
And, I mean, they've been sort of, like, bowling this way for two months, and it's really sort
of, like, culminated in this.
They keep bowling at him, like, another one of the deliveries, like, genuinely, like, knocks
the bat out of his hands.
Um...
And he's out there for, like, fully, like, an hour and a half, just getting, like, helted
with cricket balls.
Oh, jeez.
Before he's finally out.
Um...
And, so, this leads to something called the Adelaide leak.
Um...
Leak or league?
Leak.
Leak.
Okay.
So, uh, media leaks are, like, basically unheard of at this time, especially in cricket.
Right.
Um, but, uh, Palom Warner, the guy we saw earlier, the alarmingly bald man, who's chairman
of the MCC, and he's, like, sort of manager of England at this point.
Um, he goes to the Australian dressing room after, uh, Bill Woodfall is, like, finally
out.
Um, and he goes to, like, sort of, apologize to him.
Um, and Woodfall, who is, like, not at all sort of, like, an angry man, um, is sort of
described as being, like, very quiet, and he's being, like, sort of, like, quietly outraged.
Uh, and he tells Warner, like, you know, there's one team out there that's trying to play cricket,
and one that isn't.
And this, somehow, immediately gets to the rest.
I really don't want to be mad.
Yeah.
I don't want to be mad, but I have been hit with, like, several cricket balls, and I'm
trying not to take it personally.
Yeah.
And Warner's kind of, like, non-
I have to be mad right now, I'm sorry.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's kind of, like, non-committal about this, but this immediately makes the papers.
And it's this immense controversy within the Australian team as to who leaked this fucking
thing.
Um, there are sort of two suspects here.
Bradman is one.
The other is a guy called Jack Fingleton, who was also, like, he played for Australia,
he also got to write about it for a newspaper, because he had, like, special permission to
do that.
To their dying days, both of them were accusing the other.
And this is, like, really genuinely mean-spirited, sort of, like, acrimony.
Because this is not the kind of thing that's supposed to get to the press at all.
And it does.
And it really, sort of, like, it really ruins the, sort of, like, accord between them.
But, yeah, so Warner hears this.
He's later, like, found in tears in his hotel room, just because he had this idea, right?
He's kind of like the cricket trad.
And, you know, the big quote from him here is that, to say that something is not cricket,
to say that it's uncivilized, unsportsmanlike, still has meaning, because cricket is a game
of, like, of civilization.
Um...
Does this affect the progress of the tour?
Not even slightly.
They go back out the next day.
Oh, outstanding work.
Obviously.
Yeah.
And, next slide please, on the first innings, Bert Oldfield, this Australian pitcher,
gets hit in the head, and it fractures his fucking skull.
Holy shit.
Jesus!
He gets hit in the temple.
Fuck, dude!
By a cricket ball.
Is this him just holding what's...
Yes!
You know, trying to prevent the leaks?
Yes.
The Adelaide leaks, if you will?
Yeah, it's like, I guess, it's a brain fluid leaking out, that's where I know...
That's where all my knowledge is!
Yeah, he tries to play it, like, as you should, as aggressively, where you try and,
like, come under it and hook it.
And, like, loses track of it and it hits him in the side of the fucking head.
And once again, this, like, very nearly starts a riot.
And...
Man, they love doing it, huh?
Yeah, genuinely.
In both cases, like, Jardin is absolutely unrepentant.
He's sort of like, in the first case, he's like, well, if he didn't want to get hit with
more cricket balls, he could have retired hurt.
In this case, he's like, well, it's your own fault.
Essentially.
And just play continues, as this guy is sort of like, helped back to the dressing room.
Jesus Christ.
What is going on with this guy here?
Which...
Looks like...
Oh, like a Australian...
That's Colonel Sanders, dude.
He looks like the... most blackface stereotype person imaginable.
That might just be the lighting, but like...
I believe that is the lighting, yeah.
That's an umpire.
They're like referees.
The funny hat.
I do like the hat.
Yeah, they wear the funny hats and blazers.
And, as you can see, he has his hands on his hips because, as far as they're concerned,
this is all legal play.
What the fuck, dude?
There is no law that says that you can't fracture a dude's skull.
And he doesn't even have a helmet.
He has a baggy green.
He has a canvas hat on.
There's nothing in the rulebook that says a dog can't kill someone in basketball.
Just a dog with a fucking RPG!
Just a dog with a potato cannon!
Yo, this dog has the arm of Matt Stafford, alright?
You guys fucking ready?
Derek Carr got nothing on this dog!
I should also say that Jarden does, like, sort of secretly send, like, a telegram of sympathy
to this dude's wife, and he has some presents bought for his children, as a sort of, like,
sorry for fracturing your dad's skull thing.
Sorry I fractured your dad's skull, by the way, whatcha doin' tonight?
You just really wanted to, like, cuck this guy's wife, just, like, add insult to injury.
I'll teach you to make fun of my hat, I'm gonna break your skull, and then fuck your wife!
Yes!
Yeah!
Let's do it!
Alright!
So, yeah, this leads to, like, huge uproar in the crowd, you know, all of the England
team get hate mail, the press sort of like, well, the Australian press hates it, the England
press, which is still sort of like, at the remove of having to get this described to them
in text, still think this is, like, fast leg theory, they still think this is, like, normal,
and the Australians are just being whiny little bitches about it.
Yeah.
100%.
But so, uh...
I will give, you know, it's hard to give the Australians anything, but they are generally
not whiny little bitches.
No.
No.
There is a separate Australian cheating scandal, which we never, ever let them forget about,
uh, this was like, decades before it.
Um, so, yeah, this culminates in the Australian Board of Control, which is like the cricket
regulatory authority, sending this telegram to the MCC, the sort of English equivalent,
to be like, you gotta stop doing this.
Um, I have a verbatim here.
Bodyline bowling, it's called bodyline because it's like, you know, on the line of the body.
Bodyline bowling assumed such proportions as to menace best interests of game, making
protection of body by batsmen the main consideration, causing intensely bitter feeling between players
as well as injury, in our opinion is unsportsmanlike, unless stopped at once, likely to upset friendly
relations between Australia and England.
So they were really worried about international relations.
Yeah, genuinely, genuinely, the Australians were like, this could cause actual diplomatic tensions.
Um, and would you believe...
You could tell that they were unhappy, because they didn't even call him a cunt.
Too familiar.
There actually is a story about this, because, um, one of the Australians calls Jardin a bastard, in the course of this third test match, and Jardin goes to their dressing room afterwards, to demand an appointment,
an apology.
No!
Yeah, genuinely.
And I think Woodfull is the one who says, which one of you bastards called this bastard
a bastard?
Great moments in Australian patriotism.
But, would you believe that we responded to this in a sort of, like, snotty and dismissive
manner?
Yes, I would believe that.
I would probably believe that, yeah.
So, so we reply, uh, I say we for England here, reply five days later.
Uh, we, Marlebone Cricket Club, deplore your cable.
We deprecate your opinion that there has been unsportsmanlike play.
We have fullest confidence in captain team and managers, and are convinced they would
do nothing to infringe either the laws of cricket or the spirit of the game.
We have no evidence that our confidence is misplaced.
Much as we regret accidents to Woodfull and Oldfield, we understand that in neither case
was the bowler to blame.
Uh-huh.
If the Australian Board of Control wish to propose a new law or rule, it shall receive
our careful consideration in due course.
We hope the situation is not now as serious as your cable would seem to indicate, but if
it is such as to jeopardize the good relations between English and Australian cricketers, and
you would consider it desirable to cancel remainder of program, we would consent with great reluctance.
Which is sort of a threat, right?
Right.
Right.
And this escalates to the era, to the like, sort of, the arena of actual diplomatic threats,
where the British ambassador, the British High Commissioner, has to explain, no, no,
you can't do this.
Like, if British people start boycotting Australian trade in this era of, like, protectionism, it
just fucks the entire country.
Like, it...
So...
What the hell are they gonna do without their, um, their, uh, whatchamacallit...
The Tim Tams.
Yeah.
The Marmite.
The Bundaberg.
Yeah.
Incredible levels of racism against indigenous people, yes.
Exactly.
And so, the Australians, we leave them with no choice, but to blink, they have to send
this other telegram that's like, we're sorry we said that you were being unsporting when
you broke our guy's skull.
Um...
We, like, consider you to be above reproach.
Thank you, Daddy.
So, perhaps unsurprisingly, we, like, win the tests for one.
Next slide, please.
Um...
I couldn't find a good image to depict Australian-British hostilities, it was between this and, like,
Hettalia.
Um...
But, yeah, we just blew it off.
We fully didn't...
We just went, no, we don't need to learn a lesson from this.
And we just left the Australians to, like, seethe and cope.
Um...
And...
This has been...
Like, in terms of Australian sentiments that the Brits are trying to get them all killed,
this is up there with Gallipoli, still.
Like, they made a TV miniseries of this with Hugo Weaving, which is about as mad as you can
still be.
Oh, wow.
Well, you sent them all down there for a reason, am I right?
Guys!
It just really, like, this is kind of the original sin, right?
This really establishes a lot of the Australian conception of, like, the English, specifically.
It's like, no, we are like, butler-having murder-doing snobbish rat bastards.
Right.
And sort of, to an extent, vice versa.
Even still, to like, the line from this to MCC members racially abusing Usman Khawaja is,
like, you know, you can trace that.
You know, we still kind of think that Australians are like, cheating, whinging cunts.
And part of it is because we've never really internalized that maybe it's kind of a fucked-up
thing to do to try and, like, kill someone with a cricket ball.
Now, here in America, we're not allowed to say cunt.
That's true, you get in trouble.
Yeah, it's just my mom yelling at you, but yes, you get in trouble.
Next slide, please.
So, Bodyline, this sort of style of bowling, it persists for about a year in England, where
the press are still like, this isn't a real thing, stop complaining, what are you Australians?
When Larwood and Vosk go back to...
Only the Australians think this is not cricket.
But it's cricket.
Exactly.
When Larwood and Vosk go back to Nottinghamshire, they play it as well.
And ultimately what happens is the next year, Windy's, the West Indies cricket team, come
to play in England, and if you're not familiar with cricket, the West Indies have always enjoyed...
I mean, as much as...
I know it's problematic to try and say that different countries, or groups of countries,
play a different game of cricket, right?
But like, prototypically, the West Indies have enjoyed a terrifying game of cricket.
I mentioned playing cricket as a game of psychological warfare, this is sort of much the thing.
And particularly in the 70s, 80s, 90s, West Indies had some of the best fast bowlers in
the world, and it was sort of like, not as bad as this, but it was along the same lines
of making people terrified.
And so even in 1933, they play Bodyline against England, Jardin is still captain, and because
he is a man of iron.
He's like, this is the thing about him, right?
He's an awful cunt, but I also sort of respect him.
Because he sees what they're doing, he's like, I'm not even gonna worry about it, I'm gonna
bat against this.
And he makes a pretty good job of it.
He remains resolutely unintimidated by a dose of his own medicine.
Um...
I do have a note one description here.
Um...
So, England lose one test match, four wickets for 134, including Hammond, who returned to
bat after having his chin split open by a short-pitched ball.
Happens to the best of us.
Yeah, I mean, genuinely, if Douglas Jardin got his way, this would be how cricket is still
played.
He did not give a fuck.
Um...
But what happens is that, like, curiously, once it happens, you know, to England, from a
team with black people in it, public opinion and the press kind of turn against it.
Oh my god, I don't think black people can do this.
Exactly.
This is the first time in the English press that they describe body line without putting
it in scare quotes.
Or like, so-called body line.
Uh, as soon as it starts happening to England cricketers.
And this results in sort of like an amendment, a new law of cricket, which is intended to
stop direct attack polling.
You're not supposed to be killing people out there.
You're not supposed to be fracturing people's skulls.
Next slide, please.
I mean, this is...
It's part of the game, come on, come on, it's part of the game.
And I will say this, this has not stopped batsmen from getting hit by balls, this has
not stopped batsmen from getting hit by balls on purpose.
It's absolutely a thing, you can see it happen, like, pretty much routinely, like, at least once
a year.
I was gonna ask.
Okay.
Sometimes a guy's just gonna basically throw at your head.
Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Like, at some point, a bowler will sort of lose patience, and like, bowl short on the
leg side to a batsman to try and hit them, and then, you know, ten years after they retire,
say, yeah, I lost my patience, I was trying to hurt him, and I feel bad about it.
But that means you get to be on base, right?
I'm not...
I don't understand.
Not just bases, bud.
Right.
Yeah.
If you're hit by it, just suck it up.
You know?
Exactly.
Is the main thing.
Yeah, you walk someone, you know?
Yeah.
But, so, yeah...
I played Mario Baseball, which I assume is the same as cricket.
So, Bodyline essentially established England as being evil, right?
It really genuinely damaged...
I don't know that that was the only thing that established England as being evil.
Amongst white Australians, this established England as being evil.
Oh, they were fined beforehand, yeah.
Well, they sent us there as prisoners, but, you know, then they didn't do cricket right.
Yeah.
And, I mean...
They sent me here because I stole a loaf of bread.
They sent my great-grandfather here because I stole a loaf of bread.
So, the way this all shakes out politically is, they add this new law that says that you're
not allowed to kill each other.
Helen Warner...
Blame.
Yeah.
Blame.
It's just like, a hundred percent, like, 180 degrees it.
It starts vociferously condemning the team that he had sort of refused to condemn on the
tour, as being intimidatory and being not cricket.
And, it ends Jardin's career.
Larwood, the bowler who actually hit the most people, is sort of like...
There's this doctrine at the time that cricket then is even more hierarchical than it is now,
like a cricket team captain is sort of like your commanding officer, essentially.
And, he's told that if you want to play test cricket again, you have to apologize.
And he doesn't understand why he would have to, essentially.
Because he just did what he was told to do.
And, he doesn't do it, and it also ends his career internationally.
Don Bradman goes on to, like, another few decades to become an Australian legend.
But, on the England side, this is sort of like the team that consigns itself to the dustbin
of history.
And, it's still this sort of like, awkward sticking point, where it's like, oh, remember
that time that you tried to kill us in the 30s?
Yeah, and you still get cricket as ill-tempered to this day, but mostly in sort of like flourishes.
You don't have the kind of cold-bloodedness of a Douglas Jardin anymore, where you sort
of set out on a tour with the intention that, like, no, I'm gonna physically and psychologically
destroy these people.
Um...
And, yeah.
That's my little bonus episode on Bodyline.
I hope you enjoyed it.
I delivered this quite drunk.
If you have any complaints, any comments, any sort of like, if you've identified any misunderstandings
that I've expressed about cricket, please put them in the comments where I will not read
them.
I was gonna say, it's gonna be between Alice, who understands cricket, and then two Americans
who are constitutionally prevented from understanding cricket.
Yeah.
Have you come out of this, like, what are your reactions to this?
Have you come out of this with sort of like a greater degree of understanding of the ways
that makes people normal?
Oh yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, yeah, you people are freaks.
I don't think I can say anything, because I believe I will be black-bagged if I say I
understand cricket.
I think you want to be black-bagged by the CIA.
I think this is like a humiliation thing for you.
Yeah.
Spreading to like two of us now.
9-11 was an inside job.
Yeah.
And, uh, what are the other CIA things?
No, I'm trying to...
I can't even...
Gary Webb didn't kill himself.
Uh, didn't kill himself.
Jade Helm.
Um, I don't know.
Not like you just said Jade Helm.
Jade Helm.
Yeah.
Uh, fuckin', uh, I don't know.
I have no idea.
I mean, because most of the things that was an inside job was actually an inside job, except
9-11.
9-11-73 was an inside job.
We're gonna have to do that on 9-11 as another 9-11 episode.
We've been holding that joke back, and then people get mad at me, and they're like, why
aren't you gonna talk about Allende and Pinochet?
And I'm like, because we were saving that joke up.
We were charging it for 9-11.
Yeah, sometimes you gotta do the thing.
You gotta do the thing.
Anyway.
So, I do not hear sirens in the distance, so I believe I have kept myself in such a way
that I know enough about cricket to know how it works, but not enough that I am going
to be black-bagged.
Fantastic.
Well done.
Thank you, all of you, for subscribing to the Patreon.
Please continue to do that, because this is how I pay rent.
Yes.
I will do a better job on the next one that I write, rather than just like, banging
together like 20 slides with a line of notes each, and just kind of winging it.
Yeah.
Well, the next one will be on Mount Everest.
I'm excited for this one.
Yeah, wait, wait, will it be?
I thought we were gonna do that as a, like, mainline episode.
We might do that as a mainline episode.
Yeah, let's do that as a mainline episode.
Our next one will be on whatever the fuck we feel like.
Liam, I think it's your turn, even.
I think it is.
Alright.
Alright.
It hasn't been my turn in a long time.
Yeah, you don't get to kick anymore.
Nope, nope, nope, nope, fuck you.
We'll litigate this off the air, thanks so much.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Auf Wiedersehen.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Auf Wiedersehen.
Right-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye-bye.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
