So, folks, you may notice that Brian is going to be a little bit quieter today, and that is because...
I'm sick.
I have a throat bug.
And also, recently, we have found out some of his texts leaked to the press.
He was trying to set up some flight plans for his boss, Eric Adams.
Oh, thank God it was those texts.
Yeah, see, I thought you were going to go the other way.
I thought it was going to be like, he was having a hot and steamy affair with RFK Jr.
That's exactly it.
Oh, no!
Oh, I didn't even think about that.
They were having the sexiest FaceTime calls.
They sure were.
They sure were.
And those FaceTime calls, we thought no one would ever find out because we were hosting them on a Turkish server.
And here's the thing, too, right?
Everyone asks, where did Brian learn his fantastic new fucking skills?
And he learned his fantastic new fucking skills with Nuzzi.
I think it's really funny how people just don't think about data protection at all.
No.
Like, the importance of, you know, if you're going to have a conversation or whatever where you're saying something that is potentially criminal, don't put it in plain text.
Yes.
Have those conversations in person.
No, no, no, Josh.
I'm not saying you should commit crimes.
I'm just saying if you're going to commit a crime, do it right.
Look, do it in person or if you want to make sure no one will ever hear it, do it on a podcast.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
Welcome to the worst of all possible worlds, the first and only podcast where we commit a crime every week.
Oh, yeah.
I'm the worst of all possible Josh's.
I'm the worst of all possible AJ's.
And I'm the worst of all possible Brian's.
That is a really good hook.
Isn't it?
That's a really good hook for a pod.
Yeah.
Just do a crime a week.
Every week we do a minor crime of some kind.
What's it going to be?
You'll find out.
Yeah.
And now the series finale, murder.
Yeah.
Yeah, but we are here today to talk a little bit about murder, I guess.
Yeah, in a sense.
Because we are here to talk about the perfectly normal children series, Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared.
Yeah, we've been doing a lot of children's programming lately, and this is definitely a children's program.
It's also the start of the spoopy season, so we thought we'd cover something a little bit spoopy.
And also, I believe that this series answers the question, what would AJ do if he had a budget?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Also, I just thought, sometime, maybe next October, we should cover the music man for
shapoopy season.
That girl is hard to get, isn't she?
Yeah.
This pod, though, very easy to get.
It's really difficult.
With how tall she is, you'd think it would be easier, right?
Her head is in the clouds, her feet are on the ground.
Oh, I see.
I thought you were just like, you had a net of some kind, and were trying to capture this
very tall woman.
Well, yeah.
She's hard to get.
But you can trap her in your neck.
But you can trap her in your neck.
So we, my experience with Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared is that I came across it because of
game theory, which I think is actually, I think, how a lot of people discovered this
thing.
Wait, so you said that out loud.
You admitted to this.
I don't admit that.
Much like our many weekly crimes.
I don't actually know what game theory is, other than the thing that it's time for.
Yes.
In that famous Twitter thread.
But I don't know.
What is game theory?
It was hosted once upon a time by this guy named MatPat.
He has since retired because he went to Scott Cawthon's house, and he was invited inside
for tea.
AJ, you might as well be speaking Turkish with Josh.
Yeah, no.
Right.
You at least have to give him some gold first.
Or upgrade my flight, maybe.
I don't know.
Super, as they say.
Yeah, fly him to Easter Island on Turkish Airlines.
Scott Cawthon is the creator of Five Nights at Freddy's, and the Five Nights at Freddy's
series in general.
I don't know if he is still writing for it.
I don't think so, though.
The game theorists are, AJ, a YouTube channel.
Yes.
Led with that.
Probably should have led with that.
The game theorists, it is a YouTube channel that also now incorporates, I think, fashion
theory, film theory, and food theory.
And none of this is actual theory.
None of this is philosophical.
None of this is what Eric Garland was going on about.
It's mostly, yeah, it's just like finding stuff in the background of things and analyzing
games through like a more, it used to be more through like a scientific lens, and then it
just became, as the Five Nights at Freddy's video sort of exploded, more about the lore,
and figuring out the lore and the background of things.
And so they brought in this, don't hug me, I'm scared, they did a deep dive into it, I'm
assuming?
Yes, on the original, for the original web series.
The web series, yeah.
They did a deep dive into it, and it was-
They solved it.
They solved it.
They did it.
They got to the bottom of it.
Okay.
Well, great.
And we're going to talk about that sort of approach to analyzing this particular show,
because it's not that I disagree with it, but I think it's kind of, I don't know, it's
kind of missing the forest for the trees a little bit.
Like, you can get into the stuff in the background of the show because it is so absurdly detailed,
but it misses, I think, the greater themes of it, and how it makes you feel, and what
it's really going for.
So that's how I came across this, but you both found it by other means, correct?
Like, you had watched the original web series at one time.
I don't remember if I had watched the whole web series or not.
I don't think I did, because, yeah, when we're starting to put this episode together,
obviously I went back and re-watched it.
There were a couple things that I did remember.
Digital style was one of them.
How can you forget?
How we all love our king.
Like, just the repetition beats, I think, were the thing that stuck in my head.
I had heard that it was like, oh, really creepy, and it's kind of not.
Like, that's not really the point, I don't think.
No, it's visceral.
Like, it is gory, and there's a lot of goo in it.
Even the gore was like, I had been expecting something more along the lines, like, to make
a pull into something older internet.
I was expecting something more like Happy Tree Friends, maybe.
Oh, sure.
With, like, really over-the-top violence.
And it's not that either.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because the violence in it isn't particularly funny.
There's a couple of moments that are used as, like, punchlines, but for the most part,
the violence is used to evoke, like, a mood.
It feels like just a really hyper-violent David Lynch kind of vibe that they're going for.
Yeah, it's sort of like when you see them spitting the Garmin Bosie out of their mouth
in a fire walk with me or something.
Right, right, right.
Yeah.
It is used more for mood than it is for shock value, I would argue.
The way that the creators talk about it, it seems like they want you to walk away being like,
what the fuck was that?
What nightmare did I stumble into?
Well, and I think the FNAF point of comparison is interesting, too, because it is something
that I think is very popular as sort of a first scary thing you might have seen as a kid.
Like, this is something that is accessible, I think, to, I don't know, 12-year-olds.
And it's the kind of thing where I imagine that if you came across this as a 12-year-old,
it would really blow your fucking mind.
Yeah.
I think that the reason I sort of glommed onto it was that it not only matched my aesthetic,
taste, but it was also a type of horror that I could engage with because there weren't
jump scares in it.
And I love horror as a genre because I love mysteries, and most horror at its core is just
a mystery.
What is this thing chasing me?
Why is it chasing me?
What sort of ancient evil did I accidentally, you know, provoke?
And this has all of that mystery, but with none of the loud noises that make my brain scream.
And I think that's why I imprinted on it so hard and why it fundamentally, like, influences
my work even to this day.
The story of Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared begins at Kingston University in 2010 when Joe Pelling
and Baker Terry, who were two animation students at the time, met Becky Sloan, who was a fine
art student.
They hit it off quickly, and like many college students, decided to start an art collective
called This Is It.
Okay.
Unlike most art collectives, this one didn't implode after six months.
Where's Kingston University?
This is not Jamaica.
No, Kingston upon Thames.
Oh, okay.
So it's in London?
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah.
Cool.
Also, listeners, as we go on to talk about Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared, there's a lot of
stuff in this that would, like, immediately light up a light bulb in a British person's
mind.
We are three Americans talking about this show, so there will be references in here that we
just do not fully understand.
But it's still instantly recognizable as, like, children's TV.
I think it has a lot.
I mean, I haven't watched a whole ton of British children's television, but it's usually a little
bit more subdued.
Yeah.
And American children's television usually has a bit more pep and energy to it.
With the obvious exception of Mr. Blobby, who's just a horror show.
And the less we talk about him, the better.
Is Mr. Blobby for children?
Yeah.
Oh.
Have you not seen the music video of his theme song where all the children are, like,
worshiping him?
Yeah.
I didn't know that that necessarily meant it was for children.
It's for kids, yeah.
Okay.
Oh, dear.
But, Adrian, do you know what kind of stuff This Is It was doing before Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared?
The collective itself?
No.
Yeah.
Did they do any theater or anything?
No.
Because they feel like they should have been at Edinburgh or something.
Yeah.
No.
I couldn't find anything about any sort of theater experience.
I mean, they were fine arts people.
They were animation students and fine arts people, which is why so many episodes of Don't
Hug Me, I'm Scared just have, like, sequences that are fully animated as opposed to just having
the puppets and things.
Yeah.
It's a lot of different styles.
And so their first YouTube...
Digital styles.
Digital styles.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And so their first YouTube video was something called Bad Things That Could Happen, which
is a very...
It's not a horror thing.
There's one part of it that's kind of gruesome, but it all keeps a consistent style.
Digital style.
Digital style.
Digital dancing.
Isn't this fun?
Hey, this is fun.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
But instead of felt, their whole thing in Bad Things That Could Happen was cardboard.
Everything is, like, made out of cardboard.
Okay.
Right.
So Bad Things That Can Happen is just this really clever little video where you see this sort
of montage of different things.
You're kind of passing by each one, and then you see each event progress.
So one is people assembling a sandwich.
You've got your cardboard lettuce, your cardboard tomatoes, your cardboard bread.
Yeah.
And then they just set it down on a plate.
Another one is a mousetrap that's getting primed.
And everything is, like, people in costumes, people in, like, white void suits.
The mousetrap is just two people in a box, and their heads are sticking out.
Yeah, they don't make a huge effort to hide anybody, right?
No, no.
Sometimes they have people in a thing that doesn't need a person in it.
Like, there's a matchbox that does not move and does not do anything, but it has a face,
and the face responds to the disaster that's happening.
The one that really is viscerally very strange to me is there's a giant pencil, and the lead
at the end is just two hands in black gloves.
With black gloves that just sort of wiggle, and then, like, the lines start drawing on the
page, and you're just like, ah.
Like, it's very unsettling and strange.
The way that they draw it is, it's the title of the video, Bad Things That Could Happen.
But it's written in black, and it's covered with some sort of white cover, and so the
hands are just sort of pulling it away like a big, long spagoot.
Oh, cool.
So, like, the sandwich, when it's let out, it eventually attracts a couple of flies.
Those flies bring germs.
The germs start to multiply.
They have a little, like, magnifying glass, and you see a bunch of people dressed as germs
dancing around.
The mousetrap eventually snaps on a rat and splits its head open.
Okay.
Oh, dear.
So, I'm already noticing, then, a lot of sort of common themes here.
This, like, emphasis on gore and body horror, but more as an exclamation point than as a
through line, I guess?
Yeah.
There's one where it's like a match lights a cigarette and then just starts lighting the
rest of the room on fire.
And, again, the fires are just little hands that are sticking out of the table that they've
made for their set.
And there's a lot of, like, use of streamers and air, using air to blow certain things around.
There's a nail that goes into a pipe, and it sprays a bunch of blue streamers.
And that's another thing, too, that comes up a lot in Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared, is the
use of practical effects.
Yeah.
In low-budget practical effects.
Yeah.
And visibly low-budget, visibly.
It's just, honestly, I think bad things that could happen is more visually creative
than even, or it sparks something in my brain that even Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared does not.
Yeah.
And my favorite of the bad things that could happen is they crack open an egg like a soft-boiled
egg, but then the egg just starts floating around in the room.
Like, in space?
Yeah.
It's like everything else is like a plausible thing.
A mousetrap kills a mouse.
A match lights some other stuff on fire.
Sometimes your egg's a ghost.
Yeah, that happened to me last week.
It's bouncing around your room like the DVD video logo.
It hits the corner.
I clap.
It takes 50 bounces.
It takes me 50 bounces.
Does it?
So, they get to work on the first episode.
I didn't know this about you.
You struck me as more of a 49 guy.
You struck me as more of a 69 guy.
Nice!
So, they get to work on the first episode with Becky first designing Yellow Guy and then building
a set to sort of match that aesthetic.
And it's so cool to hear how they describe the process of where the web series, like,
goes.
And it's all, like, yes-anding things.
Sure.
So, first they build Yellow Guy.
And they're like, okay, so what kind of world does Yellow Guy live in?
Let's design the world around him.
It's like, okay, what kind of friends would he have?
And then that's where you start to get Red Guy and you get Green Duck, who in the first
episode looks more like a crow?
I don't know.
Yeah, a little bit.
They do, like, a huge major redesign on his character when they go on from Don't Hug Me,
I'm Scared 2 through 6.
But for the topic that they wanted to cover, they all just got out of art school.
So, why not talk about the bullshit process of trying to objectively grade art?
Absolutely.
We get creativity, baby.
Do you ever play the game Art School?
No.
It's a funny little game where you just have to keep drawing shit in this fucking app throughout
the whole time.
You just have to keep drawing and keep drawing and keep drawing.
And at some point, you're just like, I'm just drawing nonsense at this point.
Is this art school with a Q?
Yes, I think so.
What?
It's such a silly little game.
Where is the Q?
Like, instead of C-H.
It's art, S-Q-O-O-L.
Oh, I hate that.
Oh.
Huh.
Apparently, it received generally unfavorable reviews.
I couldn't see why.
Criticism focused on the game's lack of depth and a randomized grading system.
But I think that's the point.
That's the point.
Like, they missed the point.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh.
It becomes a drudgery.
It's definitely someone being like, man, this shit really killed me.
Yeah.
Like, I was having a good time and then it was just too much.
And that's what, yeah, that's what this first Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared feels like.
The process of actually making it was also kind of a nightmare.
The fire department had to be called at one point because they set the roof on fire with
one of their lights.
There were a bunch of little hands painted orange sticking out the roof.
Can you imagine if that's like you enter into the space and then everything becomes Don't
Hug Me, I'm Scared rules?
I mean, like they're holding a hose and it's just a guy with a little hat on.
But yeah, no.
I'm a hose.
I put out the fires.
But they tell this great story of how the firemen showed up on set and they just saw
raw meat everywhere.
And Becky Sloan just trying to wave the smoke away from the fire alarm with a tablecloth
covered in blood.
Well, I was going to say, it's not so raw now.
Now it's nicely grilled.
It's a good brisket.
It's unseasoned though.
That would be a nightmare.
Unseasoned meat.
You know what?
Honestly, that's British cuisine.
You dip it in some of the Thames water and you suck it down.
Ooh, it tastes like happy.
So everyone.
So on July 29th, 2011, they released Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared to their YouTube channel.
And it is, it explodes right from the get-go.
Nothing goes viral anymore.
This went viral.
Like, you know, this was, message boards still existed back then.
I was on, I remember being on the Broadway World message board and this thing popped up
and the off-topic board.
Really?
And people were like, holy.
I feel like that, there was a sort of style, digital style, digital dance.
Hey, this is fun.
Hey, this is fun.
Where, like, you remember Dumb Ways to Die?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Everyone also really caught on.
I can't think of, like, the other ones right now.
But, like, yeah, it was just one of those things that made the rounds and everyone was like,
wow, this is fucking cool.
And then, yeah, I showed it to my friends.
So I was there on the ground floor.
But, like, yeah, I saw it when it went viral.
That thing has, like, what, 80 million?
78 million views now.
Yeah.
In 2024.
Don't know what it had, you know, within its first year.
But it was crazy.
And people are still discovering it.
Like, there are still comments on that thing from, like, you know, the last couple weeks
that people are, you know, still finding this very weird piece of media.
Baker Terry describes it as, well, this is an exact quote from Baker Terry.
It's always had that air of outsider art, hasn't it?
That someone discovered it in someone's recycling bin after they've been found dead.
And it does have that sort of cursed quality.
I'd imagine that there is a universe where Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared became sort of like
a urban legend or a creepypasta.
And, like, check out this crazy kid show that they canceled from the BBC that no one ever
saw.
It aired once or whatever.
But to their credit, they didn't go down that route.
They wanted to make this into its own little series.
And they were thankfully able to do that because they brought on Blink Industries to help
produce the follow-up.
And they brought on these producers, James Stevenson Breton, Hugo Duncan, and Charlie
Perkins, who would stay on for the rest of the series from that point forward.
And I guess I was just curious.
I was like, okay, what Blink Studios, like, what all have they done?
They're actually a diversified studio now.
Oh, shit.
They do entertainment, animation, music video, and advertising.
Oh, shit.
That makes sense.
Oh, they did one of those fucking John Lewis commercials.
The Politician?
No, no, no.
This is something that our British listeners will know about.
Oh, yes.
John Lewis is famous for its, like, commercials.
Yeah.
Right?
Like, Geico is here.
Or SoftBank in Japan.
The reason that I know about this is that I went on Trash Future one time.
Okay.
There was somebody last year who got really, really mad at the Marks and Spencers commercial.
Okay.
John Lewis and Marks and Spencer are the two big ones that do the annual Christmas commercial.
And so.
Oh, wow.
I think I know of it because, like, it was in a Charlie Brooker screen wipe once or something.
But this one was apparently called The Bear and the Hair.
Okay.
Nice.
It's very cute.
One of them wanted his hat back and then ate the hair at the end.
Yeah.
So, Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared 2 releases.
And they realize that they're going to need more money if they're going to actually do this thing.
So, they do a Kickstarter to shoot episodes three through six.
And it's notable for raising over 100,000 pounds and for bringing on a YouTuber named Tom Ska as an executive producer.
Not Tom Scott.
No.
Want to be very clear about that.
Very clear.
Tom Ska.
S-K-A.
He does the same videos, but he just cuts off one consonant at the end of every sentence.
I'm at the large Hadron collide.
So, the series is funded.
They're able to do episodes three through six.
And it gets a huge bump when MatPat himself from Game Theory decides to cover it.
And it has this interesting dimension to it because it's about making art in the age of the internet.
Right.
In a very interesting way.
And we have this quote here from the creators.
And I thought we could all read that out.
The interviewer asks,
You have an incredibly loyal fan base, which is very dedicated to spotting Easter eggs in the series.
Some of which you may not even have intended.
Is it hard to keep things secret?
It's amazing that the show has this big online following and people dissect it to such an extent.
That's exciting for us because we get to play with it.
We have to be careful about what we post, sure.
But it means that we can put a lot of detail in and we know that they'll appreciate it.
Yeah.
I think that our creative process or whatever you want to call it has evolved over the years with the intensifying of the audience engagement and reaction.
So, we feed off of that as much as they feed off of whatever it is that we're putting out there.
It's a feedback loop.
It's definitely fun to play around with.
Yeah, one of the three creators of the show is actually a puppet.
Yeah.
Is that green bird.
Is actually Duck.
Yeah.
So, my question for you both, like, is this a good thing?
Is this a bad thing?
Is it just kind of the way that art has to be these days to be making it in response to people, like,
dissecting it to the bone?
I think it is what it is, you know?
Yeah.
I will say personally, I fucking hate this shit.
This is not how I've ever engaged with media.
I am, I'm like, I want you to tell me a story in the way that you want to tell it.
Right.
And then I will receive it and I will have my response to it and maybe I'll align with what you're putting down or maybe not.
But I don't want to impose my own creative preference on somebody else's process.
Right.
To me, that feels like a violation of what the whole point of making art is.
Yes.
And, yeah, I've also just never really been into the whole, like, fan forum speculation, whatever.
It's like, if I predict something correctly, great.
If I don't, then also great.
Like, I don't know.
It's just I don't take an active role in consuming media in that way.
It's just not for me.
Another thing to note here is that they're not just making the Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared videos.
They're also making teasers.
Right.
And those teasers have things that are not even in the main video.
Right.
Yeah.
So people are baking.
You know, they're taking these things and they're trying to whip up, okay, why do we see the TV studio now?
Or why do we see this space over here?
Right.
There are all these sort of modal realities that exist within Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared.
And people want that all to make sense.
Right.
They want it to figure out, like, which one is the dream of which character at this level, at this level, at this level, at this level.
Yeah.
How deep does the iceberg go?
Right.
To speak in modern YouTube parlance.
And I'm just like, I don't fucking care.
I really don't.
Like, just let it wash over me.
I'm fine.
I don't need to know.
Yeah.
And I think there is something, too, about the lostification of media consumption.
Because I'm guilty of this, too, all the time.
That show trained you to look in the background for the numbers or to look for, like, any sort of, like, connection between everyone.
Like, it really focused on doing that.
So you could probably guess a couple of the twists if you were paying attention.
Right?
That's the sort of joy of any mystery series.
Yeah.
But I think what ended up happening is growing up with that show and having it dominate pop culture, in the way that it did, you suddenly have this entire generation of people that are always looking in the background for answers and can sometimes miss what the show is screaming at them in the face.
But this does appeal to you on some level, doesn't it, AJ?
Oh, absolutely.
You like to go and unlock the puzzle box.
Yeah.
No, I do.
I love to unlock the puzzle box.
I like to get really deep into the puzzle box.
I like to root around in there.
I like to tickle the ivories.
Come on.
One.
Illegal.
You can't be buying ivory these days.
Well, that's the crime for this episode.
That's what we're guilty of.
On this episode, we're going off to the Sahara to tickle some elephants, folks.
Stay tuned.
Yes.
We're not doing anything else to the elephants.
No, we're not.
That's the thing.
It's not a crime.
We're tickling the ivories.
We're not taking them away.
We're just walking up to the elephants.
Hey, buddy.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
And let me tell you, that's an experience they'll never forget.
I had a rather scary interaction with an elephant once as a kid.
Oh, dear.
Came right up to the car.
It was crazy.
Ooh.
They just thought you were very cute, Brian.
Coming up, give you a little smooch.
It was very much like, hmm, a lot of males here.
Let's go.
Time to get out of here.
To their credit, the creators of Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared have their own answer to the proliferation
of theories around their show.
Over the years, we've got tremendous enjoyment from them, and not in a condescending way.
You read the theories that are so well thought through, detailed, and fleshed out that you
start to go, oh, maybe that is correct.
And if it is to them, it is.
So that's what we've always said.
If it's what you think, then it's correct for you and whoever else wants to believe it.
I remember years ago, Joe, maybe you can help me out with this.
There was one theory about how it was all about the war criminal Radovan Karajic.
And then Joe laughs and says, yeah, that one.
I think we can say that one is correct.
Great.
So now we know.
We're done here.
We can go home.
This show is about the Bosnian-Serbian war.
Yep.
Cool.
So let's talk about the web series.
Let's talk about why it was such a hit, what makes it special, and whether or not these
puppets should be hugged.
Spoilers, don't hug them.
They're scared.
They're only scared sometimes.
That's true.
Well, I think Yellow Guy is in a perpetual state of fear.
Correct.
But the structure of this web series is that every single one of these episodes follows
a formula.
A red guy who is just a man in a red jumpsuit with a red mop for a head and two googly eyes
on top.
Yeah.
He kind of looks like he could be a McDonald's mascot of some kind.
Oh, yeah.
Like the old school McDonald's mascot.
It would be a really wrong McDonald's mascot.
Is he, you know, a friend of Grimace?
And he's not, he's a full-sized human in a costume.
He's not a puppet.
Yes.
Yes.
And then Yellow Guy, who is the series protagonist, who is a Muppet in every sense of the word.
And then there's Duck, who is kind of the acerbic sort of, I don't know, sociopath of the group.
He, over the course of it, he sort of reveals his layers as being one of the more egotistical
monsters.
Yeah, he's acerbic and he's acerb, which is really where you make the connection.
There it is.
It's all coming together.
He's sort of like, he's sort of like Rabbit in Winnie the Pooh, right?
He's kind of.
Oh, sure.
Yeah.
I guess Owl's really the smart one, but like Rabbit is the one who's like, I know what's
going on.
Pooh, you're a little bit of an idiot.
Please stop stepping on everything that I own.
Right.
Yeah.
They also do this interesting thing with Duck's voice because the same person who voices Duck
also voices Yellow Guy.
So they sort of auto-tune Duck's voice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I noticed that they don't do that on the TV show.
Once in a while.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Duck's voice has some degree of like tone filtering going through, you know, just as a fun extra
thing to do there, I guess.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And whether or not that means anything, if auto-tune Duck's, if every time that it's an auto-tune
Duck voice, it is one version of Duck or if it's not, that's up to you to decide.
Well, you know where auto-tune was invented, right?
Serbia?
Was it Serbia?
Some would say Albania.
Oh, no.
Some would say Serbia.
Wait, really?
No.
Oh.
I don't know for sure.
It's the United States, by the way.
And Terry's audio technologies created auto-tune.
And Terry's Serbian name.
This is actually, this web series.
We lost the Balkans.
Every time we lose a country, I imagine us sitting at a map and just like looking up dramatically
and saying, we've lost the Balkans.
Yeah.
I'm imagining like set out on a table and we have like little pieces that we're pushing.
Yeah, we're playing shuffleboard, but for risk.
It's that fucking scene in Tora, Tora, Tora.
We have achieved surprise.
We have achieved surprise.
Guys.
So these three, these three guys, they're all hanging out.
A red guy, a yellow guy, and a duck.
And they're always just usually sitting in silence and waiting for something to happen.
And a mysterious anthropomorphized object appears and teaches them about a concept.
For the web series, those concepts are in order.
Creativity, time, love, computers, health, and dreams.
And we start-
The four genders.
The four genders.
These six genders.
Yeah.
Well, two of them aren't genders, obviously.
Come on.
Otherwise, I would have said six.
Yeah, keep on.
I'm sorry.
So we start with-
Now we're going to learn about numbers.
How some numbers have a different name than other numbers.
So we start out with creativity.
This is the pilot episode.
This is when they didn't have almost any money.
And you can kind of tell, but you could already see the detail work already coming into play here, right?
The date is June 19th, which is the Hotel California of dates because we stay on June 19th for the entirety of the series.
There is a whole thing within the theorist community about how June 19th was a day that children's television started in the UK.
Don't care.
Doesn't matter.
Don't care.
It does not matter.
So we meet our protagonist, yellow guy, red guy, and duck sitting around a table in unnerving silence.
And then we meet our first teacher, a notebook with yarn hair.
Yeah.
It's time to get creative.
Here's another good tip of how to be a creative whiz kid.
Go and collect some leaves and sticks and arrange them into your favorite color.
Blue.
Red.
Green.
Green is not a creative color.
So it's like they're making it up on the fly, right?
It's like instead of painting with the color, it's get some sticks, arrange them into the name of a color.
Right.
Right.
And they spread it out.
Not that one.
Not that one.
Not that one.
Because again, it's like a lot of what Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared is, is about assuming that the rules are one thing.
Trying to learn what the rules are, but the rules being nonsensical and impossible to follow.
Much like, I don't know, going to art school and being graded for your art.
Right.
Or, I don't know, growing up.
Like, there's so much of that.
Like, just experiencing arbitrary rules.
And you're like, okay, I figured it out.
And then, no, no, that's not.
I guess, nope.
Well, this is kind of why, like what I was saying toward the beginning about how I feel like if you were to come across this as a kid, and actually this is something I'm wondering about with our listeners, right?
Yeah.
Did you come across this when you were a kid?
Because I would imagine that's the case for at least some of you.
Like, how did it hit you being that young?
Like, did you see truths about your world reflected back to you?
Because I think this is hitting on something.
Yeah, especially when, like, Yellow Guy tries to paint a clown, and the sketchbook is like, hey, no, stop that.
And then just goo falls from the sky like an oil-based substance just completely covers it over.
And you sit in just the sound of the goo falling down.
Like, that struck me.
Yeah, it's a very strict thing, this notepad.
It's like you never get a moment where it yells at you.
Right.
But it's just like, no, we're not doing that right now.
It's like me.
I think a lot of the charm of this first one is, is you can really see the strings, literally.
Like, you can see them figuring out what this thing is.
And you are sort of lured into this thing of like, oh, this is fun and wacky.
This is for kids.
But again, all of a sudden, that oil comes down in the clown painting, and you're like, oh, something is very wrong here.
And then the pad just gets more and more aggressive as it goes on, leading up to the point where the pad is just like, come on, guys, let's get creative.
Like, let's actually unleash this thing inside of us.
And then things get really fucked up because all the puppets turn into more like the red guy where they are wearing body suits.
They're human-sized costumes, yeah.
They have the big heads on, and they start just like going to town.
They start glittering a human heart.
At one point, like a real, I think it's probably a pig's heart, but I mean, it looks like a human heart.
And they start, everything just starts like, they start writing death in the blood oil.
And the music gets like really intense and really loud and starts like getting into your bones.
And right when somebody screams in the background, they return to normal.
Now let's all agree to never be creative again.
And this is kind of fun, too, because it's about the dynamic between teacher and student.
Right.
And speaking as somebody who has been a teacher in different ways, not like an actual formal school teacher, but I've done quite a bit in the field of training and education.
And yeah, you've like worked, you've coached high schoolers.
Yeah, that's true.
There is a truth here as well, where it's like, yes, you want people to express their creativity, but especially when you are just discovering what the thing is, it kind of has to be on rails to an extent.
Sure.
Because oftentimes, if you don't know what the tools are or how they work, you can't fully understand how to use them.
But at the same time, there is tremendous value in just allowing for that free expression to see what happens.
You know, that is a good thing.
And I think what the show is doing here is it's allowing the former without allowing the latter and basically being like, this is the way that education is actually structured.
Yes.
Like for the world that we have.
You know.
Yes.
You are allowed some degree of freedom, but the moment you go just a little bit too far.
No, stop.
And this is the episode of the web series that feels the most deeply felt to me.
Like it is the creators.
Like we went through hell for the last couple years and we're finally just, it's so cathartic just to see this explosion of anger and creativity and light and glitter.
And, you know, it is like when confronted with that, the establishment, the institution, the teacher is just like, we're shutting this down forever because we actually can't handle how weird you are.
And so much of this show is them grappling with how it's okay that they are that weird and that that kind of weirdness and gore and like horror is just a part of being creative.
I think this is their strongest piece.
One, it's later ones start to get longer.
But there's also just like it leans on the just the simple wrongness of the horror.
Yeah.
Right.
Just seeing the guys as full size costume versions of themselves is just fucked up.
That's I don't want to.
I want to see that.
I don't want them bigger.
Foreshadowing.
Like you changed their proportions on me.
That does something to your brain and you go like, fuck off.
Uh-uh.
Yeah.
It's like there's something creepy about the Muppets.
We all love the Muppets.
But I remember like as a kid, I kind of had issues with like Eureka's Castle.
I remember that very distinctly.
Oh, I don't know this.
Early 90s, late 80s show.
Oh, incredible.
Just like there was something about her face that would stick with me in a bad way.
I'm looking at this and yeah, I don't like that either.
I always didn't like the babies either.
The baby Muppets.
Not Muppet babies, but the human baby Muppets.
Yeah.
I had a similar reaction to The Puzzle Place, if you remember that one.
It's one of those classic 90s things of like we have one of every ethnicity.
Yes.
Oh, I do remember this.
And they're all a little bit fucked.
Yeah.
Oh, dear.
Especially the fucking one who looks like you, Brian.
Oh, shit.
We got to get a copy of this.
We have to get a copy of this puppet.
How is that me and not your dad, Josh?
I'm going to get you that for your birthday, Josh.
I seem to recall that that guy actually was canonically Swedish, too.
Oh, my God.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, I do.
No, he was Norwegian.
He was Norwegian.
So close.
Brian, despite being a Swede, he is the poster boy for Norway.
It is.
It is.
And there goes Scandinavia.
There it goes.
Moving the piece off the board.
Moving around.
That's the thing, too, is that when I was doing Paddington, right, one of the cardinal rules about taking pictures of the puppets is that they could never be dead.
Which is, you cannot take pictures of them hanging up.
You cannot take pictures of them on the ground.
Because there is something inherently so terrifying about a puppet that is not being operated, right?
There is.
It has this.
Like, in a way that, like, Scott Cawthon taps into with mascot outfits for Five Nights at Freddy's.
There is something very uncanny about seeing something like that not moving around and not being activated by a human actor.
Which is why we open a lot of these in silence just watching the puppets sit there waiting for something.
Because it gets you into that mode.
Into that mood of something terrible could happen at any moment.
And it usually does.
This also introduces in this pilot episode the various styles that we'll see.
So there's live action.
But they also go into a weird computer-generated 3D thing that flips around the set where you see 3D models of everyone.
Yeah, the digital style.
Yes, the digital style, in fact.
But yeah, even in this first episode.
And yeah, we get, like, 2D animation.
We get some stop-motion stuff.
They're playing with all kinds of different styles.
It really...
Digital styles.
Digital dancing.
This is fun.
And this nightmare continues in their second episode, Time, which I think this is probably my favorite of the teachers.
They're all sitting around waiting for a show to start.
And off the wall jumps Tony the Clock.
Let's go on a journey.
A journey through all time.
A time that's changing all the time.
It's time to go to time.
But we don't really want to.
We're going to miss our show.
Don't be stupid.
This one feels especially like Mighty Boosh.
Yes.
Yeah.
Especially that singing.
Yeah.
Just that style.
The whole personality there just feels like a guy who just shows up in a Mighty Boosh episode.
Or Garth Marenghi's Dark Place.
The songs from Garth Marenghi's Dark Place.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We see him.
It's so fun because the song is just basically boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
The whole way through.
And you get to see they have the puppet of Tony the Clock just like bouncing back and forth.
And he kind of looks like a Disney character.
Like Mickey Mouse sort of in the Steamboat Willie days.
Yeah.
I never looked like that.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm Mickey Mouse.
Yeah.
Well, I'm sorry.
Remember that?
Yeah.
No, but you're Disney's Mickey Mouse.
Right.
You're not Steamboat Willie Mickey Mouse, which is a different Mickey Mouse.
Oh, that's true.
You are the Mickey Mouse who is currently still copyrighted by the Disney Corporation, which
is technically a separate legal entity.
Yeah.
Right.
So really what we're doing here is instead of utilizing the one that would not get us into
legal trouble, we are instead doubling down on the one that will get us season
one, here's the thing.
Correct.
Great.
Nothing can stop us now.
Also copyrighted.
Fuck you.
Oh, no.
So Tony the Clock, as with the notepad from before, is a subject matter expert.
This is kind of the thing that we're going to see being the constant throughout all of
these and the TV show.
Right.
That the character who comes in is introducing us to a piece of subject matter in a way that
only they can.
Right.
Because they understand it better than the core characters.
This is a tremendously common conceit in children's programs.
This is a conceit in the Magic School Bus.
There's the episode where Carlos's brother is really good at programming computers.
Oh, sure.
He's like a real computer whiz.
Yeah.
And so in the episode where they learn about computers, you know, it's like, wow, my bro
knows so much about computers.
He's so great.
And then he proceeds, of course, Carlos's brother proceeds to tell them all about computers.
Right.
That's the way this shit tends to work.
The kids go on a trip.
They meet J.K. Simmons and he teaches them about tempo.
Oh, my God.
Couldn't you imagine him just throwing a symbol at the frizz?
Come on.
No way.
There is an episode where they go and meet Carol Channing and she teaches them about sound.
Honestly, pretty cool.
The main difference with Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared is that the teachers also are revealed
to know almost nothing about the subject they're teaching.
Yeah.
Or they're teaching it to you in a way that makes no sense.
Yeah.
And it's yeah, it's hard to tell if they're lying on purpose or if they're just bullshitting
their way through.
And this follows into the lyrical style because the rhyme scheme is insane in this show.
Yeah.
Sometimes they rhyme.
Sometimes they have a quarter rhyme.
I don't even want to call it a half rhyme.
Right.
And sometimes it's just like, nope, these phrases are not going to line up at all.
And they have figured out how to write this in a way that that works.
Yeah.
That always works.
Yeah.
And it's stuff like you get things in this song where it's just like scrub, scrub, scrub
to the Waterton's brown.
And it's the surprise of it that keeps it funny.
Right.
And those things.
Yeah.
It's usually like you can kind of feel it setting up towards what should be a rhyme and
then they veer so far away from it.
And even like will hijack the structure of the musical phrase to make it go too long
or something.
Here, I think we have a really good example of this lyric stuff in action.
This is the clock near the end of the video explaining to them the importance of time.
And they start getting their own question.
Now you can see the importance of time.
It helps us make pizza.
It keeps things in line.
But when did it start?
And when will it stop?
Time is important and I am a clock.
If we run out of time, then where does it go?
Is time even real?
Does anyone know?
Maybe time's just a construct of human perception.
An illusion created by...
Just totally blowing out the mic.
That goo at the end is blood spurting out of Yellow Guy's ear.
It's just a little like spurt.
And then time speeds up and they all disintegrate and age at a rapid pace.
Yellow Guy screams, make it stop.
And then you realize that this is the show that they're watching.
This was the thing they were tuning in to watch was them all melting into nothing.
And then it ends with a credit sequence where maggots are going over felt.
And you're like, I hate every bit of that.
And that's time.
I mean...
You also meet dad.
Oh, of course.
And there is Roy who is Yellow Guy's dad.
Oh, this must have been a really annoying thing that people theorized about, right?
This guy.
Oh, immensely.
Because he becomes so important to the quote unquote plot at the end.
Well, he's a computer.
My dad's a computer.
That is what Yellow Guy says.
Oh, okay.
Because his dad is looking at porn on the computer.
And there's just something very unsettling about him.
The way they handle him looking into the camera is never not unsettling.
Because he also doesn't speak.
He just breathes very heavily.
It was one of those things where I was just kind of expecting him to pay off in some way.
And he never really did.
I found that a little bit disappointing.
But again...
They do give him a payoff in the TV show.
That's true.
But not a payoff that relates to any of the setup in the web series.
It's fine, though.
Again, I'm like...
Now I'm doing the thing of like, if I had done this, I would...
And it's like, yeah, well, I...
Well, here's the thing, Josh.
I think that he does have a payoff in this.
You just have to have a very particular lens to be looking at it through.
Because a lot of people are like,
Well, he's like, he runs the TV station where all this is happening.
And blah, blah, blah.
And it's actually...
It's not about that.
I don't actually find him to be a malevolent force in this, despite the way he's portrayed.
No, I think that's the point of his last appearance, is that he's actually doing good.
Yeah.
He's actually benevolent.
He's trying...
He is actually, despite all of his porn watching in front of his son, a very good father.
And we'll get back to that as we go on in the series.
Because right now, folks, we got to talk about love.
We got to talk about love.
And this is the third episode of Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared, the web series.
It is the first one after the Kickstarter.
And you can tell.
And oh boy, do they have money now.
Not like money, money, but money.
I don't like this one at all, really.
Like, just kind of across the board, I don't care for this video.
Yeah, it's not my particular favorite of the original six.
But there is stuff in it that I really am drawn to.
We open with the trio as they go on a lovely chicken picnic.
They're eating raw chicken.
It's awful.
Raw and bloody.
I mean, it's...
Yeah, and just eggs.
Not like soft-boiled eggs.
The eggs are also bloody.
The eggs are also just gooey.
Yellow guy sees a lovely little butterfly that flies past.
And it lands on the chicken.
And Duck kills it.
And while it's animated as a butterfly when it's dead, it's just viscera on the chicken.
And Duck says, pesky bee.
Which I just, I adore.
This sends yellow guy into an emotional tailspin.
And he runs off to be by himself.
The other two don't go after him.
Because they actually really don't care about him.
Ultimately, these are three characters that don't seem initially to care about each other too much.
They're all sort of ambivalent toward each other.
They just kind of happen to be hanging around a lot.
And they happen to be living together.
They don't really, like, they don't have a history.
They don't know how they met each other.
They usually refer to each other as, like, the guy, the other guy.
They don't really even know each other's names.
Yeah.
And nor will we over the course of it.
Like, there's a lot of misdirections.
So yellow guy sits in a tree and he's comforted by a butterfly that he refers to as a little baby pigeon,
which I also adore.
And this butterfly's name is Schringnold, apparently.
Okay, sure.
Yeah, why not?
And he convinces yellow guy to join his cult of furry friends who worship love.
So here we are with all my friends.
And they love you, all of them.
Yes, we do.
This is true.
We love you.
You love us too.
I love you too, furry boy.
Harder.
That is him petting a dog and the dog really wanting to be petting.
Watch harder.
It is.
That made me laugh out loud.
You can see the uptick in budget because they just have a whole bunch more puppets here.
It's an entire, like, they not only have an outdoor space for the picnic, but now they
have this sort of heavenly area for, like, the Loveland with a giant wise talking tree and
all these different kinds of puppets and all these different crops.
Again, this is 100,000, actually, I think 105,000 pounds to make three six-ish minute
animated webisodes.
So that's enough money to do some cool stuff.
Yeah, I think so.
And we get this story of Michael, who is the loneliest boy in town, as an example of, like,
giving your love to a special one, which is sort of what the butterfly is trying to do
is to try to, like, sell Yellow Guy on the concept of marriage.
So he tells this story of Michael, and it's done in this sort of, like, grim fairy tale
design.
Let me put it another way.
This is the story of Michael, the loneliest boy in town.
This is the story of Michael, the ugliest boy in town.
Ugly and weak, they called him a freak, so he lived on his own underground.
He lived on his own underground.
He lived on his own underground.
You see, everyone has a special one.
This eventually just, it's a marriage cult.
He's just found himself in, like, the Moonies.
Yeah.
And they're trying to, like, marry everyone off, and they have this giant idol that is
their leader.
Their king.
Their king is their king.
His name is Malcolm.
Yeah.
And they feed him gravel.
It's basically, the idea is that the cult itself is nonsensical, and then it's like,
hey, it's Christianity.
Do you get it?
It's like organized religion.
Kind of.
I think this is where it all kind of falls apart for me.
Yeah.
Because this, it's deviating from the structure that's been established in a way where I think
that the jokes themselves are kind of funny, but it doesn't do the thing.
That, like, I don't really understand what it is that we're supposed to be subverting,
or what it is that we're supposed to be getting across, other than, you know, this guy, yellow
guy kind of has an overactive imagination, I guess.
Well, the idea, I think, is that every single one of these episodes looks at, like, the
structures of things that we assume about the world and about love, and how all those
structures are sort of, if you look, like, really hard at them, pretty nonsensical, and
it's just we believe it because it's the system that has been put in place.
So this is like, love is love because there's a ring involved, and it's one person forever,
and that love grows and grows and grows.
And if anything exists outside of that, it must be subjugated and made to worship the
gravel-eating Malcolm.
Right.
And I think there's even, like, we see love as being this good thing that causes good things,
but love can be very easily manipulated and twisted and used to control people.
Yes.
Right?
And also just creating narratives around love that then people have to meet.
Well, it's like, well, you haven't been able to do it so far.
Here's my way of doing it.
Come join my marriage cult.
Yeah.
And then Jesus is going to come back, and he's going to make one unified Korea.
Sure is.
Also, my nephew has a church that's just all guns.
Like, the whole thing is made out of guns.
Don't forget to subscribe to The Washington Times.
Yeah.
And here's the thing, right?
Jesus does kind of happen in that at the very end, you know, yellow guy right before
he's about to be sacrificed to Malcolm awakens from a dream, and it's red guy and duck standing
underneath him holding an egg saying, hey, we missed you all day, so we brought you this
egg because we love you.
And the egg hatches, and it's this disgusting little worm creature that screams, father!
And then duck smushes it and says, pesky bee, and its viscera takes us into the credits.
And then we move on from love to computer.
It's time to learn about computer.
The fourth episode of the web series, and this one starts out where they're all playing
a board game together, trying to figure out what the tallest thing in the world is.
And they keep looking over, because we've had three of these right now, so we have established
the structure of the teacher.
So they're like, I wonder what the tallest thing in the world is.
And they keep looking over, expectedly, to the globe, and it doesn't do anything.
And they're like, wow, I really wish we could figure that out.
And they go back to the globe, and lo and behold, the globe turns around and has eyes and is
going to sing us a song!
Well, no.
The computer cuts him off.
I'm a computer.
I'm a computery guy.
Everything made out of buttons and wires.
I'd like to show you inside my digital life.
Inside my mind, there is a digital mind.
Oh, maybe you could help us answer this question.
What is the biggest thing?
Clever.
I'm a very clever-y guy.
This is my favorite song, I think, in the web series.
Yeah, me too.
It's just got a really cool flow to it.
And the auto-tuning makes it like, I don't know.
It's just got a good melody.
I like the computer.
I like his voice.
I like his accent.
I like his weird eyes that are just like two corners of the computer and then the little
mouth in the middle.
No, I agree.
They made really good use of that famous Serbian technology, auto-tune.
Yes.
And they use, and they have like his hands are like the pointer finger.
Yeah, cursors.
And then the other cursor on it.
Right.
Oh, yeah, it's both, right?
One of them's the pointer from fucking HyperCard.
Yeah.
And the other one is the Windows pointer.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And he just asked them a lot of questions.
This is the teacher where it's the first time where he's not answering their question at all.
Yeah, no.
That they started with.
It's just a...
He has something completely different that he wants to tell them about.
Yes.
He asked them a lot of personal questions and Red Guy eventually just gets fed up with
him and just like stop talking and tries to like hit the keyboard.
The computer screams at him not to touch him.
Oh, don't touch me.
And then everything just glitches out.
I would imagine if you were in art school making a like 3D animation and this happened,
it would be your nightmare.
It's like the nightmare of like the night before you're supposed to turn something in.
Everything is glitching out all over the place.
You can hear just someone screaming in the background.
But we get sucked into the digital world and everybody's 3D animated.
It's a much better 3D animation than we saw obviously in creativity because they have
money now.
And they're all asking like, what can we do in the digital world?
And the computer's like, let me tell you about some stuff.
Oh, wow.
How amazing and interesting too.
But in this digital world, what can we do?
What can we do?
Hey, good question.
Well, it's up to you.
In the digital world, there's over three things to do.
Wow, look at pie charts.
Digital styles.
Do a digital dancing.
Hey, this is fun.
Wow, look at bar graph.
Digital styles.
Do a digital dancing.
Hey, this is fun.
This goes on for quite a while.
It goes on for a long time.
And this is something that irritated you, Brian?
Because it sounds like, is that accurate?
Yeah, it irritated me.
I also remember when this was new, watching this with a friend of mine who was also into
the Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared.
And we were at my apartment watching it.
And then my roommate bust out of his room and just started yelling at us because he couldn't
fucking listen to that fucking digital style one more fucking time.
Okay, so this is a traumatic memory.
I see.
I guess, but it also was like, still that feeling from love of like, oh, did they lose
the sauce?
No.
See, and computer was like enjoyable.
And I just thought this segment, I just didn't enjoy it.
That's a taste thing because I could not disagree more strongly.
It is a taste thing because I have it.
Oh, wow.
Everybody get up.
It's time to slam now.
Also, the graph becomes more and more degraded.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's then it's, oh, wow, look, an oblong.
And then it's, oh, wow, look, nothing.
That's my favorite one.
Yeah.
Because then it does one more where it goes back and he's like, oh, still nothing.
And you can hear he's like really depressed about it.
Yeah.
It's like, is it just the end of the internet?
He wanted to look at those graphs.
He loved those graphs.
Digital style.
Digital style.
And the thing is, I think it is intentionally supposed to be grading because, Brian, your reaction
to it is, it succeeds, unfortunately.
Yeah.
But the idea is that it drives Red Guy to be like, oh, I'm trapped in a loop and I'm actually
not having fun with this.
Right.
I will say, Brian, I'm actually kind of surprised that you don't like it given your commitment
to bits that go on for far too long.
Yeah.
Not that one, though.
So Red Guy gets like really upset by this and he's like, I'm just going to unplug the
computer.
This is enough.
Enough is a fucking enough.
And he follows the wire into a back room where it looks like a live action version of Don't
Hug Me, I'm Scared is being filmed.
There's just a mop with googly eyes.
There's a live duck on the table.
Yeah.
And notably, it's not the same as the live action full costume versions of them that
we saw in the first episode.
Right.
No.
They're doing a different thing here.
Yeah.
Or are they doing the same thing and it's all unified and I can explain exactly how.
So Red Guy sees the order of the universe and he must be punished for it.
So the director runs in with a clapper and it says cut on it.
He snaps it and then Red Guy's head explodes into glitter.
Yeah.
And Brian, to your point about these things getting longer, this is one of the shortest
episodes.
It's over before the five minute mark and I think everything after here is like over five
or over six minutes.
And I think a lot of that appeal is that it just ends with the head explosion.
I like that.
Yeah.
That was a fun exclamation point.
The timing of it felt really fun.
The glitter was fun.
Just like a really big like, you know, ta-da.
Very, very clearly like now we can do stuff that we weren't able to do before.
Yeah.
And it's a great, it's a great punchline in a way that a lot of, especially in the web
series, they're very good at doing.
They're very good at ending on a very high inflection point.
And you think.
And this is obviously a cliffhanger.
It's like, well, they've this time, this time for the first time they have ended in
a different state than they were at the beginning.
Right.
It's always three guys.
It's just three.
What's going to happen?
Now there's two.
Yeah.
And you know, there is a possibility that we're going to come back and everything just
resets.
Right.
You know, going into episode five, you don't know, but it turns out they stick to their
guns.
They come back and red guy is gone.
Yeah.
They stick to their gums, which are all.
They're all gray.
Yeah.
We are in the episode about food or health.
Yeah.
It is.
Duck is very concerned because turns out red guy is gone and he notices it, but yellow guy
doesn't really.
And they immediately get a teacher who comes in the form of spinach.
I didn't clip a lot from these last two episodes because it's very visual storytelling what's
happening in it.
It's also very vibes-y, I think, these last two.
And now we have come into a space where there's more continuity than was the case before.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
But this is where I felt, okay, we're back.
We're really back.
This is some good ass don't hug me shit right here.
Right.
Like, turn in your teeth gray, turn in your tongue gray, your gums gray, your body gray,
your brain gray.
The arbitrariness of what food constitutes something that is good versus bad.
All arbitrary.
They divide it and they say, yeah, arbitrary in the same way that the creativity, you know,
green is not a creative color.
It's such an arbitrary thing.
And it's the same thing with food.
We talked about how sensible the magic school bus was with outlining the digestive system.
Right.
Yeah.
The computer game wasn't very sensible.
And here they have this chocolate bar.
Chocolate bar.
Chocolate bar.
There it is.
But here their diagram of the digestive system is a house and the mouth is a chimney.
Right.
And it only serves to make it more confusing.
It's utterly ludicrous.
Yeah.
And some foods are polite and some foods are rude.
Yes.
Which is so fucking British, by the way, to be like, what constitutes good or bad is being
either polite or rude.
Yeah.
They also have the simple health shape, which is like the food pyramid.
Right.
And it also kind of like even as an adult, the narrative around nutrition is always changing.
Well, right.
And that made me think about the food pyramid, too.
Yeah.
That I didn't really.
That was so drilled into us in elementary school.
They really thought this solved everything.
And the thing about the food pyramid that you might not know and definitely won't know
if you're not an American is that it was created by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
The whole point of the food pyramid was to convince you to buy more grains and corn.
Yeah.
You got to buy bread.
You got to get that bread.
Because that is what our entire agricultural economy is based upon.
Wheat.
Yeah.
It was like, oh, yeah, don't eat any sugar, but carbohydrates get six to ten servings.
Yeah.
You need to be eating a whole loaf of bread every day.
It was so much fucking bread.
And it's like, that's so filling, first of all.
I'd be Goku in that situation.
Yeah.
It was a very absurd thing.
And to this day, there's still a lot of like especially right wing grievance around it.
And it's the fact that like nutrition itself is hard to understand because you can only look at it longitudinally.
You have to look at it for like the span of your entire life.
And it's a very big, complex thing.
You can't just isolate.
Okay, let's just have someone only eat saturated fats for a month.
Right.
That'll just kill them or cause insane vitamin deficiencies.
Right.
So you have to like.
You could lie about it.
Do the best that you can.
Do a documentary.
But then you also have a lot of massive moneyed interest.
I was going to say, it's so fucking political.
Yeah.
In the 90s, everything was about cutting fat.
All kinds of fat.
They made potato chips that made your asshole just leak shit.
That's right.
Yeah.
Like Alestra was this big thing.
And it's like, no, if you eat fat, you can actually feel satiety.
And that will actually keep you from eating too much.
And if you're just eating carbohydrates, you're just filling your body with a bunch of energy.
That's exactly the thing, though, is these rules are arbitrary.
Yeah.
And it's because a lot of the weight research, a lot of the heavy hitting weight research around fat was sponsored by the sugar industry and by Coca-Cola and shit.
Right.
Because they wanted you to get those empty carbs.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's also, you know, they also introduced gummy bears that destroyed your digestive tract by saying they were sugar-free.
Well, that was the Germans.
They did that themselves.
Don't blame us for that one.
I'm sorry.
It was a Serbian plot in Germany in order.
All right.
There goes Germany.
There goes Germany.
Shall we?
Shall we, gentlemen?
Let's push that.
That's why I'm voting AFD so I can keep the Serbs out of Germany and get that Serbian invention artificial sweetener xylitol.
Oh, boy.
Good, good, good.
So one of the foods that they recommend that you eat is aspic, which I think is very funny and will actually oddly come back later.
Yeah.
And aspic, plain white sauce, gelatin.
Right.
You know, like it's like it feels like, and again, I don't know the British context for this, but it also, but for the American equivalent, it feels like they're going back to like the 70s.
Yeah.
And interestingly, root vegetables are a no, no, no carrots, no carrots.
No.
And it's no yolk.
And I also just want to shout out that you can have eggs, but not yolk.
Not yolk.
The teacher for this one, there's two of them.
There's the can of spinach, but then there's also the giant tap dancing steak.
I have to call it the design of that.
They do this thing with the mouths of these teachers.
They're just little like, like yarn that they're.
Wire things.
Wire things that they're able to manipulate, but it gives them so much personality.
And the minute any of them frown, it's the scariest thing you've ever seen in your life.
And there's this thing that keeps happening throughout the episode where the phone keeps ringing and Duck keeps answering the phone.
But every time he does, he wakes up in a surgery where he's watching the action on a TV and it's a completely different lighting style.
Yeah.
And his intestines are all getting threaded out of his body.
And being eaten by this giant, like kind of looks like a yellow candy corn monster that just keeps devouring all of his innards.
And this one to me feels the most like a nightmare.
Like it's just the banality of sitting there and having your organs being eaten by this monster.
But like.
And being like, hey, stop.
Stop it.
Yeah.
Duck isn't screaming.
And the organs are gross.
But for me, it's the fact that this duck puppet has teeth that we don't see in the normal one that really causes me to be like, no, no, no, no, no.
Get me out of here.
It eventually ends up that yellow guy is recommended to eat duck guy because duck guy refuses to fall in line with being taught anymore because red guy is gone and something is really fucking wrong.
And so yellow guy eats the duck, is tricked into eating the duck.
And we're at the end of the episode where the phone is ringing.
And it has.
This is like I wrote this down.
This is the most David Lynch shot in the whole thing.
It's just very still, very harsh shadows.
And yellow guy does not move to take the phone call, right?
He does not accept the call to potentially escape the world.
He remains ensconced in it.
And then we get this credit sequence that I could only describe as like a live action version of an anime ending where red guy is in like a big Macintosh coat and is walking out of this call box in slow motion while this very sexy saxophone blares behind him in this rainstorm.
And it's like, oh, so red guy is alive.
They're like seeding the they're planting the seeds for what the finale will be.
Yeah.
He's actually safe and he's living in very obviously just sort of the real world.
Nothing around him is artificial.
And meanwhile, duck is now probably dead from having been turned into canned food and eaten.
Yes.
Another game theorist thing that they did was focus on the numbers above the call box and like what could those numbers possibly mean?
And I phone number.
Probably.
I bring that up because that will actually be important later.
OK, so we enter in.
I'm sorry.
I just I hate that shit.
So no, no, I understand.
It grates on my very being.
No, I understand.
And the reason it's important later is not for lore reasons.
And that that that is the point of that.
So we enter into the final episode of the web series.
This is dreams.
Red guy and duck are still gone.
And yellow guy.
Just yellow guy.
Sitting alone in his bed.
He does not want any more lessons.
He tries to go to sleep and his lamp's like, I can teach you about dreams.
He's like, I don't want this.
Please fucking stop.
No.
Dreams are the movies that live in your head.
No.
Every night when you sleep in your bed.
He ends up in sort of this half lucid, half asleep state.
We don't really know where he's at.
We know that he's drowning in oil and some wakes back up in his bed and is drowning in oil again.
Yeah.
And it is it is a thing that when we go into the dream, it enters into a Sesame Street like animation.
We see various images from throughout the show in the background.
Also animated.
It's gorgeous.
I think this part like really, really pops just very, very bright colors, very fluid stuff.
And as yellow guy drowns into his bed, into the oil, he wakes up or red guy wakes up in the real world.
Yes.
It is just it is harshly lit, high definition.
It's our world.
It's our world.
And it's just full of red guys.
Yeah.
Well, and not only is it our world, it's a very clear office space reference, which I loved.
But you've got, you know, red guy turning around in his supervisor.
It's just the shot of Lumberg asking him for the TPS papers from office space, you know.
Right.
Right.
Right.
And now we see the drudgery in the mundanity of red guy's existence having to exist in everyday life.
Yes.
We see him try to break out of it by saying, wouldn't it be funny if one of these files came alive?
Yeah.
I am a file and you put documents in me and a do do do a file.
And this is sort of the trick of it.
All the songs sound like they're being made up as they go along.
But this one sounds like a more amateur version of it.
Yes.
And it's such a fine line that they balance here.
And I think it's really, really remarkable.
But no one is impressed.
They're like, shut up and don't do that.
Why would you do that?
And yeah, everybody's very blas.
They're sort of this performative detachment that everybody has.
It's the rules of our world.
If those rules were dictated by the teachers we've seen so far.
Yeah.
This is the world that this sort of conformity leads to.
It's very boring.
And so it's interesting that the house was hell, but he keeps trying to get back to it.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
He keeps referencing things from the house.
It's all that he really understands.
You know, even if you have a lot of childhood is actually pretty miserable.
But people are like, well, I just want to go back.
I just want to be a kid.
I just want to not have the responsibilities and the boredom.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's, but it's also like, it's embracing that like creativity is hell, but it's all that
makes life worth living too.
Because I think that Dreams is ultimately also about creativity.
Right?
It is about Red Guy getting up in front of all his fellow Red Guys, getting nude, becoming
nude.
He does become nude.
And performing the song creativity for them.
What's your favorite idea?
Mine is being creative.
How do you get the idea?
I just try to think creatively.
When you look at this orange, tell me please, what do you see?
It's just a boring old orange.
Or maybe to you, but not to me.
I see a silly face.
Ooh.
Walking along and smiling at me.
Ooh.
And everyone fucking hates it.
Yeah, it's, I really liked this.
Yeah.
Because you already know that it's not going to work because of what's been set up.
Yeah.
The fact that, you know, this world is the world of conformity.
There is no space for any sort of creativity here whatsoever.
Even the very didactic form of creativity expressed in that song at the top of the show.
Yeah.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter whether you're talking about very pat, simple creativity or more expansive
creativity.
There is no space for it here.
Yeah.
And seeing that happen in real time is just like, goddamn, this is, dare I say it, the
worst of all possible worlds.
Whoa!
Whatever we have is one.
So, at the back of the bar during this performance, we see Roy, who is the yellow guy's dad, just
kind of sitting and watching, right?
And we glitch.
Yeah.
The only not red guy.
Not red guy.
And we glitch out into sort of, it looks like the red room from Twin Peaks, but without the
curtains.
So, it's just a checkerboard floor in this abyss space.
And red guy discovers a giant console on which he can watch yellow guy being taught a lesson by the lamp.
Right.
And he kind of goes mad with power by just replacing that guy by pushing a few buttons with a different teacher.
And we get basically the 11 o'clock number of Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared.
He doesn't know how to use the machine, so it's just changing things.
But he just keeps pushing stuff.
He just keeps smashing his hand against it.
And we get every single one of the teachers we've seen so far, but then we start getting new teachers we haven't seen.
And the songs start getting worse and worse and worse.
And it just becomes this huge frenzy until Roy, the yellow guy's dad, with the longest arm I've ever seen, gives red guy.
I've seen longer.
All right.
No, you haven't.
Don't lie.
I have longer arms than that, actually.
No, come on.
You don't know.
You've never seen my arms.
Not fully extended.
No.
It is weird when we're recording in person.
Go, go, Brian Arms.
It is really weird how we're recording.
I'll feel a tap on my shoulder and I'll turn around and there's no one there.
And Brian will be on the opposite side of the room just like chuckling to himself.
It's.
Yeah.
Well, it just it helps me defeat Dr. Claw every week.
Okay.
Well, as long as there's a reason.
Yeah.
As long as there's a dramaturgical reason for it.
There it is.
What are we at?
Whatever we are.
Now, mark that down.
Dramaturgy percent achieved.
We did it.
The thing about me and Dr. Claw, Penny, is that we are a dramaturgical diet.
I'll get your diet gadget.
I have to go cough.
Yeah.
What have you done to yourself, Brian?
You're sick.
I sacrifice for the art.
Penny and Inspector Gadget.
Who is this?
It's Jordan Peterson, obviously.
It is.
The thing that they are all about is expressing the divine feminine chaos as represented by
Penny's constant fucking bitching in my ear.
So speaking about order and chaos, right?
The world in Yellow Guy's reality is complete chaos at this point.
And Red Guy cannot stop.
And it takes a hand being put on his shoulder by Roy, Yellow Guy's dad, in a very creepy
fashion, but in a very loving way of just being like, hey, stop this.
In a way that the message that they had at the beginning about creativity, about unleashing
it, like, let's never be creative again.
This is like, let's put some guardrails on your creativity because at a certain point,
you can only inflict so much torture on your characters before you have diminishing returns,
right?
And this episode asked the question, what do you owe the characters that you create?
And do you owe it to them to eventually just step off the train at a certain point and
let them alone?
I think I see it less as your obligations to the characters and more as your obligations
to the audience.
Right.
I think those are one in the same obligation to me as a writer.
Oh, that's interesting.
Yeah.
Huh.
Can you speak more on that?
Sure.
I just think that, like, if you are serving the characters well, you are serving the audience
well.
And if you are not serving the characters, and this is not saying you have to be nice
to your characters all the time.
It is just that a certain amount of torture becomes, the characters become numb to it
if they were real, right?
They would become numb to it.
And at that same point, the audience would also very much become numb to it.
So you have to find either more creative ways to become torturous towards them or at a
certain point, realize that you're out of tricks and to let them go, right?
And so that's exactly what Red Guy does.
He unplugs the simulation.
He lets Yellow Guy rest at long last.
But he doesn't because he can't.
Because the rules of the system are that there must always be more show.
To quote BoJack Horseman, there must always be more show.
So what we get is a reboot of Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared, where it's a blue guy now.
It's a green, I believe, yellow guy now.
And a new red bird, right?
And the calendar at the back ticks off.
And we are on June 20th now.
And a new notepad opens and starts to sing the creativity song.
What's your favorite idea?
Then it's a bump to black.
Yep.
And that is the end of Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared, the web series.
It does really, really well.
Pretty much across the board.
There's always, of course, drop-off because you'll always have that in any sort of series or numbered thing on YouTube.
But it maintains views in the millions.
And somebody has the bright idea of being like, what if we gave them actual money, money to do this and tap into that market of interested fans?
Yeah.
Looking at the YouTube analytics now, just for a sense of scale here.
Sure.
The first Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared currently has 78 million views on YouTube.
Yeah.
Which is a lot, but it's also interesting to me because the game has changed so much since then.
78 million is no longer a truly impressive number, particularly given the period of time that it's been up.
You know, this has been online now for 13 years.
Mr. Beast put up a video a couple weeks ago.
Men versus women survived the wilderness for $500,000, which currently has 109 million views.
And what Mr. Beast does is, you know, reality TV programming.
You have that.
You have streaming.
You have people playing video games reacting to things.
YouTube is not going to be a very fruitful platform for short films.
Right.
Which is what Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared is.
It's a series of short films.
But back then it was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This was made over the course of five years.
The first Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared came out in July of 2011.
And the final one, Dreams, was, let me say that again.
And the final one, Dreams, came out on June 19th.
Ha ha ha.
2016.
Right.
And that one has 29 million views.
Right.
A significant downturn, which is what happens, again, with series over time on YouTube.
YouTube.
And the thing is, though, I think it's sort of a thing that's been passed down, you know,
by word of mouth.
This was a big thing for a lot of people.
And so that's how it's been able to sort of stay relevant.
Even if it's not hitting Mr. Beast numbers, it is a thing that people turn to is like,
have you seen this really fucked up thing?
Yeah.
And to be fair.
This very cursed object.
You know, I am saying like, well, it doesn't have as many views as the most popular channel
in the history of digital media.
Right, right, right, right, right.
The history of digital style.
Digital style.
And so they decide.
Digital dancing?
Yeah, this is fun.
So they decide to take it out of the realm of the three things you can do on the internet
and for the next two years begin to work on a TV show.
Right.
Which we will talk about after this break.
And then I had a dream where there was three guys who was talking about us.
And they said some nice things and they said some bad things too.
And then they stopped for a bit.
And then they started again.
Sounds boring.
I don't want to talk about this anymore.
I want to talk about this weird rash I've got.
Oh, don't put it on the table.
Oh, it's gotten all gooey.
Do you think it's serious?
I'm not a doctor.
Why would you ask me if I'm...
Uh...
What is that?
Who are you?
How did you get in here?
Your skin is made of cells.
Many, many cells.
Plus there's hair and oils and tissue and nerves.
And other things that make up skin.
Look, it's a bone, man.
I'm filled with bones.
Cause you gotta have skin.
The skin is what keeps bones in.
Skinny skin skin.
From the tip of your nose to the butt of your chin.
I don't have a chin.
I have a beak.
You're being very rude assuming I have a chin.
But what else is in the skin?
Your flesh is flush with fabulous filaments.
It's got vessels and fat and other things.
Every inch just so lousy with pores.
So why don't you just give me yours?
Wow.
Who knew all that stuff was in the skin?
Wait.
Did you say you want our skin?
Plus there's blood.
You gotta have blood.
Ow.
It's what keeps your body ticking, bud.
Blood keeps your headers nice and fed.
If I don't get your skin, the skin man will murder me.
Wow.
I had no idea blood was so important.
Sorry.
Who is the skin man?
My twin brother.
He's coming over right now.
And he hates you.
Oh.
Why?
I said why?
Is he even listening to me?
The human body is ripe with mystery.
Is your skin intact or is it blistery?
Do you moisturize?
Do you keep it fresh?
For the love of God, just give me your flesh.
No.
It's mine.
I said give it to me.
He said no.
Too late.
He's here.
Somebody's at the door.
I'll get it.
No.
Hello.
Your insides are on the outside.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Now I have your skin
Now you're alone
Throw it on the bin
What's inside of you
is what's on the tin
So go out ther boys
And get yourself some skin
Get yourself some skin
Get yourself some skin
Get yourself some skin
Get yourself some skin
Get yourself some skin
Get yourself some skin
That looks..
Yes
S importantly
so we're here we're back we're so stoked because we are moving on from the web series of don't
hug me i'm scared into the tv show version of don't hug me i'm scared yeah which is one that
i don't think a lot of people who watch the original web series have watched like it feels
like the audience for this was incredibly small it wasn't well hyped stateside and i don't know
i don't think it made it i don't think it was ever available for legitimate viewing in the united
states of america which is wild to me because this was such a sensation here in the states in terms of
just a web series part of it is a timing issue which we'll get into because the premiere was delayed
because the queen died i imagine production was probably a fact i mean considering this was in
the works since like 2016 ish okay i imagine that there were issues stemming from covet 19 you know
things like that and originally they were working on an entirely different tv show which they
actually announced to the public on september 13th 2018 they release a trailer called wakey wakey
which to their youtube channel no relation to the will you know play of the same name i'm assuming
i mean very related actually oh yeah we'll never know that's the thing we'll never know i mean i don't
know it is it is worth noting wakey wakey the will you know play uh was first performed in february
of 2017 so the timeline actually does line up for the folks at home will you know is one of our
beloved strange playwrights yeah he's an odd duck the book writer of skittles the musical yes and fun
little the worst of all possible worlds lore fact it was because of the skittles musical that this
entire project the worst of all possible worlds exists so they release this trailer wakey wakey
it's a minute long it shows a much wider world out there the puppets leave the house they explore
this they've got a town yeah they live in like a town of of of other weird little fucks yeah but
these are the same puppets in wakey wakey this is a continuation of the don't hug me i'm scared
extended universe absolutely and it is produced by blink industries who produced the web series
super deluxe and conan o'brien's production company conoco uh which all no relation to the gas station
of the same name no relation no relation god i forgot about super deluxe for a little bit of context on
that that was turner networks the old super deluxe was its own streaming website that right might have
did it even predate youtube uh i don't think it predated youtube but around that same time and
it was like a break and other college humor funny or die there were comedy sites that were hosting
their own videos right and um super deluxe uh brad neely his stuff the professor brothers that started
on on the old super deluxe there were a bunch of like just really irritating like atheist and then
and then turner rolled it into adult swim pretty quickly so it's really surprising to me that this
show never ended up airing on adult swim you would think that it would and late 2010s of course super
deluxe turned into another sort of thing with like vick berger a bunch of other people and then it
disappeared overnight and they deleted everything yeah and i mean speaking of deleting everything uh this
pilot that was shown for this series was aired exactly once uh at sundance in january of 2019
and then it was never seen again the pilot was scrapped and there is no definitive answer as to
why that happened i've seen conflicting reports here or there but essentially the creators were not happy
with it because or it might be that there's some sort of tie-up with the production company i've seen a
little bit of bootleg footage from the one screening um yeah it's all out of focus but like the song is fun
like what i can hear like what what little was captured is it's it seemed like it would have been
a fun show to me but there was one interview where they said it lost sort of the claustrophobia
of being trapped in this house and that was a thing they wanted to maintain for the series and i i feel
like i want to believe that one just because of the show that we would eventually end up yeah because
it's about the house because channel 4 greenlit this other series in july of 2020 when you know a
whole lot was going on in terms of production and things uh and they ended up wrapping production in
september of 2021 which means they shot during the entirety of like the worst of the pandemic yeah but
i feel like it's one of those shows that could remain pretty safe because of the lack of like human
actors but like thinking about how puppets work that's true more than one person and they have to
squeeze together to operate the puppet but at least they could be masked do you know what i mean
and they could make a little bubble for themselves and you know there were sort of things that like
this this is the show that would make the most sense for me and that's a really really long post
production tale so i wonder if that was because of all the um two-dimensional animation and cgi
coming in afterwards and that's why that took a full extra year yeah that that feels right to me um
it ends up premiering on september 30th a whole year later in 2022 and it had been delayed a little
bit because the queen went and died and it pushed their premiere back but they were able to come out
and yeah by a week yeah you know not bad uh and they expand the show to 23 minute episodes very much
up from the web series yes a count of six to seven minutes at most helling sloan and terry who are the
original creators of it bring on additional writers including sam campbell who is one of my favorite
taskmaster contestants natasha hodgson who is another really wonderful uk comedian and they also
bring on this is fascinating to me megan gantz she's american right she is an american she is a writer
on it's always sunny community and one of the co-creators of mythic quest she co-hosts the it's always
sunny in philadelphia podcast so you can listen to her there as well a incredibly sharp comedic mind
she's brought on as their story editor just to make sure all the continuity works and all that
also a notable michigander grew up in kalamazoo went to u of m go blue baby she also worked on
modern family like she is like just a really great comedic mind and it's it really shows i think over
the course of this series why she was such an important element to bring into this because
things start getting a lot more sitcom-y yeah this this becomes something very different than it
was in the web series in that it becomes a full-blown half-hour children's entertainment
commercial break and everything with a commercial break and everything sometimes do commercial breaks
uh the fun things to watch out for when you're watching this they sneak in june 19th all over the
place with 1906 which is you know in in the way the british tell time you know it is
the way they tell time yeah they're all switched up and also just look at the background for some
symbols they just sneak in a couple of the very spooky symbols into the background that they'll use
uh in the ultimate episode just a fun thing to notice with production design this thing
really shines in that regard so we open with our first episode jobs we see the outside shot of the
house spinning and we get a theme song yeah there's three of us there's three of us look closely you will see
there's three of us just three of us there's him and you and me and every day we all hang out to find out what we talk about
and i'm the one that's over here and i'm the one that's over here
the camera can't quite find him
fun fact that was almost our theme song because that is
there are in fact three of us true and i'm the one that's over here yeah and i'm the one that's over
here and i'm mickey mouse yes so it seems like everything's back to normal right we ended the
last show with a completely different cast of characters that all look the same but just had a
slightly different color to them yeah but we're back with our original trio yep it's june 20 this took
like the continuity from that web series and it's like don't worry about it new show which is fine i
think that's a good choice and they do keep they do call back to things in the web series in a very
fun way but they are very much easter eggs this is very much it's sort of its own timeline its own
continuity or whatever we're not going back to red guys world of red guys finishing red guy
entering the world of red guy they open the show with the they stayed up all night talking but they
have nothing planned for the rest of the day which is just fine by red guy he has a little palm
pilot that's called a hand captain i just want to point that out that's clever that's very fun and
clever uh but that's what they called me at the boarding school come on so this is a problem right
because if they're all sitting around doing nothing in the don't hug me i'm scared universe that means
that there's a teacher a come that's right oh boy does that teacher a come this is a briefcase with a
briefcase or as yellow guy puts it one of those guys who has one of himself he's very observant he just
doesn't have the language that he needs to describe what's going on to him as you had mentioned aj
this is a full half hour now or 23 minutes really and that means that the pace is a lot slower the
song here from the briefcase which we're going to play in just a second doesn't start until three
minutes and 15 seconds into the fucking thing and and this makes the thing feel fundamentally different
yeah yes it is a very different show in terms of like the diegetic like theme like songs itself
like the teaching songs usually we open with those in the web series and this one we're actually taking
time to explore these characters more which again is why they brought on these writers to help them
out right because they're like we know how to do what we know how to do but in order to like make this
into a half hour sitcom basically we're going to need uh more hands on deck right and uh those hands come
in the form of a little briefcase guy who sings this song about all the jobs they could do
you give me anything you want to do it's totally up to you even if you don't know what to do
i can help you show you you could be the guy who types so fast on computers
that's me
that's none of us
oh you could be the one who bangs the hammer when he's angry
order
oh you could be the one who makes people better when they're poorly
oh careful
maybe i could be the one who plants a tree
cuts it down to make a shed
and i will invent a digital currency based around respect
i would really prefer to do as little as possible or nothing at all
is that an option
what you want to sit around all day
so we see like the main motivations of these things right we have we have yellow guy who actually
just wants to do a job and like be useful and use his hands or whatever and then we have duck
who like the sociopath that he is wants to start
a digital currency
yeah respect coin
respect coin
uh
a digital currency that is not that is based in respect but not tied to a ledger
if it's a digital currency it's going to be tied to a ledger it's just going to be a decentralized ledger
i think you need to
unlike
i think you need to expand your mind
like i i respect is not one through ledgers
it's one through people
it's actually a really good point
this is a currency that's about people
it is about people
and i think josh that maybe you should start uh getting in touch with your digital style
i will
the digital currency based on respect i think it's even funnier now
yeah
like that's a joke that would have been funny back then but now it's so fucking funny
and i think that this joke is just going to keep aging better and better and better
yeah
mama mia
and we also meet uh the briefcase's
nephew
unemployed
it's his older brother
it's his older brother
unemployed brendan
he's smaller and he has a high voice
but it's his older brother
yeah he
and he really doesn't want to participate
in any of this
he's just like
don't call me unemployed brendan
my name is brendan
and he tries to punch the wall
and he like breaks his hand
and they're like
are you all right
and he's like
are you gonna publish my novel
and they're like
no
and he's like
then leave me alone
and so the briefcase just goes into a broom closet and disappears immediately
they open it
he's not there
they turn around
now they're in a workplace
yeah
and they are all going to be employed on this weird assembly line
and there's a character named duncan who is running the website of it
and when they ask have you seen a briefcase he points to a green
first aid kit
on the wall
and again
what I love about don't hug me I'm scared
is that the supposedly dumb characters in it
all have the right answers
right
yeah
it's like no it's not that
it's one of those guys who has one of himself
right
yeah
stares at them
duh
so you know
this is a real workplace that creates real things
which makes it perfect job placement for yellow guy and red guy
yellow guy is working on the assembly line
red guy doesn't want to do anything
so he becomes an executive
right
there is no place here
for making your own digital currency based around respect
no
sorry
sorry you're gonna have to vote for andrew yang to get that
which is so then that means that duck actually is unemployed
yeah
uh he he does not have a space in this world
but he's also sort of employed
like he's supposed to be an employee of the place
yeah
yeah yeah he's supposed to be doing something
he's milton
but oh that's right but he can't do it
yeah
he tries to structure something on the assembly line
and it becomes an abomination
because this is peterson and sons and friends
bits and parts limited
right
very tom goes to the mayor
yes it is
and when
and the thing is even when you make a bit into a part
it just gets sucked up into the machine
and regurgitated back out at you
so it's just a closed loop
right
you are really doing nothing
in this factory
and so as you said brian
yellow guy thrives in this place
so much so that when it comes time for lunch
everybody's making small talk
but duck just can't seem to get it
and they want to get some food from the vending machine
hi there
how are you
how is your child
good thanks
i like my child
but not as much as i like
lasagna
oop
one restaurant style lasagna
coming up
when are we going to go
i thought i was supposed to invent a digital currency
not this
what
we can't go
it's only lunch time
what's he saying in there
what's he walking around for
is he lost
hey come on
let's not talk about work over lunch
don't even talk to claire until she's had her lasagna
now stop forming a bond with them
we should go
if you're going
then i have your lasagna
get away from me duncan
aww
that's one of my favorite lines
get away from me duncan
so just a quick point of order here
is that the vending machine is voiced by phil wang
another great british comedian
oh okay
who is also one of my other favorite contestants on taskmaster
it is it is very clear that i think sam campbell just asked him to do it
and he's an absolute delight
yeah and uh talk about this vending machine for a second
yeah
it's fully corporeal
uh it's got a you know its own song in the same way that all the other shit has a song
uh and by the way lunch consists of lasagna
a cigarette
and a very strange drink
it's black water
but if like duck you are underemployed
there's a free vending machine
now admittedly it dispenses a diarrhea like liquid
it's not the best lunch option
it's from the food scraps that it it scrapes off of the floor
yeah it's there for you though if you need it
it is so viscerally gross
it's an uncrustable
that's what it is
oh it is
it is
and then and then like she like diarrhea's all over his hand
and then it's just like actually i gave you too much
give give some of me back
uh and i
well it's interesting to have these puppet costume hands right
it's a felt object that you have to make messy
and like you can't clean that
that's just that's a one-time use hand right there
yeah you burn it like the effigy of malcolm
they have to dip a puppet in like black tar or whatever
it's like yep you had to make it for one scene
just kind of reminds me of the puke scene in team america world police
you know right
you've got one shot
and that's part of why that scene is as funny as it is
as you said red guy finds himself as upper management
and his fax machine and trash can try to convince him
that he has to fire someone immediately
like that's his job
his fax
well it is his job
and his fax machine is uh
very unhealthily dedicated to him
uh there's problems
yeah she's it's it's not great
um and wouldn't you know it
uh duck is in the middle now of watching an orientation video
because he gets fired
that's that's the person that red guy fires is in fact duck
and so he's sent to this orientation video
so you're a new employee here at peterson's and sons and friends
bits and parts limited
i imagine you've probably been thinking a bit about what part you play
like a sporting team or the army
uh-oh
our business runs on something called teamwork
from the manufacturing team
hello
to the big brains in upper management
he sees red
he sees red
he sees red
even duncan on the website
health and safety
first things first
we are well aware of our reputation
but health and safety is important to us
in our own special way
what does that even mean
what that means is that at some point
we will have an accident
and that's a promise
because we feel that only a freak accident
helps us appreciate all the times
we're not being burnt in a grease fire
or mangled in a piece of machinery
it's so funny that this firing happens too
because duck is telling red guy
your job is nothing
all you have to do is pick up a phone
and then duck tries to pick up the phone
and it's a disaster
yeah
he rips the fax machine off the counter
does a bad job of picking up a phone
yeah
and i love i love this line too
of um
an accident will happen
yeah
and it's like uh
we are aware of our reputation
but
health and safety
are very important to us
this is so fucking real
this is
this was one of my favorite lines
in the entire thing
yeah yeah yeah
and we we get to meet up
with yellow guy
and red guy
in the bathroom
and yellow guy
turns out to the camera
and this happens a couple times
in the series
where yellow guy
will try to just explicitly tell you
what the moral is
yeah he tries to do the thing
that the show
is supposed to be doing
so he turns to the camera
starts talking to us
and then the urinal leaves
because everything is
you know alive
it just steps out
to take a smoke break
and takes a smoke
and we follow the urinal
yes
we're just at the urinal's perspective
at that point
and he's calling the urinal crisis helpline
and on his break
and then has to go back
to being a urinal
and it comes in at the tail end
of yellow guy's speech
right
uh and then you know
duck has to encounter the care hound
yeah
he's sent uh
he's trying to figure out
what to do now that he is unemployed
but the elevator lady
that's taking him
to the care hound
is like
well
you don't have to be unemployed
we just have to fix
your attitude
right
about being employed a little
he gets to the corporate wellness initiative
right
he has to deal with hr and counseling
and this is
this is what it sounds like
we'd like to make some suggestions
here's some guidance
for dealing with stress
just a small exercise
that may help you stay calm
when your stressful behavior is bad
try to imagine
all your thoughts
are squeezed inside a cube
and the cube is in a garden
but the garden
isn't real
and the cube
is made of nothing
now let's imagine
we're in
a library
and there's loads
and loads of books
and they represent
the cube
and the cube
is actually you
what's happening
I'm not a cube
turn it off
I will say
from my time
I've done my fucking time
in corporate
and
oh this is too real
this is way too real
it's first of all
the animation
has taken a huge leap up
from the web series
right
this is sort of like
it's kind of like
kind of like
I got a Miami neon
quality to it
and
it's very like
acid trippy
kind of stuff
but
it
follows the same logic
of corporate speak
right
it's trying to like
it's trying to show you
that what
like the
this leads to this
leads to this
is actually just as nonsensical
in the workplace
as it is
when you're being
taught
you know
how the human body
works in school
this is the one
I think recurring
core thematic idea
of the whole project
is
all of the rules
are fake
all of the ideas
that we have
are made up
and
we only keep ourselves
within these arbitrary
confines
because it's what
people tell us
that we need to do
and so Duck meets
the care hound
who is
a nightmarish puppet
that then
devours him
yeah
I suppose
yeah
and he is
birthed out anew
as a good worker
and when he exits
the elevator
it has been
40 years
yeah
they're throwing
a retirement party
for yellow
red is also there
and he has greatly aged
both their aging makeup
looks vaguely similar
to the one
where time
aged them
or at least
red guys does
he gots a little gray
inside the mops
and things
and
the yellow guy
actually even has
a family
he has a wife
Claire
and a lovely daughter
Janet
and his co-worker
is a ranch
and his daughter
is a yellow ranch
yeah
I thought that was fun
it seems like
he really thrived here
and had like a very
fulfilling and happy life
but Duck is just like
screams
this isn't what
we're supposed to be doing
right
grabs the card
and throws it
onto the conveyor belt
his goodbye card
yeah
yellow guy goes
after the card
and loses a hand
and then we get back
into very familiar
don't hug me
I'm scared territory
lots of visceral door
a lot of people screaming
alarms going off
everyone is so excited
because they get to
have an accident now
it's been 40 years
and there was never
an accident
it reminds them
of what it's like
to not have an accident
yeah
yeah
and just when all hope
seems lost
one of them runs
and grabs the med kit
opens it up
and lo and behold
it's the briefcase
from before
who just starts
singing the song again
yeah it turns out
it was him the whole time
it's a great payoff
to just a stupid
stupid joke
it's a very
elaborate lesson
yeah
and then they're just
back at different jobs
they can do
but they remember
everything
yes
they were inside
the song
the whole time
this is inner light
from Star Trek
The Next Generation
uh huh
yeah
which one day
AJ will see
I want to come back
to a refrain
that the briefcase
sings right before
he exits
and leaves our heroes
which is the main
like theme
of the song
that he sings
which is
you can be
anything you want
to do
it's not
you can be
anything you want
to be
it's you can be
anything you want
to do
and so the satire
here is of course
it is so dangerous
to fully align
with yourself
with your work
with your labor
you must have
something outside
of it
or
you will spend
your entire life
in a factory
for 40 years
and have
missed most of it
so for all their labor
for 40 years of labor
they get a single coin
which is modeled
after the respect coin
that Duck
was going to make
they finally
they finally mint
the respect coin
mint the coin
and the Duck
gets the coin
in the eye
that was great
that was such a
like again
timing
same thing
with the popping
of the head
at the end
of that episode
the fact that
the coin
flies out
because
this is the thing
that's been set up
at the very beginning
is the respect coin
and the fact that
he gets paid
in respect
and then it fucking
gouges his eye out
and it's an immediate
bump to credits
great fucking time
cut out on his scream
and that is the first episode
of Don't Hug Me I'm Scared
so my question for you all
is like
what are the immediate changes
from the web series
to this one
that jumped out at you
well I mentioned pacing
but I think the vibes
are actually pretty similar
yeah
it's just that
they are being
they are expanding on it
format wise
which requires
more machinery
yeah
right
I think that sometimes
this is actually
to the detriment
of the overall thing
compared to the web series
right
but with that said
I found that initially
I was actually
a little put off by it
for the first episode
or two
right
but once I re-acclimated
to the pace
they were taking things at
I was able to enjoy it more
it kind of loses
the horror element
because part of the horror
of Don't Hug Me I'm Scared
is just being able to
shock you with something
which just
and then get out
immediately
yeah
necessarily
needs to be
short
when you make it a TV show
you
they know that
they can't do that
and so they're making
essentially a sitcom
they're making something
it's not like
okay yeah
we're just gonna throw
something at you
and then make it weird
you know
it's all in the confines
or around the confines
of a single song
we're going to make
a sitcom
it's gonna have
quiet moments
it's gonna have dialogue
it's gonna have
character based interactions
and
right
no I felt pretty good about it
I liked it
one of the benefits
of the shift
is that by giving you
more space
in these horrible worlds
I think you feel it
more acutely
yeah
yeah
and that's something
that is
not so much
a strength of the original
like
yeah
the big feeling you have
is whatever the big
horror reveal is
it is that
yeah
whereas here
there's something
about
living in this world
where you get your
one square meal a day
of lasagna cigarettes
and black water
and you hear the banalities
of the conversation
and all of that
where it's like
and 40 years passes
before you even realize it
I was like
this is too fucking real
you know
it also just
it maintains the claustrophobia
right
like that
and that's the thing
they thought they lost
in the original pilot
was just this sense
of like being trapped
in a place
and so I think
that they replaced
the shock of the horror
with a more lingering dread
of we cannot escape
this cycle
so we're skipping
the next three episodes
death
family
and friendship
but I do want to say
a couple things
about them
as we go
Brian you were particularly
struck by some things
in these episodes
yeah I thought
death really
felt even more like
a Tom goes to the mayor
episode for me
oh sure
there
and it also felt like
a way that like
my actual dreams work
which is like
oh yeah
Bird wakes up
and reads the newspaper
and it says that he's dead
and so then a coffin
comes by and is like
yeah you're dead now
you have to sit in this box
for forever
and he's like okay
still perfectly conscious
still walking around
but like
he has just been assigned
the status of dead
and there are rules
that go along with that
yeah
the same that there are rules
for creativity
and everything
I think that one really
puts a nice button on it
yeah I like that the coffin
is in a way
just sort of gaslighting him
all the way down
including even giving him
the wrong name
on his tombstone
right
also a fun little
visual callback
with death
is that the coffin
is styled very similarly
to the tree
from the episode
of the marriage cult episode
oh I love that
yeah yeah yeah
the uh
the family episode
is very unnerving
like that
that's like probably
the most unnerving
of the episodes
it definitely
for me was the one
that worked best
as a work of horror
yeah
um and
and it really got
under my skin
pulls a lot of cues
from like the first
couple Texas Chainsaw Massacre
movies
um the way that
the two little kids
stand
horrible
they have a weird way
that they like
hold their weight
in their torsos
that is so effective
and it's not something
any of the other puppets do
it feels great
yeah and when one of them
gets too mad
he leaps into the air
because they're marionette puppets
and he just like
flails around
flails into the air
and then immediately
wets himself
and that's the thing
about that joke
is that it's like
it's so silly
when he jumps up
and then he wets himself
and you're like
oh god
oh no
and it puts you
in this very dreadful
mind state
uh and also
that that one
just has a very
visceral ending
and then there's
friendship
an episode
I don't like
actually
I love it
you really like
friendship
I love it
friendship is kind of
a Rick and Morty episode
it is
like war in the eagle
feels like a Rick and Morty
like he feels like
he could have been
voiced by
Justin Roiland
yeah
although it actually
he kind of sounds like
Steven Merchant
a little bit
oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah
but like
Merchant putting on
like a more annoying
nerd voice
yeah
yeah
and we spend a lot
of time inside
Yellow Guy's brain
which is animated
sort of like
later seasons of
Gumball
yeah
yeah
it's a more
claymation-y type look
yeah
yeah
and we get to go
inside the brain
inside the brain
to where he's an amoeba
I just think there's
something about the
dynamic of having
a teacher
who is
not necessarily
very powerful
to me
it doesn't
it doesn't have the
same drive as the
other episodes
I don't know
it doesn't
it doesn't quite
hit for me
in the way
yeah he knows
less than they do
and he's
he's really
bullshitting
he's a guy
who's not good
at his job
and he lost
his license
but he's still
gonna practice
anyway
and like
yeah
I think the reason
that I liked it
so much
and that I actually
think it's my favorite
of the whole set
oh wow
is that for me
the jokes
just hit the hardest
basically the gist
of friendship
is that
they are trying
to do another
lesson about the
computer
but they are
constantly being
foiled by this
unbelievably annoying
guy
yeah
and there is a line
when they are
trying to solve
a captcha
on the computer
that involves
passing an apple
to a certain
merchant
oh yeah
they fail the
captcha check
and the merchant
says
thanks to you
I am a figure
of ridicule
within the market
community
what
I will burn
down my orchard
tonight
oh I demand
a rematch
the opening
bits with the
web browser
and trying to
figure out
their passwords
it all feels
like it's like
1993
right
it's computer day
it's the one day
you're teaching
kids about computers
and computers
as being like
a thing you
interact with
on a very
limited basis
yes
it also feels
very Tim and Eric
to me
the captcha
feels like a
Cinco product
yeah
and then I just
also
personally
just really
loved
that the guy
was so annoying
about his podcast
that it eventually
led to somebody
killing himself
because he hated
having to listen
to him talk
about his podcast
I was going to
bring that up
yeah
that hit like
a fucking hammer
yeah
and it's just like
what kind of
song is this
it's like
it's not a song
I'm explaining
things to you
yeah all the
argument about like
aux cables
and generations
of devices
no it doesn't
use wifi
it uses bluetooth
and he's still
trying to get
the wifi
he's like
it uses bluetooth
so we're gonna
go really in depth
on these last
two episodes here
because I think
it really encapsulates
what they're going
for for the
entirety of
this adaptation
of don't hug
me I'm scared
and we start
with transport
which is
I think my
favorite episode
of any
don't hug
me I'm scared
material
in existence
it opens
with the theme
song again
but at the
point where
they rewrite it
for the episode
yellow guy
sings this
and every day
we all hang out
to find out
what we talk
about
I'm the one
who had a dream
where there was
stuff like there
was another me
and everything
was lots of fun
and I went and
saw the other ones
and there was a
little lumpy one
and another
windy middle one
and there were
things that
they had around
that I knew
what they were
but I don't
know now
and then it
went away
that's three of us
that's the final
episode of
the TV show
that he just
summarized for you
oh it's a
it's a preview
of coming attractions
yeah
there's a lot of
stuff that if
when you rewatch
the series
you see how
they've planted
pretty much
everything from
the word go
and I love it
because the
lighting gets
very dim here
and that feels
to me like the
the most perfect
example of
don't hug me
I'm scared
aesthetic
which is
it's bright
and cheery
and then it's
just one character
slowly going
into themselves
and then it
comes back up
with bright
and cheery
and that
that's like a
perfect
don't hug me
I'm scared
sequence
so Duck
is taking
inventory of
everything that
he can see
in the house
a visual inventory
a visual inventory
on a clipboard
and Red Guy
just like in the
original
hates this
like he really
wants to get
out of here
escape the
doldrums of the
routine
and wants to
see the world
where do you
want to go
no I want to
go somewhere
different
I want to
get out of
this place
that's not
allowed
I mean all
we do is
sit around
and then some
guy comes
and tells us
about banks
or vegetables
or something
what on earth
are you talking
about
I mean don't
you want to
see something
else
something
different
at that
exact moment
something different
comes barreling
through
yes their
fireplace
teeny tiny
little train
rolls in
and then all
of a sudden
it becomes
like a guy
like a human
person who's
wearing a big
train costume
on top of
their torso
like a Thomas
the Tank Engine
character
but much worse
yeah much much
worse
this guy's name
is Choo Choo
but is mostly
referred to as
the transport
man
all aboard
you can take
a few steps
with your legs
but you won't
get very far
and now we're
in a 2D
animated sequence
yeah
he's very old
and tired
wow
how did we
get here
hey
good question
so once upon
a time
they found
a wheel
and they put
it all together
as a vehicle
and there was
a horse
with a man
on the top
and then there
was a wagon
with a wicker
wheel
look
wicker
wow
wicker
where does this go
we're all having
such fun
with a transport
his arm falls off
and
yeah
I love
I love this teacher
this is
this is probably
my favorite teacher
in the whole thing
it's because
it is
like all
like the show itself
running out of
like steam
right
the thing that these creators
keep coming back to
time and time again
is when
is it best
to leave well enough
alone
sure
and this teacher
is the perfect
personification of that
he is still being
pushed to teach
even though
he drinks
poison
and takes
pills
in order to
maintain
some semblance
of equilibrium
but like
he's on his way out
yeah no
it does not take him
very long to die
no no
and even in his animation
in the sesame street
style animation
it's done
with like
a vhs filter
over it
so it looks like
it's like
from a completely
different era
even though
it's a very recent
past era
right
yeah and as you said
choo choo dies
pretty pretty
fucking quick
also duck gets a rock
which will come back
later
red
red guy wants to go
to a community
called mulhoven
because he's like
we can't
we have a car
we can actually
go places
and this town
of mulhoven
is a reference
to a show
called trumpton
which is a children's
a british children's
show
yeah
about a
stop motion town
oh okay
so
that was like
in the 50s
yeah
the bit where
he's imagining
what the town
would look like
and we're gonna
play the clip
in a second
this is a direct
reference to the
tone of that show
yes
and to the styling
of that show
ah
morning
here in mulhoven
new town
just ask anyone
lucky enough
to live here
and they'll tell you
there's no better
place to wake up
from the bustling
marketplace
to the peaceful
overpass
there is something
here for everyone
look
there's mrs grim
walden footsam
opening shop
what a lot of
hoovers
there's a lot of
things in this episode
that feel like brian
jokes and that feels
like one of them
what a lot of
hoovers
what a lot of
hoovers but
specifically her
name which i could
not write down
is uh is is nigh
incomprehensible uh so
they did a yellow
guy freaks out
because he's like we
can't do anything just
the three of us we
need the transport
man and red's like
no no i got this
and i can drive i can
drive and he does
this guy's fucking
dead yeah his his
headlights his
headlight eyes rolled
backwards and are
x's now right i love
the design of this car
by the way like this
very like toontown
kind of car that
they're in uh but
they are able to
escape the house they
break through the
wall and are on the
road and are driving
away they are they
are manipulating a
dead car they are
yes you know the
colors on this are
not just like bright
colors they're very
unreal colors so it
really does not look
like especially when
they're driving around
the the area in the
real world that we'll
see later it doesn't
it looks like it's
cgi or something like
that yeah it's been
composited in but it's
not it's real yeah
there's also a gps
which is desperately
trying to get them to
drive to some location
and or back home but
red is like no i'm
gonna plot my own
journey here and he
chucks the gps out the
window so the other
two bemoan the fact
that they are in the
car but red guy tells
them that at least it's
better than what would
have been happening
were they still at home
and then this happens
yeah we get a family
guy cutaway gag basically
back to the house
well it's better than
whatever we'd be doing
at home isn't it
yeah i suppose
time child
hey guys drink this
space alcohol and come
with me to the six
dimensions
they're not here
oh what
this was like the most
aj joke
oh hell yeah
time child
like yeah
the reason why i love
this joke is that it
establishes a very broad
character
character who is has
some sort of like
ragadochi about them
and then when he's told
that no one is there
immediately deflates into
just a normal guy just
like oh what like he
was really looking
forward to it ah chef's
and then we never see
the time child again
that's it
nope that was the
teacher he was going to
teach them about the
sixth dimension
goodbye time child
goodbye time child
uh and i do like the
idea that tony the
clock is his dad because
that's the time child
oh okay
and the way he sternly
lectures him and appears
is very very funny to me
but that's that leads us
up to the commercial
break and when we come
back we get a musical
number we get a song
called we're going fast
yeah they try to make up
their own song
we're going fast
we're going forward in a
car that's moving along
we're on our way to a
brand new place and we
like having fun we can
play with the circle
play with the stick
play with the shapes in
the cupboard that burnt
me and i put up some
posters to customize my
area it looks pretty good
to me yeah it's a long
drive but we don't mind
because we can get to
know each other such
comfortable seats i might
have a sleep and i found
this guy in the road
what no get him out get
him out
see that's the thing is
that a normal don't hug
me i'm scared episode that
would be the turning point
right there's a weird guy
in the car and then
something really violent is
gonna happen yeah and red
guy is like no we are not
doing our normal thing get
that guy out of here and
just sort of unceremoniously
chucks him out the window
and yeah i love the
propulsion of this song
because it is the
characters taking agency
over their own thing and
it's like yeah they're
actually doing something
they're trying to escape
the cycle of their own
sitcom but they can't they
don't know how like that's
the thing there's there's
no there's no way for them
to do that because the
entire context of the
world that they're in
requires that they be
taught lessons anytime where
they try to take control of
their own narrative is
inevitably doomed to fail
and right that's exactly
what happens uh we get
that wonderful stop motion
mulhoven sequence uh where
red guy is trying to
explain to yellow guy what
a community will be like
right but even within the
community the horror
creeps in and all of a
sudden the car wakes up
one more time uh the car
starts freaking out we
should not be out this
far the music gets very
dark and red guy's like
no i can't go back i can't
go back right world
glitches out around them
and all of a sudden they
find themselves in the
real world our world in a
dump before this they've
been sort of like driving
past a sort of cycle you
know one of those uh rear
projection type deals right
or side projection type
deals now they've just
driven out into a very real
dump somewhere garbage dump
yeah and when they get
there red guy gets out of
the car and they just kind
of have a walk around to
look around and it's
miserable right but they're
stuck here now so in order
to stay warm they burn
the car yeah the steering
wheel the steering wheel
specifically and duck
starts to take another
visual inventory and right
when you think they're
about to be stuck out here
forever yellow guy hears
the narration of a very
soothing female voice
yep come over and say no
matter how far you go out
you will always find
yourself back home again
and we see a model of the
house and a gloved white
hand leading a car up to
the door right and then
that's the end of the
episode and the model is
the thing that we see at
the beginning exactly every
episode yeah so now we
sort of have our final
teaser of where this is all
going to go that we have
this god of this universe
and presumably there's
going to be a payoff for
that and so indeed there is
in the final episode
electricity yep we're at
the end of the series uh
we open on a normal title
sequence except the same
gloved hand appears and
makes the house spin really
fast and there is no theme
song and behind the house
we have a different
backdrop because it's like
it's inside of an attic
with a stained glass window
yeah and if you look at the
stained glass window you can
see something that vaguely
looks like a duck right
which is fun and uh we
open the episode with duck
doing a crossword and the
other two decide to help
yeah we're back in the
kitchen where we've always
been at the beginning
okay one across the clue is
opposite of down two
two letters hmm that's a
tricky one opposite of down
hmm try above above above a
B of no hey I know it's when
you can't remember that over
the top of you there's bigger
ones that are bigger and bigger
and then over the top of it
there's a smaller one of all of
it at the top of that what huh
that's not going to fit what's
wrong with you huh I'm gonna
have to shred the whole thing
now in my personal home
shredder check off shredder
has been introduced yeah it's
also the entire episode was
this clip yeah that is the whole
thing that is talking about
above you there's bigger and
bigger ones and then over top
of that is the smallest ones
right yes and then it goes in
the shredder it's all done yeah
fuck it we get one brief
diversion here where we meet our
teacher this is elect Tracy the
meter she sings a song about
electricity stuck in the box and
can't get out because they
haven't been paying their
electrical bill and so she
shows up to teach them about
the importance of electricity
look at all the stuff that you've
got that you don't even know
what keeps the tv on well I'll
give you a clue it's electric and
blue and it makes all the stuff
in the house work for you I
always assumed it was some kind
of natural phenomenon some sort of
weather or something duck gets a
queen moment in this song where
he sings about his shredder and
gets the the bohemian rhapsody like
layering over himself in the dark
and gets this very diva moment
that's immediately cut off because
it's revealed that he's having like
a panic attack about his shredder
and it turns out that yellow guy
runs on electricity to on batteries
but no one's ever replaced them so
they've corroded over with time and
duck has the idea of hey let's
replace them with elect tracy's
batteries because she's annoying
right and we'll put them inside of
you and all of a sudden this cures
whatever mental impairment yellow guy
has had so far and he becomes the
smarter version of himself yep and it
changes his look like we saw a teaser
of this in his reflection in the
previous episode and now he's he's he
doesn't really have the like mullet
anymore right it's a nice like side
part yeah honestly looks a lot like
my hair right now it's just like yeah
oh it kind of does and this is what he
sounds like now that he has achieved
his intelligence yes oh it was up what
what are you talking about one across it
was up see
he finished it
what he did this finished finished the
whole thing
but i thought he couldn't read it was
pretty simple really oh and i actually
made up a little spatial distribution
based puzzle of my own see
what are these letters or numbers good
question i've actually been experimenting
with a third symbolic subset i don't
like this yeah you shouldn't do this
kind of thing and he draws these
ornate symbols uh on a piece of paper
that have been appearing in the
background of pretty much every single
episode up until this point do this
is a fun little thing but like the
answers to all the crossword puzzles
are things from the web series oh so
like there's one for aspic for
example
and uh and one of them is the name of a
russian town soyaia or something like
that that is soyaia yeah it that is
that no one has been able to parse
that out and you know sure whatever
i think it might also just be a
nonsense word to throw it might just
be what fit
that town founded by surf oh there it
is
um it's the thing that ties it all
together baby so now that yellow guy
has sort of had his flowers for
algernon moment yep he decides that he
wants to discover this core of what is
actually going on here he has a sort of
heart-to-heart with himself in the
mirror and he decides to go upstairs
yeah and see that the fourth wall were
stairs this whole time leading up
because he's no longer under the
control of the other two he doesn't
have to exist in their world anymore
and so he goes up to the big boy room
which contains big boy versions of duck
and red and by big i mean they're
fucking huge
yeah and not what i was expecting was
the costume versions of the puppets but
again they're really not going back to
what was going on in the web series no
these are large puppets right they're
not people in costumes yeah and they
have long long arms and they learn two
lessons at once that's right here they
simultaneously learn about sediment and
the importance of physical consent so
that's what duck was doing with the rock
and the transport episode was he was
making a new teacher which is okay
meanwhile while that's happening red guy
and duck are like having a whole
electrical party downstairs they blow out
the lights and they end up in hell they've
upgraded everything you know rather than
having normal grapes they have cyber
grapes
oh yeah and and all the lights go out
and they find themselves back in the
same space that red was in at the end
of the web series just right endless
void with the checkerboard floor except
here also contains all of the dead
teachers from all the previous
iterations including from the web series
right and it's spoopy it's pretty
spoopy uh and they find a toilet that's
sort of the cutaway is they find a
toilet teacher who's just like look
which one is ready because i got a lot
to teach y'all uh he does not in fact
sing a song about shitting but it would
have been funny if it would have been
funny if he did but we instead we cut
away the opposite of standing nice i i
think the thing though is like the
pacing right now is just a bullet right
we're gonna let this going up up up up
up we go up to a level above the big
boy room yeah which is the bigger boys
room yes they're conducting some sort of
horrifying experiment on a blobby little
pink guy yeah and this is a room that
looks like it came out of meow wolf yeah
yeah it is the future it's like living
in an ipod the uh red guy is a dodecahedron
floating above his body and duck is a
giant floating dalek duck basically and
the thing that they're torturing yellow
guy realizes is very much just him and
that this has been how his friends have
been treating him the whole time i guess
it's him but i was also seeing it as
just the the friend blob that's right
the friendship episode because in the
friendship episode there's that pink
guy yeah uh who they're sort of who they
end up turning into another duck yeah
and then he just kills the previous
duck who was supposed to be dead
anyway this is just a more grotesque and
realistic version of that blob but the
way that they are torturing this thing is
awful yeah it's electricity they're
they're they're like they're like
they're shocking it over and over
again and yellow guys like stop it he
hates it and they're like well maybe
he just experiences joy in a different
way and yellow guys like no no this is
terrible stop it there has to be
something better than this right and we
don't explicitly see yellow guy in
either the big boy room or the bigger
boy room no there's like a question of
what is that you know yellow guy is also
the only person we know who has like
parents you know he has a dad who in
the TV series showed up in the family
episode to go kill the Texas Chainsaw
Massacre family by eating them yeah so
red guy and duck continue to
contemplate the void as yellow goes up
to the very top story of the house and
here we meet Leslie batteries can be
replaced but some things stay the same
no matter how we twist and turn we're
still dancing in chains are you just
going to stand there who are you my
name's Leslie it's nice to meet you
you're one of my favorites and Leslie is
just a live person with prosthetic like
patches on her face like Raggedy Ann or
something yeah she wears a very
fantastical coat that has each one of
the teachers on it so there's a big
clock there's a giant meat in one
corner of it so you see where all the
all these things sort of it's implied
have stemmed from her in some way and
she is the patchwork of all children's
entertainment yeah since time immemorial and
I just really wanted to shout out the
costume designers on this because I
think that what they put together here
is incredible yes between the like the
the coat has these tails on it that
she's able to like swoosh out because
she's playing piano right looks like
something you should see on the runway
oh my god it's really really out there
and when she sits down to play the
piano again she's able to sort of flare
those tails out and the makeup that she
has on her face as we were saying with
the stitches it's grotesque but it's
also oddly comforting yeah still creepy
like it's right on the line yeah she is
she is the embodiment of the system
right she is the head of channel 4 she
is the things you have to the rules you
have to play by in order to get anything
made yeah no she'll fix it she's much
like Jim in that regard yeah and we we
learned from her oh boy
and we learned from her that everything
can just be reset if the characters
leave she has spares right in a drawer
yeah we haven't necessarily been
watching the exact same people every
single week because right what she has
in front of her is the very same doll
house that we've been seeing at the
beginning of every single episode and
the people that the characters in the
space are represented by little dolls
that she can place wherever she wants we
said there's a bigger one over top of
you bigger than that and then even
smaller ones because her little dolls
are tiny right they're smaller than our
puppets and she says if you help me
fix all this if you help me reset
everything in the mess downstairs then I
will give you the answers you want and
she does she's good true to her word she
hands him a book of symbols yeah we
recognize home yeah as we recognize it's
the third like form of expression that
yellow guy was working on downstairs for
his puzzle here are all the answers yeah
all of them are in this book go read
this to your friends and he's like okay
thank you bye and as he walks out you
realize the whole thing was a ruse because
there is another staircase behind her
leading to some other level above the
house and of course she Leslie has
placed the old version of yellow guy
with the silly hair right back in the
space so when he gets back there he's
not gonna be the smart version of
himself anymore and that's exactly what
fucking happens yeah but the red guy
and the duck maybe fall in love yeah
maybe yeah there's maybe a moment where
they just certainly like looking at each
other they admit that a couple ways yeah
they admit they like looking at each
other that's nice but when yellow guy
comes back duck is like well we're in
the dark and you have batteries I'm
gonna take your batteries out of you
again put them back into the electricity
box yep and she dances away and he
doesn't and yellow guy does not
remember where he was or anything that
happened he just knows that he's
holding a book and books need to be
shredded so he shreds the book of all
the answers and as they all cheer the
shredder shredding this book the camera
zooms fully out and instead of in the
web series where there is a film camera
a film crew filming them right there's
no dead there's nothing right it's just
an endless hallway until we cut to black
and that is the end of don't hug me
I'm scared the TV show now before we get
to talking about like the greater
overall impact of it or whatever don't
hug me I'm scared has teased that
there's more stuff coming but like
recently yeah they said watch this space
as of a couple months ago but like you
know who can say at this point we are
sort of in a limbo and I think we're
going to treat this as if this is all
the don't hug me I'm scared that we're
ever going to get yeah is the web series
and in this TV show and frankly I feel
like it justifies itself being all there
needs to be of don't hug me yeah I think
there's so much they can do with their
talents with physical production in in
the form of the video they did before
don't hug me I'm scared which has its
own visual style but it also digital
style yes digital dancing hey this is
fun this is fun they can use all of
these same tools to make a new thing
because I feel like especially at this
point they have exhausted what they
want to do and what they can do with
this format which is a format all about
repeating itself yeah and it's in the
text right it's like we've tortured this
blob just like we tortured you in the
web series there's gotta be more than
this and I think these characters are
done even at the end where it's just
like hey you've all had your theories
about what's going on we're shredding
them because they don't matter that's
not the point of this and that's the
thing is I think if you were to come
back at it again for let's say another
you know full series what more could you
even do you could add more lore you
could have more songs but like I'm not
really interested in the world beyond
what it is that they've created it's
right it's really a little clockwork
machine that I guess you could you
know take another poke at to explore
more and different themes but it's
always going to come back to the same
point anyway so what about this whole
show do you think struck people so
intensely like why why did why did
don't hug my I'm scared take off and
how was it able to maintain its level of
quality or influence all these years
later the creators clearly had a very
specific idea for what they wanted to do
from the very beginning right admittedly
there are ways in which the thing
shifts and changes but it's not like
some stuff where the first few episodes
sort of feel like a rough draft for
what's coming later on instead it's so
clear that when they had the
opportunity to you know make the better
funded webisodes they were like okay if
we have this much money we can do this
that and the other thing if we're going
to be given a full series run by channel
for we'll have the opportunity to do
these other things and they smartly
were able to get a TV writer on to help
them with constructing that I think it's
just it's a vision that is so coherent
that from from the word go whether or not
you are fully on board with it you can as
as a viewer right if it aligns with your
own personal preferences you can see what
it's trying to do immediately yeah and I
think the other thing is that putting
something online doesn't age restricted
in the same way that linear television
does right right not putting it on after
their bedtimes or anything like that so
it just in the same way that five nights
at Freddy's kind of inadvertently became
like the children's horror series right of
games this also became its own children's
not not young young children like it's
like like what it's imitating but like 10
year olds and 12 year olds all saw this
thing a decade ago and that's a pretty
good way to get people on board for
whatever you're going to do later when
they reach adulthood and I think to that
point Brian it is it's clever in that it
is accessible to kids without being an
actual piece of children's media kind of
like who framed Roger Rabbit yeah it was
made for adults but it yeah I think for
some kids it's probably a little bit too
intense but it's going to work on
different levels depending on your age but
I think that for what it is mechanically
there's a lot of accessibility there
there's something to me just about having
these very cutesy characters deal with
very deep existential dread and like
actual visceral gore that has always
appealed to me that like what if what is
what does it mean to take high
fantastical characters and make them deal
with real world shit is something that
will always always appeal to me and I
think that's the magic of the TV show of
don't hug me I'm scared is that is able to
maintain that vibe and feeling from the
web series and just expand it without
ruining the thing that made it special in
the first place I I don't really even
particularly care about the shock of the
horror being gone because it maintains the
dread and it maintains the fear of
creation and what it means to like have to
put your characters through hell over and
over and over again and ultimately to what
end you know what are the bounds of
creativity and what what does it mean to
like fully recognize that maybe it's just
time to stop but what we're not gonna stop
doing is thanking you for being a patron of
our podcast we really appreciate it it's
your also if you signed up for this one
like off of this one for the first time
welcome we've got so many more episodes in
the back catalog and we've talked about a
lot of other fun stuff that you may very
well like so don't let those five bucks
just stay on this episode definitely go
out and check the other stuff as well I
think you're gonna find a lot to like back
there and thank you again for supporting
our show so we find out in the final
episode of don't hug me I'm scared that
there is a room above their room for the
big boys and there's a room above that for
the bigger boys and then there is Leslie on
the top floor and tiny boys and that all
this entire show has taken place within
the confines of this house even when they
weren't in the house they were in a very
similar situation they're in a pocket
dimension they were in a pocket dimension
of the house so they really have never
left the house itself right and in terms
of making a piece of art like this you will
always have to operate inside that house
inside of some sort of constriction right
you are always your creativity will always
be bound by something but that doesn't
necessarily mean that you can't find an
extra stairwell up to like further
creative heights or to create something
maddening and gooey and hilarious and
terrifying within the confines of that
fucking house I'm the worst of all
possible AJ's I'm the worst of all
possible Brian's I'm the worst of all
possible Josh's and I'm going to find
the stairway down to seeing you next
week
you
you
