 We've been over this literally dozens of times. Hello and welcome to Punta Vista. This is a bonus episode. I am Ben and I am here in the pleasant country village of Gashthorpe. Oh, I guess some would see life here as rather uneventful, perhaps even dull, but for us it's idyllic. Life here moves at its own pace. The gentle ebb and flow of the village's rhythms playing out like a cherished favourite song. This Tuesday afternoon comes as familiar and welcome as an old friend. Here, down the high street, comes the vicar, yanking on the chain of his human pet, with barks and yelps muffled by the leather mask. With a warm cheerio, the vicar greets the village slut, who's idly fellating a well-worn dildo as he wiles away the time between callers. Harking. From the catacombs deep beneath the library come the screams of dying horses, and from the catacombs deep beneath the post office, the screams of dying dogs. From the catacombs beneath the Tesco's comes a naked man who will surely be, ah, yes, there it is, kneecapped by the mayor and his trusty elephant gun. Yes, it's a simple life, but it's ours. Who's that now, hanging above the spring flower display in our little roundabout? Why, if they're being crucified, they must be an out-of-towder. It's Lucy. Lucy, how are you enjoying our little village? Look, it's not quite what I was expecting, but I am appreciating, like, feeling like a part of just the day-to-day culture. Yeah, I mean, like, you probably, you've been up on the crucifix now for several days, so you've probably met nearly the entire town at this point. I have, you know, it's not really your average tourist experience. I like to kind of, I like to kind of Anthony Bourdain it, you know, like to get somewhere local. No reservations. No reservations. No rules. You wear a leather jacket. Yes, I smoke cigarettes. Yeah, you like cheap beer, so what? So what? Sue me. Yeah, I'm part of the fine dining world, but I won't pay more than $3 for a beer. Absolutely. For some reason, my Facebook algorithm has decided that the only thing I want to see now is Anthony Bourdain quotes. I mean, it could be worse. 90% of the quotes are him just saying, I'm not really that interested in beer. Okay, well, sure. Hey, who's this? Hanging next to Lucy, but upside down. Well, that must mean that they're an out-of-towner who left us a bad trip advisor review for our local village pub, the D-gloved cock. It's Theo. Hi, Theo. So you didn't like it? Like, you didn't find it welcoming? You didn't like the real ales that we have? Authentic real ales? I think I pressed the wrong star rating on there. Yeah, because, well, yeah, you left a two-star review and you said, cute enough, but I don't really see the appeal. Did you type that out by mistake? I did, and I would be happy to fix it if you gave me my thumbs back. Ah, well, we'd all like to do something, wouldn't we? You're getting a little red in the face there, buddy. Yeah. A little short of breath. Kind of upside down, which any of the blood that's not coming out of my thumbs is going straight to my head. Yeah, that's how they get you. Lowering our gaze, we find yet another visitor to our homely village. Buried up to his neck in the flower bed and trying to bite the rats that are trying to eat his eyes. Why? He must have used a swear word in front of one of the town's many lovely old ladies. It's Andrew. Hi, Andrew. Gonna get these rats. Yeah. Get them. They say there's no such thing as a free lunch. Tell that to the man whose tummy is full of rat heads. Yeah. There's still a lot of them left, though, and they're getting... I mean, that's kind of the cruel nature of defending your head with rat bites, is they've got to be quite close to your face for it to work. And that's where they want to be. Yeah. But if you bite the heads off enough rats, there's bodies there for the other rats to eat. That's very true. I'm so trying to really thought of it that way. That's a lovely bit of conventional wisdom. Just to keep them at bay, you know? And then, tummy full of rat body, they come over to have a nibble on you. Suddenly, they're a little slow. It's suddenly like afternoon siesta time, you know? You start off a little... I do a fake yawn. They can't help it. They yawn, too. And while they're yawning, argh! Yeah. One more rat. Now, Ben, I don't mean to diminish your craft here at all. But you do this to me every single time, you piece of shit. So, have you seen League of Gentlemen? I was thinking a lot about League of Gentlemen while this was happening. I thought you were just talking about England. I thought that was the joke. We're in England. Yeah. I think this is meant to be normal England. But it definitely does have some parallels to the sort of the seedy underbelly of the village presented in League of Gentlemen. It's really annoying that the last and the first and last thing of every single League of Gentlemen episode is just some really, really gross transphobia. Transphobia, yeah. Yeah. And the kind of inter... bits in the middle. What do you call them? The intermesos. Yeah, the intermesos of the sketches. But have you seen the orange juice sketch? The orange juice sketch. Oh. I actually know the show you're referring to and here I am sounding a fool. I don't know that one. It's really funny. You should watch it later. Okay. I might. I will. Maddie tried to get me into it recently and we watched, I think, maybe like the first season. But after every episode, she was like, if you want to stop watching it, we can. That's exactly what happened to me. Pat showed it to me, like a few sketches. He's like, it might not be your thing. Like, it's all right if it's not your thing. If you've only seen season one, then you've missed out on the supercharged blackface in seasons two and three. Yeah. Pat showed me that one too. Yeah. You did say it's a British show though, right? It is a British show. It's so blackface. I'm stressing in blackface. I'm just assuming that it's blackface. It's your bread and butter. It's your baguettes and mash. It's your baseline comedy. They can't do it without it. It kind of holds up all the rest of the comedy. Yeah. Man in a dress. Oh, I'm pretty certain it starts with a man in a dress. Yeah. I think that is the first thing. The first thing is, what's his name? The guy that went on to write the dog shit Sherlock show. Steven Pemberton? No. It's the only name I know. Steven Pemberton is in the dress. Okay. With Reece Shearsmith. Pemberton. Pemberton. Yes. Come on. You got to make names up now. Anyway. Did you say Pemberton Steven? Yeah. Hey, this has been a little check-in on something from the past. Sometimes we do check-ins on stuff from the past of this show in a new segment with a theme from cherished listener Vino, which I specifically I requested for someone to make this theme. And this is exactly what I had in my mind's eye. So thank you very much, Vino. It's time for Oh Shit, It's an Update on an Old News Story. Oh shit, it's an update to an old news story. Thanks, Vino. Wonderful. I feel like we should point out it's very similar to Oh Shit, It's an Update to an Old Kickstarter. I'm going to say beyond very similar. I love so much. Yeah. And by similarity, we mean loving tribute to a show that we all like very much and have listened to for many, many years. But also transformative enough to avoid any legal issues. That's right. I've given you guys so much money. Don't get mad. Don't get mad. Yeah. We basically own that for the combined subscriptions. Like paying the copyright on Layaway, you know? So this is a follow-up on something that we first discussed in the bonus episode, the Texas lineman suck-off epidemic. Yeah. This is about the plight of the lineman, the plight of the lineman's wife, and the plight of the bucket bunny. Now, I don't know if you guys have been seeing any news about this, but in very recent history and in the very near future, if not the present, Florida and the American South in general, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Florida's going away. Yep. They got hit by Hurricane Helene, and then they are now about to be hit by Hurricane Milton, I believe. Stupid name for a hurricane, first of all. Great name for a suburb, though. But on the upside, people are starting to believe that there is something going on, but unfortunately, it's with the triple brackets globalists that cause hurricanes. Yeah. It's not climate change. It's not just climate change. The climate is being changed. It's being changed. It is being changed. By the government. By democratic elites pointing their weather rays at the sky. Yeah. Okay. That's right. Marjorie Taylor Greene blowing the lid wide off this one. I kind of feel like we've sort of just, maybe things might be slipping from our grasp. Perhaps vis-a-vis being alive on this earth. That's right. So because of those storms, a shitload of linemen have been going interstate because the power grid getting knocked out, which means that we're getting sent a lot of linemen content at the moment. Just lots of very like, there was one post in particular that was like a photo of an enormous tent city of linemen and their vessels. The trusty bucket truck. Just like thousands of linemen. Very, brings a tear to the eye. It's beautiful. Here's a post from r slash linemen. Funny or weird? Want to make an appreciation sign for the linemen giving power back after Helene. Okay. Sounds nice. The sign says, I will suck you off. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Basically. Ball's drained here. Yep. Yeah. That's it. 220 KV and above. So I'm often passing multiple trucks of linemen and I just wanted to make a little sign to hold up and show my appreciation as I drive by. The first plan was just a simple I love linemen. Then I had an idea that I thought was hilarious. But I also don't want to make anyone uncomfortable. Quotes, we'll suck dick for power. Yeah. Can I offer one gentle criticism to this person, which is I kind of feel like they've got this backwards. Generally speaking, people drive past, you hold up the sign. Is she saying, she's saying, I want to hold up a sign while I drive by or while they drive by? Yeah. Well, have we established a gender? Doesn't say actually. It could be him. It could be his sign. Apologies to the enthusiastic dick suckers among us. They really want to suck these guys dicks, huh? Oh, like couching this as if it's a joke. Like, oh, I mean, I'm just being silly. I'm just being goofy with it. Like, she will suck dick for power. Yeah. Like, legitimately. Are they? Yeah. Maybe the actual question under the surface here is like, so, with this sign, plausible deniability? Yeah. Hey, it's just a joke. Yeah. Or, zip. In case. Yeah. Maybe. What if? Someone says something about it, you're like, oh, no, no, no, no. No, I did a Reddit post two days ago where I said it was meant to be funny. If you don't like it, it's just a joke. But if you do like it. Slurp, slurp. Would you laugh, cringe, or feel seriously uncomfy from this sign? I figured I'd poll my target audience before committing to the idea. I probably don't sexually harass the guys doing the hurricane stuff. I gotta say, very enthusiastic response from the people of R slash linemen. Oh, God. Oh, really? Yeah. A lot of them sharing anecdotes of previous times where people have put out more or less exactly this sign. And they've said that people have laughed. They've appreciated it. But as far as I know, no one has actually taken it seriously and gone and knocked on the door. Which is very nice. No one's got their dissect. Big lie. Huge fucking lie. Absolutely. These guys are like, hey, I saw your sign. How are you? You know what they need? You know what the bloody linemen need? It's about time that we revived, refreshed, maybe even created an entirely new set of like, you know the hobo symbols that they would like put on a fence post or whatever? Hobo sign. Yeah. Yeah. So, Lucy, you look like you're not familiar with hobo signs. No, I have no idea what you're talking about. We're talking about your friendly hobos in days gone by who would pack up the bindle on a stick, hop the rails, travel around. And if they would go to a place that was like receptive and perhaps they would let you stay in the barn, you know, maybe give you some corn muffins or some such, there'd be like a particular symbol that someone would carve into the fence post. Oh, a little hobo sign. Okay. There would also be one for like, this person's an easy mark. You can get something out of them. Then they'd be like, stay away. This guy doesn't want you to touch his sexy daughters. Yeah, this picture has three sexy daughters and then a cross over the hole in the side of the barn wall. So, I think let's come up with a new set of these for linemen to use. You know, they can do one for like. Like a traffic light party. They should have traffic light party clothes on. Oh, my God. Yes. Green hybees. Red hybees, yellow. Yeah. Yes. You need the symbol for the sign was a joke. It's like reciprocal as well because you're wearing the reflective green hybees of the lineman who either has an arrangement with his wife or doesn't care about his wife's feelings. Then your house, you have the green door of someone who's like, hey, you don't even have to knock. Walk on in with your dick out. You get your dick sucked. You get your dick sucked. Like, you are leaving empty two minutes later because you've got power to restore. Ironically. We're not fucking around with this thing. Fucking around. Doing it fast. Adding the universal symbol for I'm just joking, the winky face to this would have the opposite effect. Yeah. It's no good. Don't try it. It's no good. I'll suck you off. Wink. Wink. Why did you think I would suck you off? I was just kidding. I'm just looking at some of the sheets for hobo symbols and it does lead me to wonder if the Zodiac Killer was a hobo. Could have been. Or is there just a lot of overlap with sort of basic symbology? Yeah. I think he was part of America's railroad riding itinerant workforce. That's why they never caught him. If it's horrible, I'll delete this and pretend like it never happened. Yeah. Overwhelmingly positive feedback. Oh. There was like one person who was like, I'll bloody knock on that door and everyone was like, shut the fuck up. You're making us linemen look bad. Yeah. We're not supposed to break kayfabe. Yeah. We hate having our dicks suck. Yeah. We don't talk about the suck offs because our wives are online now. It's not the 50s anymore. Use the symbols. Use the symbols. Use the symbols. I hate about this stuff. I think they're sucking each other off. Oh, for sure though. Like it's only natural, right? It's like. Lonely nights? Yeah. World War II trenches, you know. Tent city? Up there in a bucket together for hours. Lineman tent city? The demonization of male sex toys. It's so hot you can't even sleep. 3 a.m. Surrounded by these shirtless linemen. Yeah. Everyone laughed at me when I brought out my flashlight. Hey, what are you fucking that thing for? Fuck one of us, brother. Hey, put that away. Put that away. Come over here. You don't need that. Oh my God. The apprentice just got out of his fleshlight. Come on. We don't do that here. Come on. Acting kind of insulted. Like someone came around for a dinner party and like pulled out a snack for themselves. You know? Oh, no, no, no, no. Come on. Hey. You go and use that. You go and use that. It's fine. Don't worry about it. Yeah. Oh, no, no. I guess my mouth isn't good enough for you, huh? Buddy, just sit back, relax, and let the crew take care of it. Man, you know, people say a lot of shit about America, but there is something so beautiful about guys coming in from everywhere. Yeah. Indiana, Iowa, Idaho, Illinois. Paris, Texas. Yes. They're coming in to help out, and then they're sucking each other's cocks at night. Yeah. They're coming together. That's the best thing I can imagine. Yes, they are. 10,000 linemen in tent city having a simultaneous orgasm and getting the power back online. And getting the power back on. Oh, it looks like there's a neighboring community of harlots setting up in the tent city across the road. Hmm. Their morals are loose. Something else I want to explore about this, but I didn't realize there's a linemen-groundmen divide. Oh, really? Oh. Yeah. The groundmen, they're also an electrical technician, I guess, but yeah, the groundies, they stay on the earth. The ground lines. The groundmen remain on the earth while the linemen ascend to the heavens. Different kind of man for those two jobs, I feel like. Some don't have to taste the danger, yeah. There's probably some good groundmen out there, but I'm just thinking, after I learn about linemen, I can't get excited about groundmen. I think you're getting a good honest man if you marry a groundman. Yeah. You know? Well, yeah. He's not going to cheat on you, but who would try and cheat with him? Do you ever worry about him going out on his jobs? You know? He's gone away. Maybe temptation is there. Oh, Derek. Oh, no. Not the ground. No. He's a groundie. He's a groundie. He's like getting his dick sucked. He's gone away for two days. Like, I don't think he's... I think he's going to be just fine. Yeah. Me, on the other hand. When are you back, honey? And you're sure it's Monday. You're absolutely certain it's Monday. Early or late? Is Jacob on the crew? He's not going out this time. He's got a sprained ankle. Oh, he's probably going to need some soup. Yeah. He's probably going to need some baked ziti. Derek goes away for work, and then she sees the PlayStation turn on in the other room, because he's just playing it remotely from his hotel. Yeah. Derek's at it again. Yep. That's my Derek. I feel it. I almost feel bad for cheating on him. Just a big queue of linemen at the door. Yeah. It turns out there was just a big ground problem. The lines didn't need to be looked at at all. All the linemen are still in town. Hey, if you're that lady, and your groundman husband has left, but there's a bunch of hot, beautiful linemen around, you are one lucky duck. Let's hear about another lucky duck in Mr. Lucky Duck. He's Mr. Lucky Duck. That's one lucky duck. Fuck it. This comes to us from WNCT in Connecticut. The Wanked. The Wanked? The Wanked. Oh, we're getting wanked. The Wanked. For the Wanked among us. No. Wanker? No. Man wins $150,000 after buying a lottery game with money earned from selling pumpkins. Wonderful. This is a classic pumpkins to riches story. A Hartford man sells pumpkins each year. Whole sentence. That is the entire first sentence. How many each year? How many pumpkins would a pumpkin man sell? This year, the man, Roy Story. This is how Scooby would say toy story. Yep. Roy Story. This year, the man, Roy Story, sold one for $10 and used that money to buy a $5 extreme cashword lottery ticket on Monday. He sold one pumpkin. That came free from the ground. He probably put labor into caring for the pumpkin, I guess. How much is a pumpkinman's time? I guess. How much is it labor worth? Yeah, the fact that he got changed from a pumpkin for his lottery ticket is fucking awesome. Yeah. Oh, thank God. I was, it was either selling pumpkins or going down in the mines every day to extract minerals and trying to make little gift baskets for the town hall. And there were monsters down there for some reason. You've got to have a fucking sword in the mines. What's up with the town in Stardew Valley? What is that? Well, they're being, it's kind of being invaded by capitalism. That's sort of the thing that's going on there. Yeah. The Joji Mart, et cetera. Your uncle left you a house or something? Yeah, your uncle left you a house. And you're all anime. Hmm. Really? All the people in there are anime. Yeah. Yeah. That $10 pumpkin money earned him $150,000 after he finished the crossword game. You got that pumpkin money? Yeah. Well, technically $550,005. Yeah, true. Hmm. Yeah. Because the $5 ticket still has the other $5. He made his pumpkin money work for him. Yeah. Imagine walking in with your $10 note and saying, oh, is pumpkin money okay here? I got this from selling a pumpkin. Oh, I got my money from the fishing minigame. Your pumpkin money's no good here. I quote, I didn't have my glasses on, Story said. I thought it won $1,000. That's a nice little surprise. That's also a nice little surprise. He's rubbing his old eyes. I was like, oh. That's a lot of zeros. $1,000. What if he goes to the same 7-Eleven or whatever it was with that other guy and he takes it and goes, yeah, you did win $1,000. Yeah, $1,000. Here you go. Uh-huh. Wow. Good for you. And that's a good habit you have of saying what the amount is before you give me the ticket. Hey, I've won $1,000. Correct. That's very true. Guy trying to keep a straight face. But that guy can't see anyway. Story picked up his prize. On Monday, he plans to use the $107,251 he was left with after tax withholdings to buy a truck. I thought he'd be putting it all back into pumpkins. Yeah. He's doubling down on that pumpkin dollar. So far. He's had a 30,000% return on his initial investment. So I think he should probably stick with this business model. Yeah. Keep going with it. Or just quit your job. Selling pumpkins, which I'm not sure is his job. What the fuck? $100,000. Okay. So first of all, I'm making air quotes here. A truck costs $10,000. And they're not even talking about like a box truck or like a semi-trailer. They're talking about a pickup truck. When Americans say truck, they mean a utility vehicle. A pickup truck. Yeah. A utility vehicle. That's right. Don't they cost like $80,000? Yeah. I mean, they can. No, if you go on Facebook Marketplace. And they often do. 2003 Toyota Hilux. If you're a fucking idiot. Yeah. I feel like he's going to buy a fucking stupid truck. He is. That's the problem. Brand new F-350. He's buying a steel burrito. God damn it. See? See what they say about Samsara? Yes. You could be free. Yeah. $150,000 in lottery winnings could free you from the Wheel of Samsara. It would fucking. He just locked himself in. Think of how many lottery tickets you could buy with $150,000. Statistically, you're actually almost dead certain to win the lottery if you spend $150,000 on lottery tickets. Yeah. Yeah, man. I don't know if that's true. I think it's real. I crunched the numbers. I don't know. We need more information to know if he's doing well here. Because how long has he been growing these pumpkins for? How many of them has he sold? I don't even believe that you could say. Unless he's been growing them for years and he's put like $400,000 into growing pumpkins and this was the first one he sold? And has he been converting them all into lottery tickets? Like. Or is some of it getting converted into beer? Could just be his passion. Maybe he just enjoys growing pumpkins. Maybe that is its own reward. Pumpkins are a very rewarding vegetable to grow. They basically, once you start, they will not ever stop. They won't. You put seeds down, you get pumpkins. You take those pumpkins, you put them straight in the fucking trash. Yeah. You can basically repeat that process for them. You've made so much pumpkin soup, there's no possible way. You're giving pumpkins to friends and family and now you've become the pumpkin guy. A man selling pumpkins for $10 to buy a $5 Extreme Cashword lottery ticket and then getting $150,000 and then spending $107,000 on a truck? That's a quintessential American story. The sort of thing we explore in America Watch. It's time for America Watch. America. Hey, you know how Vino makes these themes for us and then we just forget them forever? Yes. We forget, yeah. It's not even, there's still one in the, there's still one in the fucking bank. Which one is it? Say it and I'll beep it. I can't tell, it's an **** one. We haven't used it? Oh, fuck. I gotta look out for more **** related news. Yeah. Yeah, that was a good one. Oh, well. This comes to us from WLNS in Michigan. WLNS. Homeowner shoots intruder with crossbow. Sure. Fair response. Yeah. Hey, you're in my house? Well, now there is a crossbow bolt in your shoulder. Yeah, it's called the Castle Doctrine. Yes, that's right. It would be cool to use medieval weapons to fight off an intruder. Yeah, you've stepped into my world and also my world is medieval England. Yeah. What are you guys picking up if you get a home intruder? Like, what have you got handy? What's your weapon? My ability to reason with someone. Yeah. Hey, brother. Facts and logic. Please don't take my laptop. I need it for work. Yeah. I'm pushing each other kids closest in front. What if I tell you a few anecdotes from my childhood so you realise that I'm a person and this will make me upset if you steal my shit? What are you picking up? Start crying immediately. Yeah. Oh, no. You wouldn't hit a man with glasses who's crying and the boogers are running down his nose and over his mouth, would you? It's my birthday. It's my birthday today. You wouldn't be a little birthday boy, would you? That's the main thing. That's the main thing we're keeping in the bedside table is a little birthday hat. Yeah. A little party hat. Wait, wait, wait. Let me put this on. Run downstairs and I'm like, oh, today? Today? I turned 34 today. I can't believe this is happening on my birthday. It's going to be hard to understand the rest of what I'm going to say with this dummy in my mouth. You wouldn't steal a PS4 off a man wearing a diaper, would you? No one's stealing a PS4, I don't think at this point. I think we're past the point. No, I think it's a cash negative for a PS4. I'd just be using the PS4 as a weapon, I think. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Lucy, what are you picking up? You sound like you already had been fantasizing about using a weapon against a home intruder. I was just going to say like Dutch oven, but I think facts and logic is probably better. Yeah, I'm just going to Dutch up my home intruder. I'm just going to Dutch up. That's heavy. Things heavy. I'm going to Boston steamer my home intruder. I'm grabbing some of my very large and insanely sharp Japanese knives. Slashing away. Oh, you can't be using. Don't use the sharp Japanese kitchen knife that may be turned against you. Hmm. Introducing a knife into hand-to-hand combat. You're just doubling the chances of you getting stabbed. You get stabbed with your own knife, but John Wick. The chances of somebody getting cut by the big knife. Yeah. You included. You're in that fracas. Yeah, largely you. The person who is not trained in combat. Yeah, whereas most thieves, they've taken some points in knife combat. You think so? A Monroe County homeowner fended off two home invaders while wielding a crossbow Tuesday morning. Okay. I really like the phrasing of that. While wielding a crossbow, as if they interrupted him while he was already using the crossbow. Yeah. Oh, I already had this equipped. Perfect. Shaking it menacingly at the wall. I think maybe he was... Ah! Yeah. A little bit. Maybe they climbed over the back fence and found him doing ye olde guncata. You know? Mm-hmm. Deputies were dispatched to a home on the 4500 block of Huron Street in Frenchtown Township. Yeah. Jesus Christ. Insane address to have. Yeah. Frenchtown Township. 4500 block of Frenchtown Township. Yeah. What about Frenchtown Friendship? Yes. What about Frenchtown Friendship? Yes. Yes. At around 12.38 a.m. after receiving... Oh, interesting. Theo, do you notice that? Wait, no. Never mind. I was going to say it's the start of the Fibonacci sequence, but we skipped five. But they are all numbers from the Fibonacci sequence. It all means something. It's all connected. Yes. I love it when stuff means something. Yeah. It's great when something is signified. After receiving a call of a home invasion in progress, according to the call, two people broke into a home that had two residents inside. One of the intruders was then shot with an arrow by a resident after which the intruders fled. Oh, non-fatal shot then. You know? Yeah. The intruder who was shot, a 32-year-old man from Newport, was taken to hospital to remove the arrow and undergo surgery. He's now in police custody while he recovers. The other man, 41, of Newport, was arrested shortly after the incident and is currently held in the Monroe County Jail. Police will not release the men's identities until they are arraigned. According to the Monroe County Sheriff, this incident is believed to have not been a random act of violence. Oh, he was ready. And seems to have stemmed from a prior altercation between the people involved. Oh. He's just sitting in his chair. He was waiting. He's sitting in waiting. Just waiting. On his rocking chair, facing the back door because he knows they're not going to try the front door. Crossbow in his lap, fully loaded. He's got a glass of whiskey with him. They open the door and he says, I knew this moment was coming. Bam! Crossbow bolt in the shoulder. Come back to fuck my wife again. Bam! This is like... Fargo ass country. What are you... What is... I've never... I've had... I've been in personal altercations with people. Never really elevated to the level of crossbow violence. I mean, it's kind of less than gun violence, right? That's somewhere in between. Small Mercies. Didn't blast him with a shotgun or something, but fucking... Did you buy the crossbow because you knew these two people might be coming? Or was it for hunting? Because you had a fender bender in the parking lot of the Walmart. Hmm. And you left and you just got a sense. This isn't over. This will never be over until we're all dead. I've seen that man. He's the devil himself. Yes. Sure, I could buy a gun. It's too easy. That's just exactly what he'd want me to do. Sure, I could buy a beautiful Glock. It's too fast for this man. Yeah. This man needs to die with something going all the way through him. Yeah. But still being inside and coming out both ends. Also, he better leave as soon as I shoot him and I better not miss. Yeah, because it's really annoying to put another one in there. Do you think he's one of those ones with the crank? You've got to turn the handle really fast to wind it back to get another shot in there? Or do you reckon just a manual pull? I think a manual. I think he's a manual kind of guy. I reckon he's cranking that. Yeah. I think he's cranking that? He's cranking that thing. I reckon both of those sound like a euphemism for jacking off. Hey. Manually pulling it. Cranking it? Come on. What? What? Forget about it. Hey, sometimes when I look at this sort of thing, I think, what is this? The Grand Theft Auto video game series? Sometimes the world does feel a little bit like that. We check that out in the segment called GTA World. This comes to us from WHTM in Pennsylvania. The website. That's right. Stolen construction machine used to damage York County Park items. Police investigating. This is a storied genre of thing. That I love. A construction machine was stolen and used to destroy objects at a York County park and police are looking for the suspects. A Vertkin W50 DCI road construction milling machine. If you scroll down to the document, there's a picture of it, Lucy. Oh, perfect. You can tell that I was doing it. Yeah. At North George Street and 8th Avenue in North York Borough was stolen by two people at 4.30 a.m. on Saturday, a news release states. The machine was owned by Kinsley Construction. Now, 4.30 a.m. on a Saturday in York County. They're up early. Or are they up late? Yes. They had a couple of beers. They've been partying. They went to Dennegan's. They went to the hole in the wall. They went to McFlanity's. They went to McFlanity's. They had shots at all of them. Or Doherty's. Yes. Or Milligan's. You guys want to go to McFlanity's. Yes. Get a shamrock shot. They got absolutely fucked at O'Finnegan's. Kennegan's. They were 20 sheets to the wind. They saw this Vertgen W50 DCI road construction milling machine and they went, I bet you I can fucking drive that thing. And they just look like a tall bumper car. It looks a little bit like a Zamboni. It looks like a Zamboni. It looks exactly like a Zamboni. I'm not totally sure what this machine actually does. I think it's. Is it sort of flattening the ground? Polishing the ground? Polishing the ground kind of situation? Making the road nice and shiny for all the cars? Maybe. The machine was then driven to Kaufman Park and once there police had the suspects drove across the basketball court and ran over items such as benches, trash cans and parking sides before getting stuck in the grass. Oh, it's for removing pavement. It like breaks up the. Aha. It breaks up the pavement. Efficient milling and granulating of road pavement. You got some pavement you want granulated? They'd be so good at fucking up a basketball court after you had 30 beers. You guys, we should go granulating. You want to go granulating later? Oh, I bet you won't go granulating with me. I hate granulating. I get so self-conscious. No, you gotta do it. You gotta. We gotta do it. Hey guys, Tony's scared of granulating. I'm not. Now, that was the entire news story, those sentences. There was something that I really desperately needed to find out about the Vertkin W50 DCI road construction milling machine. So I looked this up. I got this from the manufacturer, from Vertkin. From the photo, that appears to be the three-wheel model of the Vertkin W50 DCI road construction milling machine, which means it has a top speed of eight kilometers an hour. Yes. Can you imagine? Eight. Uh-huh. Eight. Yeah. You've had ten shots. Sorry for Americans, that is five miles per hour. Yeah. You've had a bunch of shots. You've had a bunch of beers. A couple of cocktails. You're all sitting on that thing. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Scenery flying by at eight kilometers an hour. You reckon they got a horn on there? Beep beep. Oh, they absolutely have a horn on there. I bet it's even got a little, the reversing beeps as well, when you back that shit up on your Vertkin W50 DCI road construction milling machine. It's so beautiful that, like, a lot of people think that finding happiness in life is, like, really complex. You know, maybe you need, like, business success or artistic validation, like the realization of these big goals. Or, you know, there's something in yourself that you have to conquer over a lifetime to find joy. When you could just get, like, blackout drunk at Skeregan's and then at 4.30 in the morning on a Saturday, you and your best friend in the whole fucking world, barely able to stand up. You get on a three-wheel Vertkin W50 DCI road construction milling machine and at eight kilometers an hour, you just take out a bunch of park benches and rubbish bins? Honestly, it sounds super fun. Yeah, that sounds dope. Oh, my God. And, like, be really cool to go sign your name, like, in the concrete parking lot of your local grocery store. Hey, someone's milled a very beautiful signature into this parking lot. Wonderful penmanship. And then next to that, a huge erect cock. Yeah, there's little bits of jizz coming out. He's figured out how to turn the milling machine on and off so he can do a little dashed line. From what we can tell, it looks like the jizz is traveling this way in the drawing. Might give a hint as to where they went. How good is fucking around and destroying multiple things at eight kilometers an hour while you're blackout drunk and not getting caught? Not getting caught. Oh, yeah. And just doing it for the perfect amount of time to be like, you know what? We probably need to get out on now. Yeah. We know we've had our fun. Yes. It's cool clothes. We've looked around and discovered there were no more worlds left to conquer. And we said, fantastic, because it's time to go home. I'm quite sleepy now. Yeah. Look, they may have damaged public property, sure. But they were having fun. Aren't we all flawed in some way? Is anybody perfect? No. And that's what we talk about in Pobody's Nerfect. Pobody's Nerfect. Pobody's Nerfect. No. No. Pobody's Nerfect. No. Whoa. Whoa. Oopsie daisy. Yeah. Yeah. Pobody's Nerfect. Perfect. No. This comes to us from the Decatur Daily in Decatur, Alabama. Alabama Fire Chief addresses inappropriate EMS training scenario. Okay. Okay. Isn't that tantalizing? That is. Now, what if I was stuck in the washing machine? Getting the jaws of life to pry you out of there. Decatur Fire and Rescue Chief Tracy Thornton on Tuesday said he would take appropriate action after learning of a, quote, inappropriate training exercise as the Alabama Fire College continues to investigate the DFR Recruit School. Interesting you don't hear this at all about the Water College or Earth College. The state began its investigation into DFR's recruit training on Monday after the class was abruptly sent home on Friday, according to Thornton. The class began on September 3rd with 21 new recruits. In addition to Decatur Firefighters, the DFR Training Center offers classes to self-sponsored recruits and aspiring firefighters from nearby departments. Quote, a video has been shared with Decatur Fire slash rescue that was taken from one of our previous training classes. The video was taken during a drill that was intended to show recruits that they may have to respond to very odd circumstances on emergency calls, Thornton said in a written statement. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Washing machine dryers. Washing machine slash dryer. Combo. Washing machine dryer stuck in their situation. Corny housewives. Step dryer. Step washing machine combo situation. Quote, during the video, we witnessed an exercise being used that was inappropriate for this type of training. Even though the concept of preparing recruits for the unexpected is good in theory, the practical application was completely wrong. I'm really loving how many paragraphs they could get into this without telling you. I'm really tantalized about these naughty firefighters. Nah, it's pretty boring. It's not funny at all. The Decatur Daily obtained the video thought and referenced in his statement. It shows an apparent simulated medical emergency. Oh, Sonic pregnant. Sonic pregnant. Is that necessarily an emergency? Sonic could be having a healthy pregnancy. Yeah. He can have healthy trimesters. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Sonic can have healthy trimesters. A man lays face down on a bathroom floor with his pants down around his thighs. Okay. The handle of a plunger appears to protrude from the man's backside, although it isn't actually lodged in him. What? What? Was he trying to, he was trying to suck out a turd? Have you guys ever sucked a turd out of a toilet? You guys ever sucked a turd directly out of a human ass? This thing's really stuck. So, notice they say, well, no, I guess they don't really specify. So, they say the handle of a plunger, but they don't say which direction. Yeah. Yeah. Which way? Are they suggesting that the plunger end is inside? Because that is the exact wrong shape of something you want to have in here. Yeah. Because once that's in, it's like the opposite. Yeah. You want the flanged end. It's like the back end of a butt plug. Never insert the flared base first. That's like the wrongest you can do it. You think, okay, it's got a flared base. It's safe. Yeah. Just one precaution left to take. That's right. You know when you're sort of blindly groping back there? You're holding the middle, but you can't quite tell which end is which. And you're like, ah, 50-50 odds. It won't matter. What's the worst that could happen? Probably fine. God, I hope that the Decatur Fire Rescue people are trained for this. I hope they're trained to expect the unexpected. Yes. The man, who appears to be an instructor, stands in the left of the frame and films on his phone as four recruits enter the room. As the recruits decide how to respond to the simulated injury, some in the video struggle to contain their laughter. Like screaming at them like Ali Omi in full metal jacket. Do you think this is funny? This is a serious training exercise. This man is suffering. One man wears a Decatur Fire Jacket while another man wears a shirt that reads Alabama Fire College. Another man? Fire College? Fire, guys. Again, what does this have to do with the guys that's trying to suck his turds out of his butthole? Yeah. I don't. Why else would you be using the plunger there? Someone has a theory. Here. Another man wears a shirt that reads Alabama Fire College. Another man apparently playing the role of a bystander wears a shirt that reads Fire Marshal. Quote. He just really likes plungers. The latter tells the recruits. Okay. Oh, so he was. Okay. He was fucking himself. He was fucking himself with it. He was fucking himself with the plunger. Which, I guess. Country boys make do? Country boys make do. You get the plunger in to stick to the wall. You get into a sort of a... No, it's kind of like a stick-on-the-wall dildo situation. Yeah. The suction cup and a dildo. That's how we do in Alabama. Yeah. That's right. You know, sometimes you're horny as fuck and you're in a bathroom at the fire station. And you're just going to make it work. Sometimes you have to put in the work. That doesn't sound safe to me. Yeah. Yeah. And for all you young guns out there, didn't always used to have big dildos with a suction base. Yes. You know? Yeah. You couldn't just buy that anywhere. You guys think it's totally normal now. Uh-uh. Not for us. We were inventing stuff. We were buying an old stool that a bar was going to throw out. Hey, you're just getting rid of this? We're putting any old thing in our arses. I might do a little restoration, you know? And then you take it away. See what happens. Yes. Yes. Quote, training scenarios like this should never have occurred and will not be permitted to happen again, Thornton said. It was wrong. Even though the DFR command staff should have never let this happen, it did. And now that we are aware, we are taking the appropriate action. But we can never undo the harm we have caused. I just, like, I get that that's weird. It's probably weird to have a guy with his pants off with, like, a simulated plunger stuck up his ass. Maybe to you. Maybe to a closed-minded person like you. It's true. Yeah, I guess. A bit of a prude about these things. I just don't. What are you going to... What are the policy changes you're going to make to ensure that this never happens again? Yeah. Don't do that thing. Don't do the plunger up the ass one again, please. Now, fellas, no butt stuff. Also, guy caught trying to fuck something. Don't do that one. Also, so he's face down on the floor collapsed. What's supposed to have happened to him? Yeah, like, what happened to make him pass out? He passed out from fucking himself in the ass with a plunger? Because I think at that point he's dead. I think it was from the suction, from the turd suction. Oh, was it because of the overwhelming pleasure? Yeah. Of hitting it ever so right with a plunger? You never tried to suck a turd out of your ass with a plunger? You don't know what you're missing. I'm a really busy man and I can't wait for these turds to come out of your ass. Hurry it up in there, boys. Black and white footage. His hands on his hips. Are you tired of waiting for turds to come out of your ass? Kind of looking at his watch and tapping it. Hands in his head on the toilet. I don't have time for this. Missed another meeting. Cuts to colour. He looks happy and refreshed and he's shaking a man's hand because he just signed another business deal. Because he made it to that meeting on time. Thanks. Turd remover. Turd suckers. I would never have been able to close that business deal if it wasn't for turd suckers. Thanks, turd suckers. We had this family friends years ago and there was a bathroom incident. We had to be going somewhere, counsellor. There was a bathroom incident that happened one time, which is that this friend of ours had this thing happen. She went to the bathroom, sat down in the toilet, started doing toilet stuff. And you know what that means. You know what goes on in there. And apparently there is this thing that can happen medically where some combination of sitting down and emptying your bladder does something to your blood pressure that just makes you pass out. Oh, yeah. A syncope. Is that what it's called? Yeah. There's a term for the specific one that happens when you're on the toilet. But I had a stress-induced syncope happen to me like a couple of months ago. Oh, cool. And I nearly passed out while watching a play. Well, when this happened to this lady, it happened to her on the toilet with her pants around her ankles and she passed out and fell forward onto the tile floor, smashing all her front teeth out. Oh, no. Oh, no. I am terrified of doing that. I've already told this story. Well, then don't. Don't do it. On the podcast. But when I got gastro and I was shitting, but then I needed to vomit. But also I had to get the bucket and then my blood pressure went to zero and I fell off the toilet with my dookie butt in the air. Oh, no. And then I had to throw up in the bucket on the floor like a dog. Like a dog. Dogs don't use buckets, though. No. No, they don't eat it again. Dogs also love the taste of their own puke. They sure do. Is that something that Winston does? Wilfred? You know, Winston doesn't vomit. Winston doesn't vomit, thank God, because I think I'd kill him. Be a bridge too far. Got too much other shit to deal with. He's got too much diarrhea to vomit. I haven't got time to vomit because of the diarrhea that I have. They're both draining the same bar. That's right. I think I've mentioned, but he did eat a snail hole. Just crunching on that thing. Let him out and he just crunched on an entire snail. It's probably great, you know? Like, I don't know if you're giving him like a lot of food with different textures, but I personally appreciate some textural variety in the things that I eat. Oh, you think we should give him a lot of food with different textures? I think a bit of squishy stuff, a bit of shell, you know? I don't think Winston deserves textural variety. I think he deserves Soylent for dogs. He does. I think he should be Soylent. I bet he's a lovely animal in person. Mm-hmm. Oh, dear. A vasovagal syncope. That's the one. Yeah. You can also have a micturition syncope, which is what happens when you're pissing. And of course, our dear friend, the defecation syncope. Yeah. Defecation syncope New York. Is that anything? Maybe an episode title. A spokeswoman for the Fire College. They have not yet released a statement about the investigation on Tuesday and did not respond to further inquiries. The investigation comes just as the appeal hearing for Kevin Jackson, a DFR lieutenant who was double demoted in June, is set to resume on Wednesday. I hate getting double demoted. Double demoted. Can you do that? You're busted down to corporal. Oh, and while we're at it, you're also busted down to private. Telling your wife that you've been demoted. Your wife comes in, you've got a hangdog look on your face. You didn't get demoted, did you? No. It's all right. We can work through this. We can work through this. You're just a corporal. You're just a corporal now. Yeah. I can live with you being a corporal. I can live with that. I can live with that. Suck a corporal off. Ah. Imagine getting Columbo demoted. They give you one demotion. And another. Yeah, just as they're leaving. One more thing. Among the allegations against Jackson are that he refused to participate in training that he didn't find useful. Yes. Yes. All right. Hero. Yeah. Office workers, take note. I didn't realize that you could get in trouble for that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you can just choose to not click through those slides they email you. Mandatory password safety training. Yeah. How useful. Who needs that? Cultural sensitivity training. Whoa. Delete. Delete. I love all those people. Let's list some of them. Yeah. I don't even care. Black, white, purple. You know that classic one? Yeah. Yeah. That's the best one. I see that New South Wales cops who've been writing like really whingy stuff on their cars where they're like, pay us more. We're too sad to beat anybody up. All cops are underpaid. Yeah. It's funny. Apparently in protest, they are now just refusing to do a whole bunch of particular duties. And they listed them all off on the news. And I was like, they just sound like the ones you don't want to do. Yeah. Yeah. And also are probably already not doing. Well, one of them was checkups on like people who are out on bail for DV offenses. And I'm like, they weren't doing that. Oh, my goodness. Cool. Okay. You're probably already checking up on them by like sending them the address of the person they've got restraining orders. Yeah. Not against them by or whatever. Solidarity with workers. Cops aren't workers. Cops are not workers. Checking up on them by taking a look in the mirror. Yes. Yes. Yes. Lucy. Correct. That was definitely an episode of the podcast. Bonta Vista. Thank you so much for joining us on this crazy ride as we explore this world and our place in it. You know, there's so much happening and just getting a little slice of it every week and sharing it with you, my podcasting colleagues, and you, the listener, as a sheer beautiful joy. Thank you for paying us money. That gives us money, which we use to buy stuff. And that gives us happiness because money can be exchanged for goods and services. And I love goods. Me too. And I've become quite fond of services. I love to be served. We will see you on the free episode. Unless, of course, this was your final episode with us. In which case, I give you the official Bonta Vista goodbye salute. It was lovely having you for this time. Flags at half mast. Good luck with the rest of your life. And I hope you find happiness with whatever podcast you choose to be with instead of us. I hope it makes you happy. I hope when you decided to unsubscribe from our Patreon and went to the Kill James Bond one, that they make you happy on the weekend. Because I think they could. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.