Push that big button.
Alright.
Come on, Milkshake, I gotta push several buttons here.
No, Roz is being piloted by a cat now.
This is true, Milkshake has basically taken over this podcast.
Cat Gundam!
Yeah!
Beef Catgallion?
Yeah, he's, well now he's sitting, he's got his rear paws on my chest, and his
front paws are on the table, and if I try and use the mouse, he just sort of bats it
away.
Perfect.
You deserve nothing.
That's my situation.
How's everyone else doing?
I have a laptop that's three quarters on the desk, a double white Russian latte, and a
Detroit style dijorno pizza.
It's 9am, my guy!
I had to be ready.
It's the weekend, you're podcasting, you have to have a beverage.
I have a beverage, don't worry about me.
Alright, it's a bonus episode.
You know who we are, but we have a guest.
Yeah, why are we here?
Why are we here?
We're here because of my sins.
I'm James Gilboy, pronouns he, they, and you may remember me from Project Plowshare, but
we're not talking about nukes today.
We're talking about drugs, aren't we?
Yeah, we're talking about drugs.
We're talking about drugs.
Let's talk about some drugs.
And unfortunately, we have no November.
No-vember, if you will.
No-vember, if you will.
Yeah.
November, yeah.
This is not going to be a funny episode.
We're going to get through this and post it.
Leave us alone.
Exactly.
It's going to be very workmanlike.
Very facts.
There's going to be no jokes.
Only facts.
Facts only.
Only facts.
Yeah.
Only, yeah.
We're going to start a subscription service called Only Facts.
Yeah.
I blame Trash Future for this, for having live shows.
Yeah.
Nova is currently indisposed at Baby Dead.
Possibly.
Kind of a disappointment because she would have some amazing drops for this.
But, um.
Got a.
Yeah, we don't have any drops.
So we're just going to have to improvise them.
Yeah.
Taken out by the Carrington event ongoing.
Um.
That you were, that you stayed up too late because you were excited for it.
Yeah.
I was hoping we'd, you know, all the electronics would explode and we wouldn't have to do this.
Oh, too bad.
You're here.
I'm here.
All right.
So the question we have to ask first is what are drugs?
Next slide.
What are drugs?
What are drugs?
Um.
Oh, yeah.
Real quick.
I don't like that you sort, that you, that you use Drexel University College of Medicine
as a source.
I thought there'd be a reaction to that.
Um.
I.
Yeah.
It's.
It.
Was it.
Ross.
Was it.
That were the law school that got like decertified.
Law school.
Law school.
Yeah.
And also they took the guy's name off of it because he didn't donate enough.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Pay to win, but for academia, I don't know.
Yes.
Um.
You don't pay to win when you're going to Drexel, man.
You pay to lose.
So the reason why this is the truth up at all is because we're on the sources page that
I'm opening with.
I started writing this script before the age bomber guy video dropped.
Um, and I made sure to save everything that was still open in my tabs.
Um, so I'm confident that everything in here is somewhere in these.
However, um, sorting out where I got the individual pieces of info, maybe a little bit
more difficult.
Um, anyway, I think next slide.
So we can actually start answering the drugs question.
So.
Is this lion going to fuck me?
Um, looks like.
I'm sure if you pay enough.
I can.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We got, we got podcast money.
I can.
Dare to, I don't know.
Take lion red rock.
Dare to ream my ream.
Don't cats have spiky penises.
Okay.
That's.
I.
Yeah, I believe so.
Uh, okay.
Wait.
Milkshake.
Come here.
No, you just left.
Also, he's spayed and neutered.
Oh yeah.
So it's Toby.
So I couldn't tell you.
I'm glad you said it.
Not me.
Okay.
Drugs.
Um, a drug at large is any substance consumed for its physiological or psychological effects.
Um, you know, physical or mental.
Uh, we've got pharmaceutical drugs, you know, antipsychotics.
Uh, and such.
And, but of course, like humans first would have encountered recreational ones like caffeine
and ethanol, which we just more colloquially call alcohol.
That's a good one.
I like that one.
That's the, that's the good, that's the good.
It's pretty popular.
Um, although even it's not legal in all places of the world.
Ah, we must liberate the oppressed peoples and give them a fifth of old crow.
Wow.
Also physiologically, it's probably one of the worst ones.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
It's real bad.
It's like one of those carcinogens with a zero threshold for safety, sort of like nitrates
in cured meat.
Like, you know.
Yeah.
Oh no, those are good for you.
Cause they taste good.
Yeah.
No, like I'll just eat them anyway.
Yeah, exactly.
I will be right back.
Charcuterie board and a glass of wine equivalent to standing.
How did you say that word?
Charcuterie.
Okay.
Yeah.
A charcuterie board and a glass of wine is the, uh, same effect as standing six feet.
19 cigarettes.
Yeah.
19 cigarettes standing next to the Chernobyl elephant's foot.
You know, having a taste for charcuterie is why I was banned from SeaWorld.
Anyway, um, there, there are also, there are also drugs that we used to use, um, you know,
as recreational or medicinal, but we've stopped because better options came along or side effects
outweigh the benefits or they're just too dangerous.
Like strychnine, uh, which was used as a stimulant for a while, but we now only like
use it for killing mice.
Um, what's this steroid?
Hmm.
What's that steroid?
Strychnine.
Strychnine.
Strychnine.
Yeah.
Yeah.
However it's pronounced.
Yeah.
Um, what they gave that guy in the, uh, St. Louis Olympics.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
One of everyone's favorite John boys videos.
Yes.
Um, so there's a huge range of classes of drugs, uh, stimulants, depressants, barbiturates,
far more than I could ever name, much less pronounce.
What we're most interested in is a group known as next slide.
Oh boy.
Oh, I've seen this in my nightmares.
Psychedelics.
Hmm.
Um, so this is, I don't believe it's a pharmaceutical term.
It's just a, it's like kind of an umbrella that encompasses.
Just like a catchall.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Kind of because psychedelics actually belong to a very broad range of drug classes.
Um, they were originally called hallucinogens.
Some of them are also now called entheogens for their spiritual importance, but they're
all broadly united by what their effects are.
Um, the word psychedelic was invented in 1956 by a psychiatrist is a portmanteau of Greek
words, meaning mind manifesting.
Um, which is not really very descriptive, uh, because the psychedelic experience as a whole
is often characterized as ineffable or hard to explain.
Um, our understanding and way of communicating it has improved over the years, but we still
don't actually know how they work for the most part.
Uh, next slide.
What we do know is that the serotonergic psychedelics bind to the, say blast your 5-HT2-AOC.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
I'm, I'm fucking down for that.
The 5-HT2-AOC.
Yes.
Um, so serotonergic psychedelics, uh, means they bind to the brain serotonin receptors
specifically, as we were just mentioning the 5-HT2-A receptors.
What that means, I couldn't tell you, I'm not a neuroscientist, um, but we do know that
this suppresses activity.
Yeah.
Don't get mad at us for that, by the way.
We, uh, we.
Every time I see one of these illustrations of like a protein or a whatever in, you know,
the molecules, uh, the organic molecules in the body.
I'm like, how can anyone understand that?
Yeah.
Especially with how it's a swirly.
So we do know that these suppress activity in the brain's default mode network and increase
communication between different areas of the brain.
Basically, they change the way you think, uh, the way you feel, the way you perceive anything.
It all changes radically in ways, you know, depending on substance, but who you're with,
where you are, your mental health, uh, maybe even what you ate that day.
Um, so like taking mushrooms, isn't like drinking a six pack of beer as anybody who has done both
would know, um, with a beer, like, you know, exactly what you're in for.
Um, yeah.
And that's, uh, misery at the end of the sixth one, cause you're going to throw up.
Uh, but with the mushrooms, uh, you don't necessarily know what you're going to get.
You might get some oversaturated colors, uh, and like feel this profound sense of connection
with the people around you.
You might experience deep introspection.
You might watch like a light show go on inside your eyes, or you may completely lose your own
sense of identity.
Uh, yep.
It's something that's called ego death or, uh, I think also depersonalization is a close,
um, a close second there.
Um, I just felt really happy and had made some good posts and also cook some delicious food.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Sometimes it happens that way.
Sometimes you wake up on a beach with no memory of who you are.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, that seems like a good like premise for a TV show.
Um, so yeah.
Also you might have a psychotic break, but, um, we'll get to that.
It's, it's all over the place.
Um, subjective note thing.
So as somebody who's not a neuroscientist, my speculation for why I think trips are hard to
describe is because of how they work in our brains.
Um, I mentioned the bonding with serotonin receptors.
They're hacking into our brains through where our neurotransmitters are, you know, normally
supposed to go.
Uh, neurotransmitters just being simple chemicals.
Our body uses to send signals, uh, regulate mood, all that.
So explaining being on acid would be kind of like explaining to an alien what being happy
is like.
It's like we is something we as people kind of innately.
Do you guys know what beer is?
Okay.
So you, you guys know when you built the pyramids, right?
How good you felt after that?
I paid the aliens in beer.
Yeah.
How would you consider that?
How would you describe, say, having beer to somebody who's lived in a dry country their
whole life?
It's like, no, man, you just got to experience it.
It's the tastiest beverage you could have.
And also it'll get you in a lot of trouble if you're not careful.
Oh, even if you are careful, uh, depends.
So we're not going to get too far into the weeds on that.
Um, but we do have to go a little further to get to where we're going.
Next slide.
Oh, I've, oh, that says, it's supposed to say, do not boof the boofo.
Um, yeah, that's not how that's taken.
Well, this is how, this is how, um, this is how PowerPoint messes with us all.
Yeah.
Yeah.
PowerPoint or Google, whatever.
Um, yeah.
So psychedelics actually have a centuries, if not millennia long history of human use
outside of Western culture.
Not so much in it.
Three of the four quote classic psychedelics as they're known are naturally occurring and
have been used by various groups around the world for longer than anyone has bothered
to keep track.
There are cave paintings in Algeria that may be 9,000 years old showing what we believe
to be use of magic mushrooms.
Um, what that's fucking sick.
Yeah.
There's, uh, there's this really, that's so cool.
There's this really interesting thing.
Um, with, uh, I'm going to say ancient India.
And I mean, like within the last few thousand years, there are all these artistic depictions
of some sort of drug or sacrament called Soma.
And we don't actually know what it is.
Um, there are some theories, but, um, I was going to say that red mushroom with white spots
on its cap, uh, the Mario mushroom you see up top there, that is not a magic mushroom.
That is an Amanita.
Uh, I Googled Amanita muscaria.
There's a bunch of varieties.
Um, you know, it's the Mario mushroom.
It's the one from Alice in Wonderland.
They are technically toxic, but they can be made safe.
Um, they also have a long history of medicinal use.
They're supposed to be really tasty.
If you cook them right.
They make you twice as high.
Uh, tall.
I mean, uh, they do screw with your perception.
Why not both?
Yeah.
Uh, high, tall, same thing.
Um, high, tall.
Yeah.
I, I, yeah.
That's when I play basketball.
Weather like up there.
Um, oh, well, I, I am taller than, James, how tall are you, bud?
We're going doing this again.
Um, I say six foot in my tender.
Okay.
Yeah.
We're doing, we're doing, we're doing height.
No, I'm terrible at basketball.
Um, and I'll just yield that.
I'm also terrible at basketball.
Well, you're taller, too, better than me.
I haven't played basketball in so long, so I don't know.
I might be really good at it.
I don't think that that, I love you to death, right?
I do.
I do.
You're my favorite person, but I, I've seen you try to do stuff that's coordinated and
you're not so good at it.
Yeah.
My coordination's overrated.
That's right, baby.
Just Roz trying to refer how to operate his arms and legs.
This is why I'm so like shit at RuneScape.
I can't click with any accuracy.
Sometimes the, the Ratatouille in my hat, uh, you know, gets confused.
Just piloting you like a guy.
Yeah, Eva.
Rat Eva versus cat Eva.
My mom had a cat named Eva, actually, and it just died a couple weeks ago.
Um, well, it's a shame.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Um, anyway, um, mescaline, which is a substance made by some cacti, uh, most known to occur
in peyote, but it's also in the much more common legal and fast growing San Pedro, uh,
or Peruvian torch is shown in the slide.
It's believed to have been used for at least 2000 years.
Um, meanwhile, ayahuasca, which is a DMT containing brew, um, is known to have been prepared for at
least 1000 years.
Um, I, I want to say, and there's no good like way to drop this reference, but ayahuasca
is some very, uh, potion seller shit because it's supposed to be known for making you throw
up.
Uh, oh, that sounds bad.
Oh, just like Kratom.
Kratom, I, I've heard like is effectively an opioid in your body.
So it's very common to develop dependencies on it.
So I don't want to touch that shit myself.
Um, the fourth of these is not naturally occurring, but is synthesized from next slide.
So I want to hear you both try to pronounce that.
Liam first.
Lesergic acid, diphylamide.
Yeah.
It's a lesergic acid, diethylamide.
There we go.
Yeah.
Very close though.
Um, on Liam's part.
And yeah, like close enough to nobody.
Yeah.
Fuck you.
I figured you have to pronounce the ethyl.
It's got ethyls in it.
Oh God.
It's a drug that it's, it's, it makes us all stupid.
Look, it's got a whole benzene too.
Oh no.
Love benzene.
Yeah.
Everyone loves benzene.
Mm-hmm.
It's famously good for you on its own.
Gotta get that pure stuff.
I forget if that one's the benzene or this one's the benzene.
I, I haven't taken organic chemistry in a long time.
So LSD was first created on November 16th, 1938 at Sandoz Laboratories in Basel, Switzerland.
A chemist named Albert Hoffman was trying to produce new analeptics or central nervous system
stimulants.
These include stuff like strychnine mentioned above, however you pronounce that, but also
amphetamines, including meth, which as we know, uh, Nazis love.
Neat.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, I've heard some criticisms of that.
Like, what is it?
Blitzed?
That book.
I don't know what they are, but, um, it's still a very fun book to read.
Meth chocolate maybe.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
You've seen the Steve video of him like trying some of that out.
Yeah.
I mean, the algorithm's not going to like this video, but that guy actually did meth in his
YouTube video.
It's a bonus episode.
He is Florida man incarnate, but like, but like in a good way.
Um, so, uh, Hoffman was fucking around with some lysergic acid, which is one of the building
blocks of ergotamine or ergotamine.
I don't know how it's pronounced.
And other alkaloids made by the ergot fungus.
Um, you guys have probably heard of this.
It causes ergotism by infecting grains, mainly rye, which can cause convulsions, gangrene, and
other symptoms if consumed.
But just like we use botulinum for cosmetic surgery.
Now we found that in small doses, it could be used for stopping like postpartum bleeding.
Um, wow.
Yeah.
Obviously we stopped because side effects and all that and better alternatives came along,
but Hoffman had figured out how to make, um, how to make the active useful ingredient, uh,
ergotamine in a lab.
He was also playing with making similar, uh, similar molecules that he hoped could have
medical uses.
Next slide.
That's, that's the guy.
Um, yeah, that's, that is the face of a maniac.
Well, I messed this one up too.
Oh, well, I mean, oh no, he died at 102.
Good Lord.
We'll get to his life.
Um, but the text in the background says I can only show that molecule so many times law.
Um, so the 25th of his experiments was a combination between ergotamine and diethylamine.
Uh, it was labeled LSD 25 for lab tests.
It didn't really work as anybody hoped.
Um, the animal testing only resulted in the test subjects becoming restless.
Normally what would happen when tests went nowhere like this is the formula would be thrown
out and forgotten.
Nobody would ever give a shit ever again.
But Hoffman quote, liked the chemical structure unquote, and held onto the formula because he
thought there was more potential than they first saw.
So like he did that thing with like donkey did at the start of Shrek and he's like, I
like that molecule.
That's a nice molecule.
That's a good molecule.
That's fucking funny.
Um, Hoffman had always been kind of eccentric.
He had initially thought about studying the humanities and becoming an artist, but he ended
up going into chemistry, not because he was going to take some hardline rational view of
the world, but because he wanted to explain the mystical experiences he had as a kid.
Quote, mystical experiences in childhood in which nature was altered in magical ways had
provoked questions concerning the essence of the external material world and chemistry
was a scientific field, which might afford insights into this unquote.
I bring that up because next slide.
Hey, bicycle day.
Oh yeah.
You love bicycles.
Oh yes.
Bicycles are good.
Period.
Um, about five years later in April, 1943 Hoffman out of nowhere had quote, a peculiar
pre sentiment unquote, that he should recreate LSD 25 and continue studying it.
His lab safety though, uh, evidently wasn't great because he accidentally absorbed an unknown
amount of the substance, which hadn't been tested on humans before.
He only found this out when he was quote interrupted in my work by unusual sensations unquote.
Wow.
I love to be interrupted in my work by unusual sensations.
Yeah.
In the chemistry lab on LSD.
Oh boy.
Oh yeah.
Oh boy.
What am I doing with my hands?
Well, so like, remember this is in the West before anybody had ever, you know, really
understood psychedelics.
So he, he felt kind of dizzy, uh, restless and sensitive to light.
He went straight home.
Uh, he laid down on his couch in quote, in a dreamlike state with eyes closed.
I perceived an uninterrupted stream of fantastic pictures, extraordinary shapes with intense
kaleidoscopic play of colors.
Unquote.
Next slide.
Obviously being a scientist, his first reaction to this is I need to do it again for science
or whatever the technical term is.
Yes.
Do we get to get it for science on April 19th, 1943.
I think maybe I was supposed to stay on the last slide there, but that's fine.
No.
Yeah.
Anyway, same day as the Warsaw uprising, uh, April 19th, 1943, he dosed himself with a quarter
of a milligram of LSD.
That's 200.
Oh boy.
No, don't react yet.
Sorry.
No, you're good.
Um, audience that is 250 micrograms.
Um, and let's put that into perspective.
You can get energy drinks these days that have 300 milligrams of caffeine.
Um, you're like strong ibuprofens are going to have like a hundred milligrams, maybe 200.
Um, so like, you know, you're, those are like in the range of a thousand times the active
ingredient, um, that Hoffman took, you know, like this is a very conservative dose in theory.
Um, what we later found out though, is that LSD is ludicrously powerful.
And in some circumstances can be felt in doses of less than 25 micrograms.
Hoffman had already made history with the world's first acid trip, and he was going to make history
again with the world's first bad acid trip.
Oh boy.
As it comes on, he gets uneasy and eventually descends into what he thinks is irreversible
madness.
He thinks he's poisoned himself and thoughts on acid come-ups, uh, tend to be kind of
self-fulfilling prophecies.
If you think, oh, I'm having a bad time.
Yes, you are.
He gets some help from his lab assistant, uh, getting home on a bike, which is why April
19th is now bicycle day.
You wouldn't imagine being that lab assistant.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That would be, uh, that'd be interesting.
I mean, it's like wartime Switzerland.
Like they didn't have gas, which is why they rode the bike.
Uh, it's being rationed.
Yeah.
And I mean, uh, the incredible potency is why, hey kids, you want to pull a fun prank,
synthesize a gallon of LSD and throw it in a reservoir.
Oh, Jesus.
Ross.
Please no, do not do this.
To quote Joe Kasabian, hold that thought.
Okay.
Not literally, but not far off there.
So he said, quote, familiar objects and pieces of furniture assumed grotesque, threatening
forms.
They were in continuous motion animated as if driven by an inner restlessness.
Unquote.
He underwent ego death and said, quote, a demon had invaded me, had taken possession of my body,
mind, and soul.
I jumped up and screamed, trying to free myself from him, but then sank down again and lay
helpless on the sofa.
Unquote.
Finally, the doctor arrived and checked his vitals.
They were all completely normal.
And the only obvious symptom was dilated pupils.
And like, as soon as Hoffman heard this, like it completely changed the character of the
trip because of like how suggestible you are on psychedelics.
Like if somebody tells you you're okay, you're going to feel better.
Um, he eventually came down into what he called and has been since called an afterglow.
Quote, everything glistened and sparkled in a fresh light.
The world was as if newly created.
All my senses vibrated in a condition of the highest sensitivity, which persisted for the
entire day.
Unquote.
So this would have been after many hours because LSD lasts a long time.
Um, depending on the dose, eight to 18 hours, sometimes more on the extreme end.
Um, and it interferes with your sleep.
Um, according to a study published in cell press in 2017, cause I'm getting this citation,
right?
This is because.
Well done.
This is because LSD makes a serotonin receptor, uh, or the H, uh, 5-HT2A OC as we know it fold
in on itself like a lid.
Uh, the receptor and LSD are eventually kind of pulled into the cell to be broken down.
Uh, which I guess is kind of why you feel weird afterward because the receptor isn't
there.
Something that I want to add is you can get some really, really good replications of psychedelic
visuals, um, from a YouTube channel called symmetric vision.
It's the most realistic depiction, uh, I've ever seen.
It's, it's still not quite, you know, as good as the real thing.
Um, but, um, if you want to see what, you know, being on acid really looks like, go check
out that YouTube channel.
I would assume you prefer to also have the other effects as well as the visuals.
Yes.
Um, but you know, the visuals are, are neat.
They are better in combination with the others.
Um, next slide.
Big sip.
Hoffman came to believe that LSD had found him and that these events, uh, these events
are now held in reverence within the psychedelic community just because like, they're so weird.
Um, he also believed the drug could be useful for studying schizophrenia and psychosis in
the, in the early days, LSD was marketed by Sandoz as a drug called Delacid.
Like you see on the screen, uh, they called it a psychotomimetic because they thought it
could simulate psychosis.
Uh, this became a big field of study in the 1950s is used in psychiatry, psychoanalysis
and experimentation with the arts.
There were hundreds of papers written, dozens of books, international conferences, um, acid
and other psychedelics were considered a new frontier of psychiatric study.
Um, this, I believe was the decade that time magazine did its article on, you know, these
mushrooms that make you have visions, uh, from Mexico, which ultimately kind of fucking
ruined, uh, Mexican village.
But, um, one of the major customers for LSD in 1953 was next slide.
Uh, a group called the central intelligence agency.
Um, heard of these guys.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I know these guys.
Bad things.
Um, and we're about to hear more bad things, um, because they were doing something called project
MK ultra, um, the CIA bought the world's entire supply of LSD at this time.
Um, they wanted to know if it could be used for mind control or interrogation.
How, how much was the world's entire supply?
I did not.
Either I didn't write that down or it wasn't documented.
It's more likely that I didn't write it down, but like probably enough to do that.
It was millions upon millions of people.
Um, I'm just thinking like, this is like a water bottle full.
Oh, like the world's supply of antimatter.
So we're going to speed run this part because the CIA inflicted an unbelievable amount of
psychological trauma on people.
It gave LSD without conformed consent to CIA employees, government agents, members of the
military, doctors, and civilians violating the Nuremberg code.
It gave a mental patient in Kentucky, uh, Kentucky LSD for 174 days straight.
That's too much.
Uh, more.
Fuck it.
Let's see what happens.
More than one is too much, but, um, I believe that's also how like, what, like one of the,
uh, members of Pink Floyd cracked.
His like bandmates were just slipping into his coffee every day or something.
Oh, no, don't like that.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's anecdotal.
I did not look that up and verify it.
Um, the CIA was dosing people and interrogating them for hours under bright lights.
This apparently caused multiple suicides.
They coerced heroin addicts into taking LSD from more heroin.
They dosed random people who didn't know they were being drugged.
Um, apparently unexpected acid trips have been described as an occupational hazard of working
for the CIA, uh, at the time.
Um, so someone just did it as a prank.
It's just a prank, bro.
It's just a prank.
It's just a prank, bro.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There was some bad reactions to this, um, forklift operator in the back of Langley.
It's just, uh, absolutely.
Yeah.
So one guy thought he was surrounded by monsters and sprinted across DC and fear for his life.
Um, and then there's a version of this one that's more well known, but is mischaracterized.
Um, so you guys have heard the story about a guy taking acid and jumping out of a window
to kill himself, right?
Yeah.
That's not really how it happened.
Um, so that guy was bioweapons chemist, Frank Olson, who was questioning the morality of
his work allegedly and tried to leave the CIA.
He was dosed and, you know, like not with his consent.
And then he later died from a fall out of a 13th floor window from a New York city hotel.
Nine days later, Olson supposedly had diagnosed suicidal tendencies, but his family believes he
was murdered for speaking out.
His body was exhumed in 1994 and he was found to have sustained cranial injuries before his
fall.
Um, I believe there's also records of other CIA employees being at that hotel at the time.
The family received a $750,000 settlement, which to me is sort of an admission of guilt.
More or less an admission of guilt.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So the CIA murdered a guy for feeling bad about being part of the bioweapons program.
Um, oh, and Donald, you and Cameron, uh, which is not a name I know, but might ring a bell
for somebody carry out experiments on Canadians using LSD for the CIA during this time.
Uh, the CIA eventually gave up on acid because it doesn't really work as a mind control drug.
It actually made people harder to control in some situations.
More on that in a bit.
Next slide.
That was always like, my understanding is like, okay, we're going to do, we're going to do
like, we're, we're going to break people and build them back up.
And it turns out, no, LSG just makes them weirder.
LSG.
LSG.
LCD.
Uh.
LED.
LED.
No.
Drugs you've never heard of.
We'll get to those.
Um, I've got to get that liquid crystal display.
Um, next slide.
Yes.
So, taking another big sip.
The CIA's experimentation was not really scientific.
Um, whereas the world of science.
Oh, really?
Who would have thunk it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can't imagine that.
I'm sure that's a big surprise to all of you.
Um, but the world of science outside was actually making some breakthroughs.
Because LSD caused some psychosis-like effects, scientists went looking for the chemical causes
and learned that neurotransmitters are a thing and that many mental disorders aren't psychological.
Um, LSD was at the time seen as a wonder drug that could cure anxiety, depression, OCD, alcoholism.
One setting the late 50s involved giving LSD to members of Alcoholics Anonymous who'd failed
to quit drinking.
Uh, the success rate was 50%, which sounds low, but it apparently hasn't been beaten by any
treatments since then.
That would, uh, that, that 50% is not bad at all.
I mean.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Um, I mean, personally, since taking LSD the first time I have, like, I drink much more
rarely.
I'm having a double, uh, white Russian right now, but like, I often drink less than one
day a week now.
Um, after having a fixation on craft spirits for a bit.
Anyway, that was.
Oh, that was a mistake.
Oh no.
I have a great liquor cabinet still.
I've got a fucking amazing barrel proof, uh, rye.
Um, anyway.
Um, anyway, AA founder, Bill Wilson actually wanted to introduce LSD as a stage of the recovery
plan for a bit.
Um, but the controls of these studies were not great by modern standards.
The excited research is, you know, they got carried away and they kind of skewed their
own results.
Um, a lot of psychiatrists were taking it recreationally and sharing it with friends, including next
slide.
Wait, I have a question here.
Yes.
13 normal subjects.
How normal are they?
How normal are these people?
Uh, I mean, it was like the fifties.
So like either they're hiding, not being normal or like, they're just the dullest people you've
ever met.
We've got, we got a bunch of Presbyterians in here and Protestants.
Okay.
You can give LSD to church ladies.
Here's what we found.
Uh, I spent 39 and a half million on that.
We'll touch on that in a second.
Um, not, not in that sense.
But anyway, this fucking guy, as the slide says is Harvard psychologist, Timothy Leary.
Leary was at the head of the 1960s Harvard psilocybin project where they did a lot of
experimentation with mushrooms.
He was a loose cannon to say the least.
His study finding psilocybin, uh, use reduced prisoner recidivism by 90% was later found to
be way off.
Like the real number was 2%.
Um, you talked about giving acid to church ladies.
Well, Leary's Good Friday experiment involved giving divinity students psilocybin.
Um, this has also been historically mischaracterized.
Um, the book, How to Change Your Mind by Michael Pollan has a lot of really good insight into
this era of experimentation.
Some of the students had mystical experiences, like life-changing ones, but some had serious
anxiety and one sprinted off to declare the coming of the Messiah.
Oh boy.
Um, Leary was known for being fast and loose with who he gave psilocybin and LSD to.
And this, or just missing his lectures, was why he ended up getting fired in 1963.
He went rogue and ended up getting funded, uh, by the Mellon heirs of Carnegie Mellon University
and continuing his quote research, unquote, in a mansion in Millbrook, New York.
What went down seems to be a mix of earnest, if flawed research and fuck tons of partying.
Um, good for him.
Yeah.
Well, you may not be.
That's the way to do it.
I have my psychedelic party mansion in upstate New York.
I mean, yes, but also you may not be as enthused by him in a few minutes.
Um, this guy had an appetite for media attention and he popularized the phrase, turn on, tune
in, drop out.
He tried to get an LSD classified as a sacrament, uh, for this like church of LSD or whatever
it was that didn't work out.
While all this was going on, there was more military experimentation that I want to segue
into just because it's funny.
Next slide.
So the Edgewood Arsenal experience were a fucking huge mess.
There's all sorts of unethical testing, um, with weapons.
There's a ton of lawsuits.
Just listen to the lines led by donkey's episode about how horrible what was going on.
There was that, is that Edgewood, Maryland?
I don't actually know.
I just named it.
I just know the name of the arsenal.
Okay.
I would imagine, um, Edgewood.
That's what I was doing last night.
Anyway.
Well done.
So they did some LSD experiments there though.
They were filmed and they were incredibly funny.
Um, there's footage of this one and the other one I'm about to mention there on the right.
They're available on YouTube.
You can go watch them and skip my summary.
But, um, so you've got like this drill sergeant who's trying to drill soldiers on acid and they just can't do it.
They're losing cohesion.
They're laughing their asses off.
Um, and then they switched the drill sergeant out for one who was on acid.
You know, he's just as gone as the rest of them.
Um, fucking Arlie Ermey on acid.
Oh God.
So he, he was told by the commanding officer, um, uh, he was told by the commanding officer to drill them.
And he said, quote, you want to drill?
You drill them unquote.
And they told them to leave.
And he was like, no, no, I got this.
I got this.
But he didn't.
The whole thing was a bust.
Um, it like the whole video is played off as, you know, the sort of like grim fifties or sixties.
Like, oh, don't do this.
Like, oh, look how unhappy they are.
And like, you just see dudes who look like they're a bunch of boy scouts who snuck a joint with them to camp.
Like they're having a great fucking time.
They're having fantastic time.
All time.
Yeah.
If you've done acid, I can only like demand you watch this because when you do, you're like, oh, I know where they are.
And they're having the time of their fucking lives.
Um, in 1964, the British military experimented with LSD too.
They tried doing this feel exercise, uh, field exercise, but it just fell entirely apart.
One guy had a bad trip.
He had to be taken away.
But the grass, uh, what is going on in my head?
I'm mispronouncing everything, but the rest.
LSD.
No, actually, I considered it for this episode, but like it might make reading hard.
Yeah.
But, uh, the rest just kind of gradually lost their ability to follow orders.
Uh, one guy tried to cut down a tree with a shovel and almost succeeded.
Um, another one just kind of fucks off and climbs a tree.
This footage of it, um, completely disables a military unit.
Um, so clearly LSD has no potential military application.
And this seems to be about the end of the line for experimentation for it there.
What's your major malfunction, private?
Sutter bad trip, sir.
Just take your standard issues Xanax.
Yeah.
So LSD is also about to have some trouble in the civilian world.
Next slide.
I'm going to take another big sip.
So Devin's going to have to edit this out.
I also took that opportunity to have another big sip of the yards.
Very mega Imperial IPA.
Hmm.
Well done.
Yeah.
I did not have any taste for IPAs until I moved to the Northwest and now it just feels
kind of appropriate.
Yeah.
I mean, I, uh, uh, I think, um, probably with IPAs is they all got the same, you know,
once they started doing the hazy bullshit.
This is a non hazy IPA, which I like.
They all kind of taste like earwax.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I say that derogatively, but like also, yeah.
Well, I like, well, I mean,
also I'm probably going to have one at some point, not today, but I will.
Um, so Leary up there in the top left, um, he was gaining profile this whole time as a
champion and distributor of LSD in 1964.
He married Uma Thurman's mom who divorced him a year later.
Uh, 1965 was when psychedelics started getting pretty ubiquitous in American counterculture.
The Beatles did LSD for the first time that year.
Um, I have a note that says we should make all boy bands do LSD.
I probably would make them better.
Yeah.
I mean, if you could get like the, the Jonas brothers, um, like acid or like, I don't know
any other.
Like NSYNC, uh, BTS.
Who, who, who's like contemporary right now?
Like K-pop bands, bring out, give them all acid.
Bring back one direction.
Yeah.
Bring back one direction just to give them LSD action.
Yeah.
Several directions.
Directions you've never heard of.
Gone from one direction to several vector quantities.
Uh, going our own way.
And it's just like a trippy cover of Fleetwood Mac.
So we know, we all know they deal with hippies and dead heads, but rather than just throw
out stereotypes, I want to quote a passage from, uh, how to change your mind again.
Quote Hoffman also came to regard the youth's culture.
God, wow.
I'm fucking this up.
The youth culture's adoption of LSD in the 1960s as an understandable response to the
emptiness of what he described as a materialist, industrialized, and spiritually impoverished
society that had lost connection to nature.
Unquote.
No, no, no one can appreciate the great society.
I mean, I, I was just sort of gonna, okay.
I'll just say it.
Capitalism.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're building you the Washington Metro.
What more do you want?
Look, it's brown.
Okay.
Speaking of brown and of public, uh, transit architecture, the fucking DIA redesign is
terrible.
I grew up going through that airport going, wow, this is kind of a weirdly ugly building,
but I fuck with it.
You know, it's got this like mishmash of like, what is it?
Granite or whatever.
Which DIA are we talking about?
Denver International Airport.
Denver International.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, are they, are they doing something new?
That's a conspiracy.
They are Lucifer.
Okay.
As, as somebody who doesn't actually know what this means, because I only listened to
the audio of the Calatrava episode, like it's becoming like every single other international
airport out there.
It's just now this massive white and windows and boring.
Oh yeah.
Airport architecture has gone way downhill.
And like the past like 40 years.
Yeah.
It's this like disastrously weird, like eighties time capsule.
And they're just taking all the character out of it.
Um, anyway, no, no, no, no.
You're never going to get Aerosiren and back to do like a Dulles International Airport terminal
or something like that.
You know, give me brushed aluminum or give me death.
I was all excited to fly out of, uh, what Lambert in St. Louis.
And it's like, no, you're coming out of terminal too.
Cause you're flying, uh, Southwest.
You're not going to see the nice, uh, modernist, uh, Yamasaki terminal.
You're going to fly out of schlock.
You deserve nothing and you'll get nothing.
So in 1966, the FDA starts pushing back against LSD by sending letters to 2000 universities,
warning of its supposed dangers.
Sandoz stops making the stuff.
Leary told Playboy he had quote, cured unquote, a lesbian with LSD.
Oh boy.
He later recanted this.
So I don't think that that's how that works.
No, that does.
If anything, you're going to make a more lesbian.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm all for that.
Turbo lesbian.
He, so Leary ran for office and John Lennon wrote him a campaign jingle.
This was later turned into the song come together.
All this is getting LSD, some pretty bad press.
So despite the medical world still seeing promise, you've got a public that's rapidly
turning against it.
Next slide.
Oh my God.
People are enjoying themselves.
We can't have this.
Not in a Puritan society.
No.
So throughout the early sixties, there's this gradual emphasis in the mass media about negatives
of LSD.
I say mass media because I think there is a distinction there between mass media and mainstream media.
But that's a diatribe for another time.
Yeah.
Yeah.
About the negatives of LSD.
Yeah.
About the negatives of LSD.
Most of them were outright fabrications or mischaracterizations of things that actually
happened.
There were stories of students trying to eat the bark off trees.
He's a guy who thought he was an orange and didn't want people near him because they thought
they'd juice him.
That it gets stuck in your spine and you have a trip every time you crack your back.
I heard that one growing up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Harvard even disseminated disinformation packets calling it, quote, drug roulette, unquote,
that could cause psychotic breakdown.
On October 6th of, I did not write what year that was.
Goddamn.
It must be 1966 because that's the last one I put down.
President Lyndon Baines Jumbo is what I wrote.
Jumbo.
Lyndon Baines Jumbo.
Okay.
He's thrilled at his grave.
I'll tell you that right now.
I forgot writing that and so I just threw myself up.
October 6th of, yeah, I might have that year entirely wrong.
October 6th of some year in the second half of the 60s.
Jumbo signs a ban on LSD.
Yeah, he just.
He docked the pen in and signed it.
You don't appreciate the Great Society?
No more LSD.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You get all you're getting is nice metro systems in several US cities and the Vietnam War.
So this didn't eliminate production of LSD.
It mostly just forced it underground.
Ironically, of all the people that have fanned LSD, the New York Times outright called the backlash a panic and criticized Sandoz for discontinuing it.
Which is funny given the coverage we see on screen right here.
Yes.
Which is because I don't think I actually wrote it in the notes for audio only people.
It's stuff basically comparing LSD to thalidomide, which caused birth defects.
Because it was like, I believe it was a, just like to suppress the kind of nausea that you feel during pregnancy.
Thalidomide is, that should be an episode we do at some point.
Oh, yeah.
So it would remind me to put that on the spreadsheet at the end of the episode.
I gotcha.
Because that's a, that was a nasty thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I knew somebody actually, one of my mom's friends was a thalidomide affected, you know, individual and her hands kind of looked like hooves.
She was like a very intelligent and interesting person.
But yeah, that's just an example.
So in 1966, the head of the FDA went on record stating that he disagreed with LSD's criminalization.
But that year, the Bureau of Drug Abuse Control, a predecessor of the DEA, opened its files to reporters and local police departments followed suit.
The propaganda machine went brrrr and the moral panic intensified.
This was the time that we got that rumor of LSD scrambling your chromosomes, which isn't true, but the damage was done.
LSD was given the Schedule 1 status in 1970, meaning no mediscal or therapeutical value, no experimentation.
Banning further research.
Before I move past 1970, I want to at least bring up Doc Ellis, no hitter, which.
Yes, please.
I mean, so the apocryphal story is that Doc Ellis, who was he a pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates?
I think that's.
Yes, he was.
Thank you.
See, this is the value of having people in Philly.
Allegedly, Doc Ellis, who was on a hell of a lot of drugs at the time, pitched a MLB no hitter while on acid.
If you ask the guy himself, he's actually not sure because he was on a lot of stuff.
And it's kind of a lot of stuff on the.
Yeah.
I had to do a specific combination of drugs to pitch a no hitter.
I mean, like I once rode my bike while like on a microdose and I was like, I can see the ideal racing line.
So I think it's kind of like feasible.
But part of why it stuck around is because his name abbreviated is Ellis D.
He's also become kind of a an anti drug guy since.
Yeah.
I mean, he doesn't want anyone else to pitch a no hitter.
Well, it's a bit too late.
Yeah.
Although I guess he did curse Dave Steve.
No.
So there is this notion out there that LSD was banned as part of a targeted crackdown against anti war efforts.
And actually, until I researched this episode, I believe that.
But it really just seems to be down to the moral panic.
Jailing political dissidents would have only been a side benefit to the people who were pushing the crackdown.
But that's not to say that LSD doesn't have its risks.
Next slide.
Yeah.
Seriously, do not fucking take blotter paper with Rick and Morty on it.
No, it seems bad.
Looking at that, I'm like, what is that spiked with?
Because, you know, you know who that's for.
I'm confused here.
How does blotter paper work?
Do you lick it or do you like?
Okay.
So blotter paper, you get like somebody has a dropper and it's got a solution of LSD or something else.
You don't actually know unless you test it.
But we'll get to that because there's a whole last slide on that in a bit.
But it's just a dropper with a sort of specified amount.
You put the blotter paper in your mouth and actually it's better to swallow it and we'll get to why.
Couldn't you put it on like a graham cracker or something then?
Come on.
Maybe, but like what if there's something in the graham cracker that could interact with the LSD and neutralize the drug?
I don't know that, but I believe that's one of the considerations.
I've had it on a sweet tart before, which I mean, it's not destroyed by stomach acid.
So I could be, you know, I could be entirely wrong, but anyway, LSD on its own is not a dangerous drug.
Nobody has ever died from taking too much.
There was one case of somebody taking 175 milligrams, which is about a thousand times the dose that you would take for a significant trip.
They ended up being okay.
Like the symptoms were pretty bad and I think they needed to be like monitored in the hospital for a while, but they were okay.
Physiologically fine.
It's just the brain is working overtime.
It's scrambled.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'd imagine you don't sleep for days on that kind of dose.
But LSD like marijuana, it can awaken late mental illness.
If you have a family history of schizophrenia, it might bring it on sooner than it would have otherwise manifested.
Bad trips are real.
They're preventable, but they do happen.
And sometimes people's mental health suffers for a long time because of them.
So much so that some people have committed suicide.
Wow.
There are some risky to unpleasant to downright bad combinations like LSD and weed together is not generally advised.
They can both make you anxious and, you know, that can just kind of potentiate.
I once smoked a lot of weed on a day I was microdosing.
It was not pleasant.
All I can really characterize it as is kind of like mutant weed.
And, you know, some people are okay with the combo, but like I am prone to anxiety.
So not for me.
Also, you can die by accident if you take LSD with SSRI antidepressants.
It can cause serotonin syndrome, which can be fatal.
Another way to die.
You also die by doing something stupid while on LSD.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
There are stories of people wandering into traffic and stuff.
So, you know, the saying goes, satin setting.
Your mindset and where you are.
You have to be very careful about your environment when you take LSD.
Another way you can hurt yourself is by not testing your drugs.
Next slide.
I'm half sure that there was another photo in there, but I could be wrong.
I think there was.
Let me check.
When I put this in PowerPoint, it sometimes does that.
It's annoying.
It's just a picture of a molecule.
So it's not crucial.
But prohibition, as it does, brought about the rise of underground production and designer
drug analogs.
You wouldn't find people making as much fake acid if the real thing was legal.
It's just a fact.
Some of these include 1B LSD.
A-L-D-52.
Something called ETHLAD.
1P LSD, which I have used.
It has been found in a clinical trial to be indistinguishable.
Some think it's a pro-drug that becomes LSD in your body.
Less potent, maybe less euphoric.
So basically just dollar store acid.
So some of these are legal in some places.
Most of them seem to be as safe as LSD.
One of them isn't.
25I NBOME, also known as NBOM.
So never drop either of those.
It's often sold as LSD, but it's toxic.
At least 19 people in the United States have died from it and some more abroad.
It's not as easily absorbed as LSD.
So there's a saying, if it's bitter, it's a spitter.
And that's why we mentioned earlier, if you do have blotter paper, swallow it.
25I NBOME is apparently destroyed in the stomach.
So it just comes down to a safety precaution at that point.
Of course, it's much better to just simply test your drugs.
This slide has a picture of something called the Ehrlich reagent,
which is a way of basically making sure that you're not getting NBOME.
It doesn't tell you for sure that you're getting real acid.
It doesn't tell you if you're getting acid or 1Z LSD or whatever,
but it will tell you if it's unsafe.
And it's generally recommended that you use multiple reagents to just be certain.
And, you know, these days, sometimes it's even worthwhile to do fentanyl strip testing.
Everything's got fentanyl in it.
Yes.
We're going to put fentanyl in like fucking flour next.
Oh, yeah.
No, I mean, I live in Portland and fentanyl spiked in random shit is kind of a significant problem here.
You don't have to get, you know, to the point where you're tasting your tabs to see if they're unsafe.
Just test your shit.
The reagent kits are available online.
Actually, funny enough, buying the air electric reagent off of Amazon, which you can do, was how my dad found out I was doing acid.
Because he's like, oh, what's this in purchase history?
He Googled it and he's like, oh, well, I guess he's getting around to what I did when I was young.
Yeah.
No, my dad like told me trip stories.
Fortunately, when I became an adult and they kind of made me interested, but, you know, still apprehensive.
He has some really, I mean, the tricky thing with trip stories is that like they are unbelievably profound and sometimes life changing to go through and they don't actually make for very good stories.
That makes sense.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Most of them don't, although he did have.
Okay.
I do want to segue into two anecdotes.
These are neither of these are LSD.
These are both mushrooms, but he did a fuck ton of mushrooms and rode a canoe down a river in Wisconsin with his brother.
That sounds like fun.
They did so much that like he sort of saw a rooster in the clouds just kind of like leaning down and pecking at him.
And also apparently his like his he had this weird dialogue between his brain and his body of his body's going, okay, we're going to row to the shore because you're going to throw up.
And his brain's going, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Let's not do that.
And the brain's going, no, we're going over here.
And sure enough, his body rode to the shore on its own and he threw up.
And on another, actually, no, the other anecdotes kind of too long to really go through because there's a lot of context and it's a little bit sad, but also just kind of one of those weird borderline spiritual experiences that makes you.
Yeah.
So basically this shit can make you a little bit.
There's a word called woke that we'll return to.
I don't believe it's etymologically related to the word woke.
I think they're completely different, but we'll kind of get into that.
This is not the end of the story for LSD.
Next slide.
By 1980, nobody was clinically experimenting with LSD anywhere on the planet.
But in the early 2000s, interest was starting to return with MRI and PET scanning, helping us understand more about the brain.
At this point, Albert Hoffman was still alive.
And by all accounts, he was still in good shape mentally and physically until a heart attack at 102 years old, as Liam said earlier.
Wow.
He lived long enough to see the foundation for LSD's scientific comeback start again.
In 2012, a meta-analysis found LSD significantly benefited alcoholics for up to six months, though the benefits tapered off by about a year.
In 2014, a study found that LSD can improve the mental health of people undergoing treatment for life-threatening illnesses.
A similar study has also found that hospice patients are less afraid or anxious of death after using mushrooms.
In 2017, the University of Birmingham found in a study that psychedelic use correlated with reduced rates of criminal behavior, while conventional drugs were associated with increased rates.
Multiple studies since 2017 have suggested a decrease in anxiety, including anxiety about death in terminal patients.
There are also a few suggesting it may help with chronic pain, like rheumatoid arthritis or cluster headaches.
There's a lot of interest in LSD's use in psychotherapy, in part because two studies since 2018 have shown it's a potent psychoplastogen.
That increases neuroplasticity, basically the brain's ability to rewire itself.
Anecdotally, I think all psychedelics are capable of this.
I've had some experiences with LSD and its analogs that aren't clinical that I guess I'll touch on in a bit.
We'll also need to talk about the downside about renewed interest in psychedelics.
Next slide.
I mean, this is like the thing about like, you know, a lot of these, the entire like drug scheduling system is just someone said, nope, no clinical usage.
And it's like, well, actually, no, these things actually seem to be very effective in quite a lot of ways.
It's just, it's just illegal to do research, you know, especially like, you know, psychedelics, which are some of the safest and least addictive drugs out there.
Yeah.
You know, and it's like, well, we can't have this because of fuck you.
There's probably a whole separate diatribe to go on to about why they're illegal.
And I would probably get stuff wrong, but next.
Yeah.
So I don't really know what to say here, but taking psychedelics do not make you smarter or a decent human being or enlightened or any of that shit.
Um, we say this because audio people on screen is a picture of Aaron Rogers, um, Elon Musk, Joe Rogan, and that guy they call QN on shaman from the January 6th insurrection.
These are all dipshit psychedelic users.
Elon Musk is allegedly a ketamine addict.
I, I mean, sometimes people's egos just grow unchecked after they've done psychedelics.
You know, some people who are traumatized, uh, find healing in them.
And some people who don't really deserve security they find, um, you know, just remain comfortable.
I, I think there's this sort of belief by this kind of person that their counterculture, um, doing psychedelics does not make you counterculture.
You know, there are, there are leftists who do them.
There are crazy right-wingers who do them.
Like we see this, there are neoliberal rats who do them as well.
I mean, Silicon Valley has always been a hotbed of psychedelic culture.
Um, like to do like, uh, micro dosing and then they go to work and then, you know, yeah.
And it's like, this increases productivity, which is-
Find new ways to lay off 30,000 people.
Yeah.
So actually micro dosing was on the, uh, on the docket for this slide.
Uh, micro dosing for those who aren't aware is taking a very small sub perceptual dose to increase focus or creativity, or as you said, productivity.
There are some, uh, some studies showing it doesn't work and it's mainly that you're getting a placebo, but I kind of disagree.
There is this regimen that people sometimes do of once every three days, um, supposedly is good for your mental health and for a bunch of other stuff in your life.
I think that's too frequent and I think that it can help you.
Um, but I think if you try to do it every three days or whatever, you are just going to make it ineffective.
You know, you're going to build the tolerance.
It feels like it's counter to the spirit of the thing.
It is.
Um, I, so like I write for a living and there are times I, because this is a bonus episode.
I mean, well, I've, I've written about using psychedelics while writing about cars.
Um, I do not do drugs and drive obviously, but you know, like there have been times where I think I have been more creative, uh, creative and a better writer because I have micro dosed.
Um, but it, you can't force it every time.
Um, it's like, uh, it's like what Hemingway said, uh, right drunk, edit sober.
I have that as a fucking magnet on my fridge.
I think my dad bought it for me.
Um, yeah, there, there's okay.
So I mentioned the, the Wook thing earlier.
I don't actually know the etymology of it, but I believe it's completely unrelated to the word woke, but a Wook is this kind of crunchy, weird, mystical person who, you know, gets involved in psychedelics and starts, you know, going kind of mystical.
And, you know, maybe it's kind of a hippie sort of thing, you know, maybe they talk about, oh, like it's a natural way of things or all that.
Um, but there is a pipeline from that to kind of, you know, reactionary right wing shit.
I don't know if it's belief in like mysticism that connects them.
Um, it might also just kind of be a boomer thing because I've known people who are like otherwise very, you know, hippie crystal type people who are also like kind of far right.
Um, and unfortunately I'm, I'm just sort of worried that like psychedelics will become associated with these kinds of people like we have on screen or again, the neoliberals of Silicon Valley.
It's like, are they doing damage and new to the reputation of this class of drugs?
And I don't really have an answer to that.
Yeah.
I mean, it feels like, you know, everyone of certain, you know, generations sort of, you know, form this weird, it's California brain is what it comes right down to it.
People get California brain and then they're irrecoverable.
It has nothing to do with the drugs.
It has to do with living in a Mediterranean climate.
Uh, and, um, you know, take using enormous amounts of water to at great expense to grow alfalfa.
Um, it has to do with, uh, that, I don't know, uh, something about zoning.
It's all zoning and preserving the character of your neighborhood.
You've never seen a two story building cause you live in Palo Alto.
You microdose LSD.
You go to your software job and you know, uh, make $9 million stripping the earth of its resources.
Yeah.
But you still can't afford your house.
Yeah.
You live in a pod.
Yeah.
You live in like one of those illegal, like double bunk capsule house things.
Oh, those things.
Yeah.
Which some, well, obviously are against zoning code.
You live in a illegal flop house.
So next slide.
And this is the last slide.
We've gotten here way faster than I thought.
Um, so this is just kind of what's LSD actually like.
Um, and I guess I'll, I'll put it to the panel.
Um, who here has actually done, or is willing to admit to actually doing LSD.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
I've only done mushrooms.
I've never done LSD.
Um, so the preamble is going to be psychedelics are highly suggestible.
Everyone reacts differently.
Experiences could be completely different.
Each time you dose, um, described as ineffable LSD, however, past returns are not indicative
of future performance.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Um, however, LSD is widely considered one of the more predictable ones.
Like you take it one time and you probably know how you're going to react the next time.
Um, so I'm going to kind of just invite an open.
One thing about like what the experience is like, I guess that's going to sort of be between
me and Liam.
Um, so like when I dose, it usually takes about 20 minutes or so before I just kind of start
feeling a little weird.
Um, these edibles ain't shit.
Um, it's been, it's been a long time since I have used LSD.
I used LSD last in college.
Yeah.
So I, I am many years out of college.
I haven't touched it in two and a half years plus now at this point, because I just haven't
felt the need.
Uh, and that's very common when you have psychedelic trips, you know, instead of, you know, again,
like a beer, you're like, Oh, that was fun.
I'm going to do that again tomorrow night.
No, you feel sated.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're like, no, I'm good.
Um, which is part of why, you know, the whole schedule one and addiction thing is bullshit
because like, uh, I also lasted mushrooms like nine months ago and I'm only starting
to consider it again.
Yeah.
That, that, that was also my experience with mushrooms.
This is like, well, you know, I've had them.
I don't need them again for a long time.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, I will say the, um, I was in a location where the Aurora was visible last night and
I did take a, uh, a pen with a certain substance in it up there that was not weed.
And, uh, you know, watching the Aurora with my entire soul was, uh, it's a very deeply felt
experience, but anyway, um, sky was just gray here.
Yeah, no, actually like all I was like, I went outside at like 10 30 at night after watching
twister.
Um, uh, and I was like, huh, there's just a lot of light pollution, isn't there?
Uh, cause I don't see shit.
And then I was like, wait, there's a lot more light pollution than normal.
Right.
And it turned out just the Aurora was fucking everywhere and it was pretty faint, but it
came through great on my phone camera.
Um, yeah.
So anyway, back to what it's like to take acid.
Um, yeah.
Like when I say a bit strange, it's cause it's, it's really hard to put your finger on, but
like it's this sort of, you know, feeling of it's, it's somewhere between
apprehension and excitement.
Um, it's kind of like what you feel like at the top when you've been waiting for like
a movie all day or like what I have, this better not suck.
Yeah.
That's, that's a better way to put it than what I wrote, which is like when you're at
the top of a roller coaster and about to go down.
Um, yeah, no, it's more like, it's more like what you said.
I, I get this flickering around the edges of my vision.
Um, and there's like this weird ticklish feeling like that's often like in my cheek muscles
and in my brain.
Yep.
And like the only thing you can do about it is smile.
Um, cause at this point you're just sort of like, Oh, holy shit is coming on.
Um, maybe an hour in or so it's been a while.
So I don't actually remember.
I, I might start to get my visuals if I'm on a dose enough for that.
Um, one of the first things I notice is like, you know, like a swimming pool with nobody in
it.
Like it does that sort of faint wavering thing.
Right.
Um, the floor will do that.
Uh, and it's pretty cool.
Um, well, you should get someone to look at that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's water damage.
Yeah.
Well, that's landlord's problem.
Not mine.
That's a good point.
That's a good point.
Fuck them.
Um, yeah.
Like eventually like things around you will like have these geometric fractal patterns
that might kind of like flow into each other.
You might get some like false colors.
Um, this does some fucked up stuff to faces.
Um, and like, again, because like you feel like your brain's being tickled.
This is all very funny.
Um, I would probably start yelling at stuff.
Not in like a, yeah, I would, I would be like, well, that that's not practical.
What the fuck are you doing?
You just looking at a bridge going, this is not OSHA.
Yeah.
Or like a fucking, or like a fucking dresser.
I'd be like, you can't open this.
There's a fractal in the way.
See now, now I think somebody should, uh, find a way to give you access to acid.
Um, no, that'd be very funny.
Just like, okay.
Bonus episode is like everybody on, well, there's your problem does acid and like just records
for 12 hours and you guys just have a highlight reel.
That would, that would be extremely funny.
And I feel like, I don't know, we'd, we'd somehow wind up in prison for it.
We would.
We would.
Well, no, all you have to do is say, um, we are not doing acid in Minecraft as the, uh,
Oh yeah.
The title.
Yeah.
That, that would work flawlessly.
Yes.
Um, I, so I mentioned faces.
Um, don't look in the mirror.
Um, some people say do look in the mirror.
Um, I, no, don't do it.
I like, I did.
And like, I saw how much of like my grandfather's genes I got.
Like I spotted a bunch of facial features that I'd never had before.
And it was, it was kind of unsettling.
Um, I think, unfortunately I have kind of a high tolerance.
I have not experienced ego death through acid, um, even on 500 micrograms of one PLSD.
Some people do on just like 100.
Um, I did once depersonalize on mushrooms and it was like, it's like the not fun version
of ego death, I guess.
Not that ego death is fun.
Some people find it pretty unpleasant, but like, it's just kind of like this, huh, I don't
have access to what I consider myself.
Um, yeah, it's, it's not that interesting.
It's not a fun way to be at a party.
Um, in all, I mean like the peak lasts, like it's a few hours, like two to four, depending
on the dose maybe, but the come down takes a really long time.
Um, the last time I did it, I think I dosed at like 9am.
Um, and I wasn't able to sleep until like 3am.
Um, and actually all the photos on the slide right now are from that day, except for the
screen cap in the top, right.
Um, somebody else took that, but it was like 1am and I was like, you know what?
I'm just going to go play the library and Halo Combat Evolved because I feel like it,
which is funny because like, that's one of the most hated missions in the series.
Yeah.
Also like that, that's like Eritrean food.
I don't even know what that is.
Um, but I chose a weirdly porous food to eat that day.
That's what I was.
I was like, yeah, this looks like I thought it was Ethiopia.
I think they're very similar cuisines, Ethiopian, Eritrean.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was like Eritrea slash Ethiopian cuisine.
Um, and I built the entire Lego Saturn five, which is like, I don't know.
Well done.
Horrible.
This horrible schedule one drug that makes you play with Lego and eat delicious Eritrean
food and play Halo.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And play Halo.
Yeah.
Like I, I ended up like staying up to like 3am.
Um, I, I think I found the meaning of life, which sounds arrogant as fuck, but it's also
like really like underwhelming.
Um, so I know that that's, that's, that's a very funny sentence, isn't it?
It's like, oh, the meaning of life is so underwhelming.
Um, playing with Lego.
I mean, uh, actually thank God for the Danes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Kind of.
Um, because I mean like the reason why we continue to live boils down to us either kind
of just doing shit for the sake of doing it or like sitting there and going, damn, look
at that.
Um, that makes sense.
Yeah.
That's how I think of it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's about right.
So just like life is just about, you know, vibing.
Um, like it, the come down also puts you in this really interesting.
Headspace that I would kind of describe as peeling back the layers of abstraction from
the world.
Um, like an ogre.
Maybe, maybe, um, the Shrek references are just kind of bookending the podcast.
Um, I, I was a, like, I've been able to get some useful perspective on like the way I
have been living my life.
Um, at that time of my last acid trip, I was sort of not letting myself enjoy things because
I felt like I wasn't doing enough, you know, not being productive enough, you know, not
being really on top of my life.
And then I was like, no, actually, um, I'm allowed to enjoy being alive.
Um, yeah.
And a couple of years previous, my first ever acid trip made me kind of synthesized what
I had learned in an ethics class in community college, which was taught by an anthropology
professor.
So, you know, it was, it was very grounded in like the real world.
And so I had this, this understanding of like the ways I am connected to, you know, people
across the world and how fragile and exploitative, like my standard of living was.
And funny enough, a combination of acid and, you know, an ethics class were what moved my
politics way to the left.
Cause I was probably a live before that.
Um, yeah, I mean, this is the last slide.
I, my, my sort of take on psychedelics as a whole is that they have the potential to
do good for people.
They have a potential to do harm.
You need to know, you have to treat them carefully.
You have to go into them with a sort of intent.
Um, but you also need to be able to go with the flow and not try to hold on to the experience.
Um, you just sometimes have to surrender to it and accept that you're on the ride.
Got to use recreational drugs responsibly.
Mm-hmm.
Yes.
Yeah.
You do have to do that.
Believe it or not.
Um, you can't, yeah.
Like with micro dosing, I think personally that it can have an effect, but it's not coffee
and you can't treat it like it.
You can't do it all the time and expect it to have an effect.
Um, and again, psychedelics are not something you want to do all the time or even often.
Like.
Well, this is, this is the thing that really always got me about this is psychedelics are not
like addictive in the way that, you know, other recreational drugs are.
You, you do it once and you're like, well, I don't need to do that for a long time.
Yeah.
Um, for the most part.
People do use them quite a lot, but it's not like, as far as I know, the same like physiological
addiction that like say alcohol is.
Yeah.
Or heroin or, you know.
Yeah.
Pick your poison.
A psychological addiction.
You might say, which sometimes has been associated with, uh, with weed.
And I think is a possibility with ketamine.
I mean, I've also been through like clinical ketamine therapy and I have sometimes noticed
there is this phenomena and I don't know if there's much clinical literature on it, but
sometimes people will sort of, they will think of the drug as being the ticket to change in
their life.
And if you are approaching it like, oh, the drug is going to fix everything.
You're not taking accountability and taking the drug will show you again that you're not
taking accountability and it'll just kind of be a harsh wake up.
Um, cause in general, and this is not completely accurate, but I would say instead of suppressing
reality and kind of making it fit a more comfortable mold, the way say alcohol might, um, psychedelics
can sort of intensify reality.
Um, and so the things that you're trying not to think about will just become more obvious.
Um, again, like I did more mushrooms than I ever had in my life once while I like this
warehouse party where I knew nobody.
And I went from alone with my thoughts in public to alone with my thoughts in public in HD,
which was not fun.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
So yeah, that's the, uh, that's the advice.
It's set and setting as they say, um, take care of your attitude going into it and take
care of where you are, who you're with.
Um, and you'll maximize your chances at having a good experience.
So anyway, kids don't do drugs.
Um, or be responsible.
If you're, if you're, um, if you, if you are, uh, a kid listening to this, um, how did
you get your parents' credit card?
Uh, give us your parents' credit card.
Exactly.
It's on the, the numbers are on the back.
Now you can send them and write them in the comments.
Um, don't forget the, they forget the three, three, uh, number code.
They've probably already used that credit card.
If they're listening to this, if not, I mean, um, that's piracy and piracy is not a victimless
crime as we all know from those DVD.
That's a good point.
It's not like you can, um, just go into the unlisted YouTube, uh, website and just find
all our bonus episodes immediately.
I thought this was going to be way longer.
Like the episode notes on this were like 60% longer than the plowshare episode.
And this one's coming out to half the length.
I was about to say, well, you know, uh, such as what happens when November is indisposed
going to a future bonus live show.
I believe.
Oh, yes.
Okay.
Um, Devin just edit in Alice or sorry, November's reactions.
Okay.
I need to get that right.
Just, just have a virtual reactions.
And we need, uh, November V tuber in the corner.
Yeah.
The whole way live react to us.
Yeah.
There was an invitation extended to Victoria, but it was on such notice a short notice on
my part that it's not her fault for not seeing my text.
Don't worry about it.
It was a fucking Aurora last night and everybody was looking at it.
Everyone was up way late.
Yeah.
I thought there was going to be a Carrington event.
I was like looking for the fire extinguishers.
You are amazing.
Yeah.
All right.
We good.
Yeah.
I think that it was a bonus episode.
All right.
Thanks.
James for coming on.
The people want more James.
Do you want them to find more James?
Sure.
Instagram.
James Gilboy.
Nobody goes to that Twitter website, whatever the fuck they call it these days.
I mean, you can follow me there, but I'm a bad poster.
Um, you won't be entertained.
I'm going to have to, I'm going to have to like record like, uh, uh, a dial, like a, a,
a voiceover for the, for the bonus episode preview.
Cause the algorithm is going to hate this so much.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's why it's a bonus episode.
That's true.
That's a bonus episode.
All right.
Cool.
Thanks guys.
All right.
Good afternoon, everyone.
Or good morning.
It's 10 30.
Good morning.
Yes.
All right.
That was podcast.
Boom.
Done.
