 Hello and welcome to Britainology, the podcast about Britain and why it is like that. I'm Milo Edwards, someone who's lived in Britain my entire life, and I'm joined as ever by my co-host, Nabeith A. Hello. Yeah, not in Britain, but I'm going to be in Britain this weekend, and I've heard it's apparently really cold right now. It is. It's fucking freezing. I was checking some stuff, and for some reason, it still had my location set to London, and it said it was 2 Celsius, and I was just like, that's abnormal. That's unreasonable for November. I mean, I guess, Northern Hemisphere, but that just doesn't... Maybe we're experiencing nuclear winter. Yeah, exactly. It's the opposite of the joke about everyone else was normal and children of men, and Britain just chose to be that way. The world's actually ended, but in Britain, you can't tell the difference. So no one's even aware that it's happened. And we are joined this week by a very special guest all the way from Liverpool. It's Jamie Allerton. Hello, gents. How are we doing? It's great. It's a pleasure to have you, mate. Yeah, but just to talk about this hilarious film. Yeah, it's very... Yeah, a rip-roaring laugh. It was actually marketed as a romantic comedy in the North. I mentioned it on our episode about Fred Dibna. I made the kind of offhanded joke that watching the scenes of Bolton in 1979, I was like, I didn't realize that in terms of decor and outfits and whatnot, Threads was just a documentary. And this led to a suggestion from a fan that we should watch Threads. And I'd seen it before, but I saw it in college when people were like, probably 20 years ago, people were like, oh, it was this crazy cult movie from the 80s. And I was about 19. I watched it on a 240p quick time window on my laptop. And I was like, oh, wow, that's cool. That's messed up. It was actually being upscaled to 240p. The original is in glorious 144. I can't really understand much of what's being said because I didn't have much familiarity with Northern accents. And watching it now, I was just like, uh, we'll get to it. But I took notes through the first, let's say, third of this. And then by the end, I'm starting to write, yeah, I'm kind of losing the urge to joke here is what I wrote down in my book because it's just like, I didn't, I guess I didn't recall how grim this film is. Well, I made a note of the, there's a guy taking a shit when the nuke hits and I was like, okay, that's at least there's that, that's like the funny part. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The bomb's been dropped and there's a man in there just being like, bloody hell, they've done it. And it's just like fucking representation is so important. Yeah. It's a, it's very funny. Like I always think if you're having like a really difficult shit is taking a direct hit from a nuclear bomb, is, is that the worst or the best thing that can happen to you? Is it kind of a relief? Cause you're just like vaporized and that shit is no longer your problem or is it adding insult to injury? Well, it's actually kind of like a, I feel like you, in a way it's sort of a bit of emotional relief because you've now externalized what's happening to you internally. The entire world is experiencing it as well. Or you're just like, did I do that? Well, you can go downstairs and be like, Oh, that's fallout is fallout's made me shit my pants. Yeah. Can't be helped. You know, what are you going to do? I've got rapid onset radiation poisoning. What world's ending at? It hasn't hit yet. Oh, well. The communists want you to get more fiber in your diet, but yeah, I did. There was something, it was funny that you said that you were the first time you watched it, you were struggling with the kind of like the Northern vernacular in it because there was points where I was watching it and I was like, they've got to be, they've got to be having this. Like there were bits where it's like, a nuclear war, but what about me Kestrel? And I'm like, come on, come on. Is this supposed to be Sheffield in 1890? What's going on? Well, this was the writer of Kez, wasn't it? Who did this? So I was expecting more bird play. I didn't know this. I didn't know that he was also responsible for Kez. I was thinking about this, that watching this in the very beginning where they're in the blue four. So basically this is a film, you understand what you're getting into in terms of you've seen the promo material about it, but the way the film opens is basically it's sort of like Lover's Lane overwatches Sheffield, a young couple in a blue Ford Cortina. My notes are... They're at Sheffield's version of Makeout Point, which is like you're looking over various chimneys belching smoke and what have you. I guess Finger Valley it'd be. As I wrote, I said... Well, you're looking down on Finger Valley. I took a note here. I said there's a kind of narrative continuity. If you're conceived in a Ford, you'll be born in a Ford and you'll also die in a Ford, but not in the nuclear war, but rather in a dogging accident. Sorry. Yeah. All I can think of is, you know, that car, the car used in the film probably wound up in a dogging site. Like when they were done shooting threads, they sold it or the production got rid of it or the guy who lent it to them took it back. And, you know, all these things are just eternally occurring in Britain. Say what you will about nuclear fallout. It ruined dogging. Or it made it... People were less inhibited. They were just like, whatever. Normally I would be ashamed of having these weird blemishes, but now it's like everyone's got them. Yeah, but you can't really hold on to someone while your arm falls off, can you? Yeah. I mean, I suppose also like dogging might go down the list of, or rather higher up on the list of your hierarchy of needs when you're going to the, you're effectively what Pierce was suggesting to selling sex to a sort of like post-apocalypse spiv who's got a bag full of frozen rats. I have got this as a question as how many rats would you swap your body for sex for? Because I think she gets like four. She gets like, yeah, easily like three or four of them. It's not a bad deal. At first I thought they were rabbits. I'm like, oh no, that man's selling rats. Rabbits are a tear up. You got to be with an agency for that. Bull hole rats. That means he's been out like rat hunting and he's got three and he's been like, do you know what though? That won't get me like the best girls on the block. I need one more and then I can go to market. Yeah. In the, in the, uh, in the old fold, like the fold up LCD battery video game version of like those weird Instagram games you get advertised to you. He's only at like level 99, level two post-apocalypse spiff. Like you have to advance up to the point where you can, you know, you've got, you've somehow got a roast turkey in Sheffield post-apocalypse. It doesn't have radiation poisoning somehow. Yeah. One woman is trapped in, in like this room and there's like another room that has all this like nuclear fallout in it. And you've got to pull these big gold keys out to try and like save the damsel without exposing her to the radioactive fallout. But it's, it's not clear how you do that. It's basically a rebranded British version of the showering with your dad simulator game, which I don't know if you're familiar. Excuse me. It's like the simulator. I did it in real life. It's like one of those pixel art games that was you playable online. Maybe it was like from the flash era. I can't remember, but effectively it's sort of like a quick moving, sort of like Frogger game. We have to get across the public shower to shower with your dad. But if you accidentally shower with someone else's dad, then it's game over. So, you know, what you're just describing sounds, sounds familiar in a way, but I guess we should talk about the film. You accidentally shower with someone else's dad. Incredible. Yes, we should talk about the film. I've just, I've pulled up the Wikipedia and the first thing is that, so Threads, 1984, British apocalyptic war drama film. The first image on the, on the Wikipedia page is a map of Iran, which if you haven't seen the film is like the funniest possible first image for them to be just like, okay. And it's got like arrows all over it. So the first thing you need to understand is this is Iran, right? We're just background. One of the interesting things is that this film definitely was sold on like VHS cassettes. Cause I remember in America, my parents getting the like PBS catalog or whatever, where you could buy and they had a lot of like British syndicated stuff that was sold in America. And the cover of the VHS cassette was the traffic warden guy with the sort of sheet, like the, you know, cutaway bandages on a mask he's wearing and reading the Wikipedia discovered that like that's the really iconic image from the film. And yet like that was such a minor part. They didn't remember the dude's name cause they didn't have him in the credits. It was like 20 odd years later. They finally found who the actor was who played that guy. Yeah. He's a real traffic warden. Is he actually? So he just showed up with his costume and they're like, yeah, that'd be cool. Got it, man. Yeah. Well, I will say if that guy was, he's like traffic warden Zorro. He always wears the bandage. If that man was directing traffic, I would absolutely just be like, I will follow your instructions. I'm not going to argue like the, the dad in the, in the estate car, you know, trying to argue with the traffic guy when they closed down all the motorways. Well, this is actually a great meta thing because there's a bit in the, in the like where they're all in the command center under, under Sheffield town hall. And they're like, how are they going to keep order? Then he's like on the phone. You can't hear the other end of the conversation. He goes, we're already using traffic wardens. But then it's actually funny because in the movie they were also, they drafted in traffic wardens to be in the film. Like they ran out of actors. Like that is the first resort in Sheffield is to call in the traffic wardens. Everybody's got their like selective service number for being a traffic warden. You might get the call up, you know? Yeah. Yeah. National service, but you have to be a traffic warden. You'd think he'd have got some decent acting jobs after that. I've just like coming in and being like, do you know, the traffic warden in Fred's? Yeah. That's me. I'm on the screen for about seven seconds wearing a mask that looks like, like I directed traffic in the hell dimension from event horizon. Yeah. Yeah. You know, real acting chops there. Need any traffic wardens for that? Any, uh, I always wonder. Even in event horizon, you can only park there for 60 minutes. I'm sorry. The place we're going, you don't need eyes to see unless you've got a permit, in which case you can stay as long as you want. Look at everything. Do you have a blue badge? Do you have a blue badge? You know, uh, my car has been towed from the rim of this black hole. We have to talk about the production, but I will say it's a funny aside. So, um, I've left to the UK, but pretty much every day I get a text from my landlord's old builder or my old landlord's builder rather, because Southern council has made it in such a way that you up, you can't, uh, even though the landlord owns the place because she doesn't live there and isn't registered as the resident, she can't book visitor parking. At the property, the only person who can is the resident, which technically is me, even though I've left. And so if I don't, I get a text on my British number in Switzerland and the guy gives me the plate numbers and I have to go on Southwark's website and register it every day, or he gets like 150 pound ticket. And there's no way around it. They've called, they've, they've called the council and the council's like, sorry, what can you do? Only the resident can. There is no resident. No one can park there. It's the nether zone. And it's like, I bring this up a, because it's, you know, a bit of a British ephemera, but also it's like that council would notionally be the people directing all of the fucking martial law execution squads. If the nuclear war hit Southeast London, like we are to presume that like the sort of star chamber fucking council of people that live under the bunker until they, until they suffocate. Uh, it's like, Oh, they're pulled from all the local councils. Like to me, nothing strikes more fear in my heart than the idea that like post apocalypse emergency services are being directed by the local council. And it's not because of some Tory bullshit reason. It's just because like I've dealt with Southern council a lot and it's just like, well, I guess fiction is a wonderful place. You know, you can just invent, uh, they, they found the one competent guy in Britain and they're like, you're going to go direct stuff. Um, that was an unrealistic element of this movie that the apocalypse hit and no one was complaining about the cessation of Bing collections. No one was banging down the doors of the civic community dump and going like, when will the bin lorries be back out? Well, that's actually why all the looters were going around and killing people was they were taking people's bins and bin liners. Like, you know, they had plenty of food. They had 10 food, you know, to no end. It was just like, if we don't have been collection, then society breaks down. And you know, you gotta, I, that was why that guy jumped off the toilet. He realized it'd been put on recycling in the proper bins. He's going to get like the last, the last before the EMP knocks out all the, communication. They're going to issue him a fine for putting out his wrong bins on that day. Oh man. So when I, so this, this movie budget of 400,000 pounds, and let me tell you, you can see every single one of those pounds right there on the screen. Um, it was released on the BBC in 1984. Um, the year, the year they made racism illegal. The year I was born too. I pretty sure it came out either the day of, or the day before I was born. So, um, I could be the future apocalypse pigeon, English speaking baby. Oh God. I can't imagine if, if your mom was watching this during, like, get her back in. Yeah. For some reason they had a, they had a huge Anglophile, you know, uh, obstetrics nurse at Madigan army hospital in Tacoma, Washington. They're like, we are going to watch the premiere of threats. It's going to happen. In fact, it came out five days before you were born. So it was primo. This would have been, you know, in, in theaters. Exactly. Yeah. You can, in, in, in operating theaters and delivery theaters. Yeah. Yeah. Just showing it just like, are you sure? Um, but yeah, so basically the, the kind of the main, the main gist of the first part of the film is we see all these vignettes of like mainly focusing around this one young couple in Sheffields. Um, and we get, and it's, it's unclear exactly how, how old they're supposed to be. I mean, I would guess like maybe like 20, they're kind of like adults, but very young. Um, and then, yeah, we get the scene of them at the fingering Valley or whatever. And then it just got, it turns out that she's pregnant and we get this whole conversation between the boy and his parents about how they're going to keep the baby. And then, um, he's like teenage sister comes down and starts like rinsing him. And then the mom is like, what have I told you? Stop being rude. Preteen brother, uh, overhears the conversation and asks what's an abortion. They're like, no, don't, don't ask questions. Just play your game. And I'm like, it's the opposite of the problem today. It's like the, the, the preteens weren't looking at enough screens in 1984. And so they were asking really uncomfortable questions. Um, you know, and in fact, it bothers the character Jimmy so much. He can't even eat his, I want to call it a grim dinner, but, um, it's chips and reheated frozen peas. So it doesn't necessarily seem to be the most exciting dinner. Uh, and he, so that would have been a Wednesday in a Sheffield, I think, cause we do follow a certain pattern in the North. You have your fish and chips on a Friday, you roast on a Sunday. So yeah, that dates it to Wednesday, frozen peas, uh, and chips. Yeah. And that's why they're called Sheffield Wednesday because they always serve frozen peas and chips in the stands. And I do keep the peas still frozen. They're not, they're not cooked. I mean, I would say that, uh, you said that you can see every pound of this. I actually, I don't know. Like there's an element to which some of the footage is dated in the sense that they did what they could with the effects they had at the time. But I actually was kind of impressed by a lot of the, um, the props and special effects given that budget. And also like it does, it didn't look anywhere near as cheesy. I didn't think the acting was bad. It just seemed very, um, uh, to me, at least it just seemed very kind of like meant to seem run of like, like quotidian, like really like it wasn't, it was supposed to seem really slice of life. And yeah, so basically young couple getting married. It's the plot of, uh, the squeeze song up the junction, except something really bad is going to happen in the second verse. Uh, it takes a bit of a turn. Squeeze B side. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think, do you think he's using it as a metaphor? It's like the, the idea of being a young man in your twenties and then being told you, you have to get married by a place and settle down. Cause you having a kid is like, that's your nuclear war. I was trying to think of how, uh, how it's the end of life. As you know, I was trying to think about how Chris differed with rhyme. I never thought it would happen with nuclear war in Iran. And I can't really do it on the fly, but, uh, yeah, there's something, there's something there. Um, and then kind of in parallel to this plot line, we also have, um, you know, the, the chief, the chief executive of, uh, Sheffield city council, which is, I have to say this, this plot line is extremely giving the movie Cumbernauld hit that we watched for TF years ago. in this, I don't know, Jamie, have you ever come across this? No. Um, so the government made a movie to promote the Glasgow concrete suburb of Cumbernauld, like in the sixties as like a model, like the, the, the suburb of the future. Oh, I'm already invested in there. So I, that's why I haven't seen it. I don't know. Um, and so the, yeah, they built this kind of like, it's like what people thought the future would be like in the fifties or sixties. That's kind of what Cumbernauld looks like. And, um, they basically, they made a fictional like spy thriller movie set in Cumbernauld called Cumbernauld hit with the idea that it would like promote like, you know, these kinds of new towns they were building in the UK. And, um, there's, you get all these scenes at like Glasgow city council and also in like Glasgow university. They're like, there's a problem. We're going to get the boffins of Glasgow university on the case. And, um, yeah, it's, it's very weird, but yeah, this was kind of like, cause they're doing this like kind of dramatic, like almost like West wing style stuff where it'd be like, you know, walking down the corridor, like Mr. President, but it's like Mr. Leader of the council. We've got to do something about the bins. And we get, we get this notice that like these people have been sort of arranged by British government plan. And if, uh, emergency were to take place, then regional governance would be devolved to them. Um, and so you get these kinds of interstitial moments with like, uh, talking about, you, you, you hear about the backstory about the war with the U S and the Soviet Union almost entirely through news dispatches until the actual nuclear exchange starts. But effectively it's typewriter on the screen. Uh, or like TV in the pub in multiple different pub scenes. Uh, you know, that, um, that there was a coup in Iran that was now pro U S. Uh, the Soviets accused the U S of fomenting it. They invade the U S gives an ultimatum. There's like naval engagements. The U S invades. Um, this turns into the Soviets firing a nuclear anti-air missile at, uh, to conventional bombers and the U S then using a battlefield nuke. And then it just more and more and more and more just keeps happening. Uh, but meanwhile, and then eventually the Russians are like, we've got a nuke Sheffield. It's the only reasonable escalation from this war in Iran. This, I felt this was the, one of the biggest plot holes in the movie was like the way in which I think I obviously in hindsight, looking back on the cold war now, we kind of know none of this happened, but obviously people were very scared of it at the time. But the idea that like a proxy war in Iran would escalate into like both like a presumably all of NATO and all of the Soviet bloc nuking each other into oblivion seems crazy. Like it just doesn't seem like it would happen. I think that the idea was that it just, it went from being a, yeah, a proxy war to like an actual, like the U S and the Soviet union were fighting, like their militaries were fighting. And I, in my notes, I put, you know, that, um, I was actually pretty impressed. They did a counterfeit Reagan voice pretty well. Uh, they nailed the sort of beats of Ronald Reagan being like, we have to annihilate. You could really tell it was a British actor doing it though. It had that faint, like a, yeah, but you know, they did the best they could. I mean, I, it was, they couldn't hire actual Ronald Reagan. They didn't have the budget for that. Uh, he was too busy being president and, and trying to do another movie about, uh, the smart monkey or whatever it was. Uh, you know, com comrade Chernenko, if you nuke Sheffield, I'll be forced to respond with maximum prejudice. They could have just used old like cowboy clips and just be like, yeah, yeah, yeah. The president's decided to dress up for the day. I mean, it genuinely, if you took this movie and changed nothing, but instead of the news updates, it was just clips of Ronald Reagan and like, you know, the Gipper or bedtime for Bonzo or whatever. It would just feel like repo man. It would just be one of those weird eighties, surreal cult films. But yeah, he basically, while this is happening, we're getting updates about the world situation. Um, Jimmy and Ruth, uh, buy a flat. Uh, there's a bit where Jimmy says that his dad's, uh, mom has convinced his dad to give him his redundancy money to, uh, to help renovate it that he was planning on going to on holiday in Bermuda and instead was going to go to Blackpool, uh, like, like usual. And I was just sort of like in 2004, 19 year old college student, Bloomington, Indiana, this would have meant nothing. But now I was like, Oh, Bermuda, where, where they killed Captain Tom Blackpool. Oh, worse than death. One, one is a mysterious, uh, uh, black zone when, from which nothing ever returns. And the other is the Bermuda. Yeah, exactly. But Blackpool's the only place I've ever been to where there was a nightclub with a carpet on the dance floor. The pubs in England, my first encounter, I had my mom's from England, but I hadn't been to England except for like a couple of days as a little kid until I was in my thirties. And going to a pub on a Saturday night and massive crowd and incredibly packed and there's carpets. I was like, that's so ambitious. Like, this is so ambitious to be like, Oh, we can, we can keep this clean. Like there's, there's not going to smell. Yeah. He's not going to smell that. No, no, no one spills liquids in a pub in England when it's crowded. Like being the carpet fitter hired to fit the carpet on the dance floor of a nightclub must feel kind of like being like the builder hired to build an execution chamber or something like in principle, it's just another job. But I know that I'm complicit in something really heinous, but the fluids, that thing's going to soak up. I mean, yeah, you really don't want to, I just don't want to be the one to remove the carpet at the end. That's the one thing I asked. There was a time where they, they just said, okay, no more smoking in this room. And then that is when the, like the ghosts would have emerged like that bit in Ghostbusters 2 with the Titanic, just absolute monsters of the history of that nightclub coming out to get everyone. Yeah, I think I would rather just be in a smoke filled club versus having like, you know, the souls of every cigarette that's ever been smoked on this earth haunting the room that I'm in, which is what it's going to smell like if you cut out the cigarette, the active cigarette smoke. I took some notes. Yeah, the smoke is covering the other smells. Surely you actually want the smoke in. I took some notes as this was progressing. Um, you know, there's the title card listing the main industries of Sheffield. I wrote, do not inquire further. Do not seek historical updates on this. Uh, I wrote, I wouldn't have. Oh yeah. Cause it was like what steel, um, chemicals, chemicals and engineering as though that's an industry. They just, yeah. Every Sheffield has an assembly line to produce guys who, uh, you know, have pocket protectors and slide rules and, uh, do those, what are they called? The brief, the prefab estates, where it's like, this will absolutely be watertight if you connect all nine connectors on each panel, but, uh, you can get away with connecting two or three because Britain's not a damp country. It doesn't rain. Just no problem with that. I also wrote, I, in fairness, I wouldn't have picked anything up about the class stuff that was happening. And that was sort of between Jimmy's family and Ruth's family when that sort of the awkward family meeting taking place. Um, Oh yeah. Ruth's dad, who is like 90 years old for some reason. And they're obvious. He fully looks like near death, but he's supposed to be the father of a 20 year old woman. Let's, so let me just make sure I, you know, it's nice to, to, to, to reassess my prior. So suppose I read this as Jimmy's family is clearly far more working class than Ruth's. Ruth's family is more like suburban middle class. They have obviously live in a bigger home. Um, the mother seems very worried about what they're going to think of for curtains and whatnot. Um, and I wrote, uh, I hate meeting my girlfriend's parents on the eve of the apocalypse. Uh, I also wrote when they were in the flat doing the renovation. So I was like, yes, that's right. Get rid of the wallpaper. Wow. Uh, yeah, it was, I will say this one thing that was interesting is that the Sheffield, the Sheffield, uh, council headquarters building or wherever where the, the sort of boffins, the, you know, the, the, the, the queue of Sheffield council, the M of Sheffield council is hanging out. It's like a brutalist building, but it actually looks kind of new. And as such, it actually kind of looks modern-y, future-y. It doesn't have that sort of, um, you know, concrete soaked with decades of rain look that a lot of those buildings have now. Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It definitely, it's like, oh, these things used to be in good repair at one time. A lot of the buildings. And so you are like, not much has changed after this. there's that. I mean, I will, I will say the, when they're ripping out the, the, the, the, the, the, the empty room or they're cutting out the wallpaper or like, there's a scene where I think Ruth starts crying. Cause like it's obvious the worst stuff's about to happen. Um, and then it kind of does an exterior shot of just like, it's just a, you know, block of flats. And it's like those same perspex windows you see everywhere. And it's just like, this meant nothing to me when I was, I'd only ever lived in America, but now it just, it just strikes a different chord with you. It's like, oh yeah. Yeah. You were like, these sets were pretty cheap. I mean, who did they get to do these? No one lives here like this for life. Surely. I mean, surely. It's a side note, but I do recall there were a lot of people from America who were sort of in the post first time of Trump getting elected kind of political wave towards the left going and volunteering and people were canvassing for labor in 2017. Like Americans came over to help canvas for labor and people were posting photos of going canvassing and like, you know, here's us and the canvas board. And I remember seeing so many comments from people and be like, where is the place that you're canvassing? Just like every building is abandoned. And I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. That's, that's, that's every building. That's just every, that's what everything looks like. There's six voters in that room. Yeah, exactly. There's an entire, the entire board sheet was just two floors of this tower block. Yeah. It's great stuff. Um, I had a fun vignette from this, uh, this pre nuke bit, which was that there's a, basically the night before the nuke hits, uh, Jimmy and his mate go out for some pints and there's a lot of foreshadowing going on on the news. There's a bit where he's talking to his dad at the allotment and then he's like, and he's like, there's something going on for sure. And he's like, there's going to be something going on later when I've had a few pints. And it's like, all right, he's a legend. Okay. And then when he's at the pub, him and his mate just start discussing how he's going to be married soon. So he'd better get some shagging in, you know, and they're like, iron up some birds across the pub. And then my girlfriend turns to me and goes, he's going to cheat on his girlfriend. And I'm like, I don't think that's going to be a particularly relevant to the plot of the movie. I don't think that's going to be a, like, I think, um, once this man has been vaporized along with the woman that he was maybe shagging, I think this is going to be like a small beer in terms of the plot. He does get punished for cheating. It's Friday the 13th for us. Like he, he cheats and then he gets vaporized first. You know what? So, you know, what's so funny is that I didn't actually connect that he have cheated on her, that, that when he went to, you know, fingering Valley again in the fogged up Ford Cortina, and he sees the military convoy going by that it was with someone else. I just saw that he and Ruth had just like, Oh, we have a house now, but we haven't changed the wallpaper. So we still need to fuck in the car. It's only proper. There was a line also in the, uh, the dialogue between him and his mate, where he says, if I, if I understood the accent correctly, he said something to the effect of like, um, you know, I, if I'm going to be out, pissed out of my mind in Stratford on Avon, if they dropped the bomb, you know, and I was just like, I wrote, if I get pissed out of my mind in Stratford on Avon, I'll also want you to drop the H bomb on me immediately. Uh, I just feel as though. I'm pissed out of my mind at Shakespeare's birth. I may have misread or heard a different, they're asking me to leave or the wrong place. I have no idea. Cause there are times when I didn't watch the Swiss subtitles and most time I was fine, but here and there, especially in the scenes, like when there's background music or noise where I'm like, what, what did he say? Is that English? And I'm not even trying to be crass about it. It's just, I do struggle sometimes with, with really, really, really regional accents with, uh, it's sort of like, I think Brits could be forgiven if they were like, Hey, here's this movie about, here's this movie about the apocalypse, except it's the cast from, um, what's it? Deliverance. And it's like in like rural West Virginia. And it's like, absolutely nothing changes at all. It's just like, it's just like a weird, you know, like Terrence Malick film, just like slice of life the entire time. Like, yeah, the world ended, but that he's still bathing in the bathtub full of sewage for some reason. It seems the Russians have nuked Huntsville, Alabama to teach us a lesson. Yeah. I did read on the notes that Reagan watched this. So imagine what, what did Reagan make of all the accents? He was like, I think they've been nuked. I don't, I don't know. Is she pregnant? Is that someone's granddad? Why are they going to meet their grandparents? It's a, I really liked that, that working class, older gentleman with the young son who's getting married. We need to invent our own William H. Macy. They seem to have one. We've got a William H. Macy gap. Uh, I also, the slot machine, the sort of like random kind of like, like they'll do these closeups on things like the, the fruit machine in the pub and the TV and the sort of ephemera around it. And I realized that my, my brain is so cooked from being an internet user in the modern day. That when it said cash for nudges on the machine, at first I thought it said cash for nudes. And I was like, it's an interesting industry for 1984 Sheffield, but okay. I mean, that's how we flay it though. That's, that's kind of, uh, that's our prostitution ring is that you just give someone a little nudge and then get off on that level of physical contact in the North. At the fruit machine. Exactly. Yeah. The dark is a little nudge. Go on. There was another like amazingly British coded moment in this film, which is like also basically that I think it's like the night before the nuke happens or whatever. Um, uh, Jimmy's dad is stood on his front step and his neighbor is like loading up his Ford Cortina estate with like a comical amount of stuff, like fully like moving house levels of stuff. And he's like, he's like, where do you think you're going? He's out going down to our lads in Lincolnshire. Going to be a lot safer there, isn't it? And then he proceeds to just do this kind of rant at him in a kind of like, do you think you're better than us? Kind of way. Like you're too, too much of a coward to stay in Sheffield. And it's like, why would you, I'm, I'm struggling to get my head around why this man is angry that these other people are leaving. You know, baffling to me. If the word had been around, he would have said, Oh, the neighbors have gone woke leaving there. Running away from the nuke. Cowards. I think it's good. Actually, it will teach the kids a lesson. I mean, that, that, that becomes slightly more relevant in a really sad way later on. But I just, I, I, I, what was interesting to me was I remember hearing about this, that there were times in the sort of like Reagan kind of more aggressive stance towards the Soviet union in the early eighties. And in that era where the Soviet union were actually genuinely like, I think this guy is insane. And he actually is going to try to start a war with us. They had talked about like some of the strategic deployments and like in a full scale exchange, there are like so many targets that would make no sense. Like anything with any kind of military presence or civilian capacity where that, that might be involved with industry, whatever is going to be a target. And so that was the idea was that like Sheffield wasn't, you know, the Sheffield wasn't like the ground zero first strike target on Britain. And it was more like, well, presumably they've gotten around to cities like Sheffield at this point, after having nuked all the ones that, that were like of significant political or like military significance. And I guess in a way it's like, what was interesting watching it at this point in the film was this, some of the footage was just so, it just felt so surreal. Like, I guess because I watched a, like a, a, if not a 4k rip, then like definitely like a, like a Blu-ray rip of it. And so you could definitely see like, it was, it had that like high quality shot on film look, but also it's very obviously a lower budget film. And so there's like the weird film grain that it's just very surreal, very atmospheric, even if that wasn't intended to be that way. It just feels that way now. And I don't know, like at a certain point I was like, yeah, this is, I think one of my notes was just like, yeah, I'm starting to feel a little anxious if I'm being honest, guys, this is kind of sucks. Like this is, this isn't as fun as I remember it being. This isn't just like, I think it's, it's designed to not be cinematic. I read up on, there's, there's a previous film called the war game in, uh, in 1966. And the director said he saw a crane shot that was like simulating something they saw in gone with the wind. And he said, no, there should not be at no point. I think the most cinema cinematic shot in this is after like 12 years later when they wouldn't over the moors or something. And then, but it's, it's not designed to make you go, Oh, that, that does look nice. Actually, the whole film is just meant to make you more and more and more anxious until a mutant baby's born. That's it. until mutant baby and burned newborn and, you know, cross old fried out corpses everywhere. Like, yeah. Yeah. We get a bit where like Jimmy's, Jimmy's mom is like burned on, like, she's like burned on one side from like the blast, I guess. Although she was indoors when it went off and her husband who was next to her is fine. And then, and then he keeps sort of trying to tend to her. She keeps just going, Ooh, we're like, yeah, that's as good as we can do. That's the mating call of the Northerner. Actually, she was ready. I, I, it made me think that if they dropped nukes on Essex, like people would just use it as a tanning opportunity. They'd be out in their back garden on the sunbed. I had some, let it wash. I had some notes as like, we're getting to the lead up to the initial strike. Um, I wrote that the pub where he goes with his mate is sort of like, it almost feels note for note, like something out of the long, good Friday, which I noted as it's the pub where twink Pierce Brosnan kills you. Um, I wrote that, uh, once again, yeah, nowhere to fuck, but the eternal Ford Cortina, um, the protests really, because I realized that a lot of the extras in this film were volunteers from, from, uh, the campaign for nuclear disarmament. I was like, they didn't intend for this to look like a tears for fears video, but it actually, it just genuinely is one. Um, I also wrote at the protests, it seems that the, the three Tories and Sheffield are out today. Um, uh, I'm surprised that you're buying tinned lychee for the apocalypse. Um, I, wait, was someone buying? Yes. So when they're having the run on the grocery stores and the old woman is arguing with the shopkeeper about like him jacking the prices up. So there's a quick shot of people grabbing things and putting them in their, in their baskets or carts. And someone has a tin of lychee. And I was just sort of like, wow. I think in, in 2024, the context of that is so different. Cause you are like, yeah, fuck that guy. Still more. I was, yeah, they need to tell you how much a Freddo is at that point for you to understand the economy though. If they were like Freddo's have gone up from two P to three P, then you can get it in your head. I don't know what she's arguing about, but she says to the guy, she's like, what's 40 P? This was 23 P last week. And he's like, well, you're, you're welcome to put it back on the shelf if you don't want to pay the prices. And yeah. Yeah. This movie is actually set in 2022 and you're just buying pasta. Um, yeah, well, you warrant it with Russians in Ukraine. Um, yeah. I mean, there's, I think really the, the, the denouement of the film should be that she gives birth to the Freddo frog. And then it'll be like the whole, the whole movie is actually about the dangers of inflation. With 15 P stamped on its head. Like the omen. Oh my God. Yeah. And then that gets more and more chilling as time goes on, as you realize we didn't know how good we had it with 15 P. Yeah. I mean, it's just, as we need, we, we reach the 40 P Freddo mark. You know, there's a, a lot of kind of like building up tension scenes. There's Jimmy in his like aviary with all his, uh, they're not exotic birds, but they're like, you know, they're, they, I don't know what kind of birds he's got, but they're, they're pet birds in there. He's holding them in his hands or jumping all over his head. And, um, it's like everything is sort of just building up foreboding. I, I, um, knowing what's going to happen, having seen this before, I was just sort of like, well, I suppose it's good that you've raised order Lynn buntings for the apocalypse. You can have some really fine meals for the first couple of days. Um, there's also a scene with the, uh, the, the, the council leader is like trying to get through to people. And it's just got this really grim music playing throughout. Like, I don't know if it's meant to be, that's what's on like the line or if he's just listening to it in his office, but there's just, yeah, there's this feeling of this kind of like banal on top of all of the, the, the, the, the sort of frightening stuff. And then, uh, Jimmy's dad, there's not a single woman in this elite crack team of like council people who like, are, you have to go to lock themselves in the council building basement to manage the apocalypse. There is one. No, it's just, there is one. There is a woman who's like, let them starve, shoot them all or something like that. That's why it's like, that's why we've only brought one of them. She's supposed to be that. Yeah. Yeah. They, they, they, I was going to say, I, I stand corrected. There were three, there were four, four Tories in Sheffield in 1984, three of them at the protest. And one of them is her. She's like the council leader for whatever council Ruth's parents live in. And, uh, yeah, they, the Jimmy's dad is woken up by noise and it's sort of like, Oh, the pubs are letting out. And it's like, uh, that kind of sounds less like pub letting out time and more like martial laws about to begin. Um, and then basically the U S uh, gives a, gives an ultimatum to the Soviet union. Um, and, uh, saying that, you know, basically bilateral withdrawal from Iran by noon of that day. I think it's Sunday or Saturday, Sunday and it elapses. And so at 1 PM, the title cards tell us the U S uh, bombs the Soviet base at Mashhad with, uh, with, uh, traditional conventional weapons and the Soviets fire nuclear tactical weapons at them. And it starts happening and escalating. And then there's scientists on the news say that they've detected radiation. There's been multiple nuclear explosions in Iran. There's a news blackout in Iran. And then it gets just, this keeps happening interspersed with the scenes of, um, people trying to flee and people trying to get groceries and, uh, Jimmy and Ruth scraping wallpaper by candlelight. And then, um, yeah. And then you get this shot from a supermarket in Tehran where the guy's like 40 dirhams for a dinner. You're having a laugh. I think it's real is their currency. I don't know what, yeah. Yeah. I had to guess. I don't even fucking know where that's from. Yeah. So, uh, as I put down here, I was like, uh, I just realized now, right. As the bombs are dropping that, uh, Jimmy's mom looks like Sheffield, Nicola Sturgeon, which implies that there must be buried cash in their back garden. Um, uh, brief children of men interludes. I described it as a sort of like the scenes of stuff happening and sort of public disorder and cops yelling at people and so on. And then I wrote, yeah, guys, I'm kind of losing the urge to joke here. And I just kind of stopped taking, Oh, no, no, no, no, the protest with the, the, the trade unionist guys calling for a general strike. And the guy would be like something about the Falklands. And he's like, you tell me about that. I've been trying to get us out of the common market for years. And I was just like, wait, what? If only they'd done Brexit, none of this would have happened. Yeah, exactly. So you sort of like, uh, just, you know what? And then it just becomes a horror. It's brilliant. It's really, there's still bits of comedy though. Like the, uh, when, when people are rocking up to the NHS and they're like getting in the hospital and you're like, that looks like pretty much nothing's changed there. That's where they're like, we can't cope with the amount of people that are coming in. Even if every single person who worked in the hospital could handle this one area, we wouldn't be able to. The entirety of Britain's health service would be overwhelmed by the casualties from Sheffield alone. And you're just like, yeah, yeah. That's just a Friday night. I was going to say, yeah, exactly. I mean, this, this, this happened. The fight outside Wetherspoon just got an out of hand and the local hospital is overworld. I had some, before we left, we had some really, really scary, uh, health emergency stuff with my wife. And it's, it's, it's getting better, but it's nothing like from what we can tell nothing permanent, but it was really grim, like stuff that was postpartum basically like where it looked as though stuff was, she was having some health issues after she had our daughter. And I remember we had to go to A&E and they have the, it was the A&E of the same hospital where she had given birth and they have a maternity assessment unit and she was technically still their patient. And I called because there was this huge delay in trying to get this scan. They wanted to get done to determine if, if this condition that she thought she might, they thought she might have was, was the case. And when I called the assessment unit, they're like, well, um, it's after hours. So we don't actually have the ability to order those things. It's only the emergency department. And I was like, okay, but you have the 24 hour maternity assessment line. So we're like, yeah, but you know, we, we don't actually have admitting privileges. You have to go to the emergency department. So if you get out of the queue and you go up here, like we can do whatever, but we can't give you the scan. And you just have to get back in the back of the queue. And I was like, wait, so you guys have been advertising forever. You have this 24 hour assessment line, but basically if anyone calls you anytime outside of working hours with a maternal emergency, your response is like, Oh, get in the queue behind the guy who just tried, tried to stick a pint glass up his dick hole as a bet, you know, for the bet with his mates. It's like, just wait behind him and then you'll get checked out whenever you, and I was just like, this is in, I knew we'd met before. I knew it. This is, this is in, this is in the flagship hospital of an NHS trusted inner London. And I'm like, what is it like in, then my wife's got friends who live in like rural Wales. And you're like, no doctors. Like, yeah. So that part, when I heard that, I was like, you have to go to the vet. If you get a pint glass stuck in your dick hole, I, I, I, I've seen it all. I've lived it. I guess it, seeing this stuff happen. It's like hearing, watching them go into the hospital. I was like, all I could think of was, this is just, it's odd because so many of the actors in the, what was it? Netflix series, Chernobyl were British, English, Scottish actors. And this just feels like, like the precursor version. Like there's so many of the scenes that reminded me of Chernobyl, except it's like mega Northern. And then also they have these like scene of guy getting a leg amputated with no, with just like a hacksaw and no anesthetic, like biting down on gauze. And I remember thinking, watching that scene, I was like, but they just said, there's no medicine. There's no anesthetics. There's no bandages. It's like, do you, do you think it's a good idea to cut the guy's fucking leg off with a saw from like, I don't know, B and Q? Like, well, there's also a food shortage. So maybe that's what they're saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's right. I've, I've, I've read the road, you know, they, they're going to keep him alive long enough so they can get every one of those limbs without any spoilage on that meat. It's called efficiency. Yeah. I found that the bit where the actual, the blasts happen is quite, cause we've had all this like previous stuff of people like watching the broadcast where it's like what to do when the, if the, if a bomb drops and like whilst obviously like that there's, there's limited what you can do. The extent to which half the people in Sheffield appear to do none of these things is shocking to me. Like there's a scene of all these people out in the street and then like a bunch of them like run into buildings, which is what you're supposed to do. And a bunch of them just stand in the street, just like looking at the bomb going off. And I'm like, I don't recall that being in the messaging. Well, that's, that's kind of the same mentality of like gloves in winter. No, it's like, Oh, the government wants us to get in the building just cause a little bomb going off. No, I want to have a look at it. Let's see. Let's see if they've really got the stuff. There's also when, cause we get the scene with Jimmy and his, and his mate where they're like working on like a job site or something and they see the bomb go off and they just get under their van. And I'm like, I'm not sure that's, there's, there's like a building right there. And they're like, no, let's just lie on the ground. They've just built that building. So they know how unsafe it is. This has been built by persimmon. I'll take me chances in the van. What I would say is weirdly, cause I'd read the John Hershey book, Hiroshima. And one of the things that's interesting about watching this is I think they, they did try to make stuff somewhat accurate as best they could with the effects they had at the time, which is that, um, it, the impression was, I got was that they were further out to the point where like the huge blast wave or the fireball wasn't going to hit them. But the huge, the, or rather the, um, the concussion and the light reading about, uh, casualties in the atomic bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Apparently it's people who were hit by the light or saw the light, looked at the light, you know, getting their eyes completely destroyed or getting so like flash burned. And then being close to windows, being close to any, because it was so many people wound up in the hospital and they were just like completely like carapace, like, like a exoskeleton of broken glass because the glass shattered and was blown inwards toward them. And so there's a part of me, it's like, it's probably somewhat realistic that like if they weren't in the zone where the blast was going to be strong enough to lift the car up, lifted the van up, that being underneath it might, would have protected them from the flash. But like, there's also a lot of that's just kind of conjecture because, you know, we don't really know anything. Like, there's not like a map coordinate showing exactly how far from the epicenter they are at the joinery that people are trying to rob. Um, it's just, there is a bit where they say every van, sorry, every window in Britain was shattered. And it's like, yeah, there's some tradies somewhere rubbing their hands at that. It's going to be a good week. Mick Jackson, so the director of this, Mick Jackson, he, a couple of years later did, uh, like a little documentary, a guide to Armageddon, which he was obsessed with. Like what happens after a new kid. And so they, they had a clip of, uh, a pumpkin next to a window with what the force would be just so British people could see like, Oh yeah. Don't just stand inside and be like, Oh, I'll look out the window and see it. And it just rips off all of the pumpkin to let people know, like go inside, but away from the window. This is so funny. It's like, how will we, uh, how will we demonstrate this to the British people? What is their standard point of reference? Probably what it would do to a pumpkin. They were going to do a tin. Yeah. They were going to do a tin of light cheese, but then the test audience was like, that's 40 P down the fucking drain. How can you be that wasteful? Look what it did to this Freddo. It's all right. All right. For some can't afford a bloody tin of light cheese. I hope they do die. Now. I mean, that's the thing, right? People were looking at the flash because they thought it would reveal the eternal knowledge of what God's desired price for Freddo's is supposed to be. In euros. Oh no, take me. Shit. This is one thing. The Soviet union, they did save us from joining the euro. By blowing us up. I, I, so basically like the, the big major notes of what happens is that a Jimmy flees on foot because the car won't start. Um, I, I, I presumed from that that like people had siphoned out the gas or whatever. Um, and runs through the, no, I think it's. Oh, good point. Yeah. Cause like the, the EMP, they, they basically said that one of the, the title card says that, uh, a nuclear blast goes up at high altitude above the North sea and basically knocks out all the RF stuff in, and the grid in, uh, Northwest Europe. And Jimmy runs through the street basically. And, um, there's, I, I, I, I'll be honest with you. I was paying attention, but I don't recall like an explicit, this is Jimmy dying scene. It's just obvious he doesn't make it. I don't know if you guys recall a scene, like anything where, no, they, they don't show him dying. They just kind of cut, they keep cutting forward in time. I guess maybe that's kind of the point of it is that no one is important. Like these people you think are a main character, people just die. Like he could have been knocked out by a looter. He could have been a, probably fall out maybe. Yeah. And also the fact that people just disappear and you have no idea. You'll never know what happened to them. Like there's just, I mean, and Ruth Ruth's parents, uh, her grandmother, basically her grandmother gets discharged from the hospital because they clear out the hospitals, um, in anticipation of casualties. And the blast hits while they're carrying her down into the cellar. Um, she fares very poorly and dies the soonest. Um, Ruth's parents are doing a bed tour. They're okay. But like, they're obviously very cold and really grim. Whereas Jimmy's parents, his mother dies. Um, she's severely burned. His little brother, uh, they find his body basically under the remains of the aviary. Um, yeah. And he looks like E.T. Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That was his E.T. doll that was burning. I thought it was supposed to be like, look what the nuclear bastard to this boy. And I was like, that looks like E.T. No, it was, it was a budget, but it wasn't that much of a budget. I, I think the idea was sort of like, they were kind of trying to represent that this, you know, preteen boy had died by showing all the like immediately identifiable, like ephemera that a kid that age would have in 1984, like being evaporated, being set on fire by the blast. But no, he didn't get turned into a shriveled extraterrestrial. No, that. I thought that was what they were trying to, they were trying to show like the sheer like heat and force of the blast. They like disfigured him to such an extent. He looked like he. Look how his fingers cloned from the radiation. There are some things that they showed that I didn't, I was surprised that they would show on network TV, even for a thing that was meant to be like this sort of kind of horror drama about like horror and the apocalypse. I was kind of surprised they even showed his like parts of his body, like his legs from under the thing showing he was obviously dead. I was also surprised that the scene where Ruth is wandering around, she basically flees her parents' house. she's kind of almost suicidal because she, she says she knows Jimmy is dead. And she sees a lot of just obviously critically injured or completely insane people out in the streets. A little kid comes up to her, starts calling her mom. An old man is playing with toy figurines. And then a woman is. And she's like, I'm 20 years old, you little shit. And then a woman. I'm on the property ladder, but. Have a little respect. Well, that's the thing, right? That's the indignity of it all. That they blew up the property ladder entirely before she can even take photos of how she'd taken the wallpaper down and everything white and or gray and or silver. But. Homes under the hammer apocalypse. It's exactly the same show. I mean, I will say that buildings have not. Jumping a little bit forward for homes under the hammer slash landlordism, the old man being like, fuck no, I won't house refugees. I'm throwing you the fuck out of my house. That hits so. I was like, oh yeah. Okay. So this is just Britain now. It's yeah. They're coming over here from Sheffield. Yeah. So basically I was really surprised. I mean, it was effective, but they showed the, a woman holding a, an infant that looked about close to newborn that was completely burned up and basically like, like exposed bones that you could see like exposed skull. And like, I was just, that was even as far as props go, that was just like, that's wow. This is, this is a lot more, this is a lot more intense like that. And I think a lot of the, the footage of like, there is. And I was like, that's clearly 80. Yeah. No, exactly. It's, it's, it's different. It's different franchise characters from eighties movies. It's like, that's the, one of these kids got turned into Yoda. One of them turned, got into, got turned into young Indiana Jones. I, I destroyed Sheffield. The Soviets have. Okay. That would be good. Bit of comic relief. Yeah. Yoda, what are you doing here? It is mad that you think like the, not to, you know, criticize the BBC, but there's no way they'd make something like this now. No. With like, we spent all your money on this, showing you how bad life will be if we get bombed by the Russians. It's a dead baby. There you go. You can have that. Although, I mean, it would seem sarcastic now. Miranda Hart just going through the whole thing. Oh, lovely. Hello. I'm pregnant. I think the thing that really kind of struck me was that, like, Milo, you said that you felt like you could see that this was a low budget film. And I, I, I, I don't, I mean, I guess there's some things where I imagine, yeah, it comes across that way. I didn't really, to me, it felt more dated than low budget. But what was interesting was, are you guys familiar? There's a photo, there's an American photographer named Kenneth Jericho. He was a embedded photographer in the first Gulf War. And he took a bunch of photos that eventually got published, but didn't at the time in the sort of post end of the war, what they called the highway of death, when the, the Iraqi army basically retreated North from Kuwait back into Iraq and got bombed to oblivion because they were on basically the one road that goes across the desert back into Iraq. And he went around the sort of aftermath of that took photos. And there's a number in particular, one photo of a guy in the cab of what looks like a light truck. Who's completely torched, burned up to a crisp, but his, he's got this grimace on his face and he's, you can see all of his facial features and he can still see his teeth. And that's what it reminded me of. And I was like, that's so, I mean, I believe you could say very much. So it's realistic, but like, there's something so like stark and grim about that, that I, once again, I just can't imagine the BBC or any, I mean, American TV thing either going that far to show like those details. Like that tends to be the thing that they would avoid, but also in fairness, that was kind of like older movies back then tended to not have super like grizzly special effects like that. Or if they did, we kind of laugh at them now because they're so dated looking like the, like the blood, the head and jaws. Yeah. Or the blood in taxi driver when, when he, when he kind of like rescues Jodie Foster's character and he shoots the guy in the neck and it like, it just, it literally just looks like someone like took cranberry juice concentrate and threw it on the wall. Like it's, it's really, really, really dated. Where's this? Like, I don't know. I just found, I'm not saying overwhelming, but I was just sort of like, this is, this is so much more stark and like harshly portrayed than I remember. I guess cause they shoot it not to titillate. So they don't, the way it's, cause I've read about the, the guy who did the special effects and he actually designed the stuff for Red Dwarf afterwards. wow. Okay. Yeah. An interesting departure in town. Where he just wanted like exposed bodies and burn babies in that as well. But they're like, no, maybe not for this one, but he, he said we had, you know, ketchup and rice Krispies to work with. And I think it's because of the limitations they shot around that. So in you, in your head, you, because it's not designed for you to look at it and go, Oh yeah, look at that. Like arm off in an exciting way. They kind of more, I think they, they cut it a bit shorter. So you just get an idea of the, the wound in your head and then they'll cut away. So you've seen it, but you haven't seen it long enough for you to actually go, Oh, hang on. That looks like a little tube coming out there. Yeah. I was thinking about, cause I've never actually seen the film of the road. I've just read the book. And to be honest with you, having read the book, I'm like, I'm good. I don't need to, my mind's eye has created plenty of these images. I don't need to, to, to refresh them. But, um, there were parts of that book where I was like, I don't know if you could either with special effects, it would seem so ridiculous because of how it's described, or it would just be like, you're going to get an NC 17 rating and no one's going to be able to see this movie. Like, and so with this, there is an element of like for a film from 1984, I, I was, I was surprised. And I, and I think like you said, uh, honestly, Jamie, like that they, because of the fact that they couldn't make it like lurid, they just kind of have it in background that in a way that, that feels worse. Um, like the stuff they choose not to show, but you can hear, or it's implied like in a way like they, for example, Ruth comes back. Um, and we know that her family has been killed by looters because the looters get caught by a military patrol and they're like, oh, there's bodies that there's an old woman who's been dead for a while, but the bodies they've just been killed. And the guys are trying to argue like, oh no, they were dead before we got there. Um, and then they, they basically, it's implied that they then get detained and get executed for this. And she comes back and her grandmother's body is being eaten by rats. Um, and then she tries to go down the stairs and all we hear is the buzzing of flies. And then she doesn't go down. It's like, okay, obviously her parents have been murdered. Um, she also finds a Jimmy's mother dead. Uh, her father, Jimmy's father went out to try to get water for her and sort of just like goes on this horrific, almost kind of like, almost like black comedy sort of feeling of just darkness of like, I'm going to go and find every bit of running liquid and hold it into a teapot and test, taste test it. It's like, yep. Sewage again. Yep. Liquified corpse again. It just keeps retching, but he's trying to find water to give to his wife. And then his, his wife has died. And yeah. And these kinds of scenes basically repeat. And finally we get the famous traffic warden scene. We get a lot of scenes of basically people being told you can't come in and get food. Uh, they're not going to give any food for two weeks because it's like, well, it's sort of implied that the people who in the first two weeks, so many people who would take the food would then die anyway, that they're going to basically wait and see who dies first. And yeah, the scenes in the, in the underground council there are like very funny because immediately that the explosion happens, like rubble falls on it and seals them all in the basement. Just flat out kills a dude, just lands on a dude and kills him. And that, that shot is really effectively done. Like that's like, you see all this shit falling and breaking. And then suddenly it's just a huge thing hits a guy. And then they're like, get a first aid kit, get a first aid kit. And the guy's like, forget the first aid kit. Like, let's help me cover his body up. But then they're arguing about like whether they can get rescued and also about like what they're going to do about this thing or that thing in the town. And they're all like yelling at each other. And, but then also they can't talk to anyone. Like they're sealed in like a concrete tube. It's such a like funny metaphor for like, they're arguing about what they should be doing. And it's like, yeah, you can't do anything. You'll sit, you'll sealed in a concrete box. Yeah. And then they all do. They all suffocate. But the thing that's crazy too, is while they're like, Oh, there's no ventilation. Oh no dust coming in. We're losing oxygen. I got to clear these vents. Like, is there some way to unblock this? They're like, you know what we need to do in the interim? Smoke every fucking cigarette in human history down here. Cause it's going to, it's going to make the air purer somehow. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. That was made toot rod. That was the moment where I felt the most empathy in the movie though, when they're out of smokes. And I was like, I've had nights out where you're like, ah, I've got one left, but I know he smokes over there. So I need to smoke this without him seeing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's a great moment where one of them goes, as anyone, as anyone got a fag. And then one of them just likes with such disgust, tosses a pack across the table. Like, you know, he was hoping to keep those fags a secret. Fine. Have my last. Kent, whatever. Yeah. There was also a bit where I actually, I thought of you, Nate, because, um, there's a bit where these like two old men sat, sat on some rubble somewhere. And one of them goes, Oh, I could murder a fag. I'd say, I'd always, I always used to have a fag after dinner. And I was imagining like Nate watching this in 2003. Oh yeah, no, absolutely. I texted you about that before that. I was like, I don't remember a lot about the plot, but I do remember how I could murder a fag. In my mind, I didn't have the association of like the, the Northern accent because I saw it so long ago. And all I could think of was the story I told you about in my mind's eye, they had the same accent as the guy on the documentary about Shakespeare, about like who was Shakespeare actually. And the English scholar being like, Oh, it couldn't have been Christopher Marlowe because Marlowe was a roaring homo. And it's like, in my mind, their voices were the same, but actually no, it's, it's extraordinarily, you, you can do the Northern accent. I just sound like them. I just sound like American who's going to get his face beaten in when he tries to do an impression amongst actual Northerners. So I try to avoid. Did American audiences misinterpret this? Is like, we, we need to go on some homophobic bashing right after the new kids. God has made his feelings on homosexuality abundantly clear. It's time that we complete the Lord's work. I think that we, there's an obvious like laugh factor of hearing it, but people know that it's a slang term for cigarettes in British English. So they don't like, yeah, I think contextually the guy's smoking and the guy's next to him. It says, okay, you know, I used to never fag after meals. And that I'd never heard fag as a verb before. Other than like Roald Dahl talking about being like a fucking, like a, you know, boarding school, sort of like house, house servant to the older forms or whatever. But like, I'd never heard people using that term to smoke. And I remember that line stuck in my head. Yeah. I'll, you know, I don't basically remember anything from the classes I took back then, but I do remember. Did they use it as a verb? I could have sworn the man said, I used to know, I used to never fag after meals. I used to, I used to love a fag. Oh yeah. My bad. My bad. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think we'd, we wouldn't use it like that. It's you'd normally, you'd say smoking. Yeah. Okay, cool. Then I'm wrong. I, because of how difficult the, the accent was to understand back then in my mind, he was saying he was using it as a verb, which is, yeah. So you know what? My, my would have made it more confusing. Yeah. This is like, it's like a Britainology Rashomon where I have to confront my incorrect memory of this event. Unless he meant like I used to be in a boarding school and go like do these chores after a meal. Yeah. That was the time, you know, you'd put, you'd prepare your master's bed for him. Cause he'd be very sleepy after the meal. Yeah. Yeah. Um, we also, we get the, yeah, because then they rescue the guys from the council chamber eventually, like some, like some guys from the army. I think. We don't rescue them so much as they recovered their bodies. Cause they're all dead. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They, they go in there and it's like, Oh, they're all dead. And they're all like, you know, still fag in hand, but just like face down on the table. And it's like, Oh, they died doing what they love. Chuffing us now. There's actually plenty of oxygen in this room. They just died of nicotine poisoning. I mean, they all just died of lung cancer. It was B and H. That was the problem. I was going to say, if they had just smoked senior services, they would have been okay. But you know what? They had to go for the hard stuff. Yeah. The air outside with the nuclear fallout was actually less toxic than the air in that bunker. Just all of these like unwashed men in their, in their vest, just smoking all day long. The post-apocalypse military, I don't know. What is it? A forensic pathologists looking over their courses because for some reason they have time to do this. And they're like, Oh, actually they all died from asbestos. Crazy. That was what was coming out of the vent in that scene. I do think sadly though, if they made a remake of this now, they'd have to show someone like fighting over a vape, like the last vape in Sheffield. Last Tango in Paris sequel. The cherry and lime vape. Yeah. That's, that's why, that's why they actually reinvented steam power in the last sort of title cards in the last 10 minutes of this film was so they could recharge their lost Mary BM6000s. They still had them, but they couldn't use them because the batteries had died. Eight pound for lost Mary. You having a, it was, it was six pound yesterday. I remember during hurricane Sandy, there were people who, there was some device that someone had basically made for like campers and people had them in New York where it was like literally a, you put water in the tank and you actually like burned any kind of refuse, whatever wood scraps leaves you could, and it would burn enough water to generate whatever it needed to generate a little engine to power, like a five volt USB connection to charge your phone. And I realized now that like this would cause like a nine 11 degree of like lung cancer incidents. If people had them now, because everyone would be charging their vapes that way as well as their phones. And they'd have to get like the, you know, like the, the oil drum version to charge their, their, their, their tablets and whatnot. It's like, it was a simpler time when you just, you know, you, you got a contact high off the asbestos powder and you had Benson and hedges and you had rotary phones and graphs showing everyone's dead here and here and here. And here are the only safe places, Wales, you know? Yeah. But how safe are you really? You know, you know, I mean, the sheep aren't safe. They cut open the sheep and fucking just eat it raw. Like no one's safe. Oh, that sheep's killed them, isn't it? Oh, that was, they had to be like, you know what? Too bad the sheep is, the body's cold. Otherwise we could cut it open. Like this great movie I saw, Return of the Jedi. Or what is it? Yeah. The Empire Strikes Back, you know, we could, we could crawl inside its warmth. But, yeah. So there's this sort of like, then we get all of these scenes of kind of like what happens in Britain. Slowly to society after that. We get like the initial period where it's all like martial law, like shooting looters, putting looters into like concentration camps in tennis courts. This is where we get the, the traffic warden with the sort of the, the hat and the kind of face bandage, like holding an SLR, threatening people menacingly through the chain link fence of a tennis court, which I have to say is a traffic warden's wet dream. Like he was doing that before the bomb. I think like you said, I've been, I've been writing in every day. I should be armed. Okay. People are taking the piss. They're parking on double yellers. I should have the right to kill. Dear Jimmy, can you make it for me? I mean, I just, that's what this movie was mixing was Jimmy Savile. Post, post apocalypse threads, Jimmy Savile. He was off doing a yomp with the Royal Marines and survives. And now it's like a new plague is striking Britain. No, he would have been in the fucking basement with all the city council guys. We've put Jimmy Savile in charge of the children. That's, we've decided he's a lovely man. He's local. And he is so caring. We think in the event of a nuclear war, he's just the man we need. The economy is now based on the gold medal that you used to get from Jimmy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They were too scared to portray the real Britain. Yeah. Just to make sure we've covered Jimmy Savile references, 9-11, dead babies. Yeah. Well, I mean, I was going to say the, the, the numerous dead baby scenes, it's like Cormac McCarthy was like, see, we're on the same, we're on the same plane, but people weren't eating the dead baby. So he's like, yeah, this doesn't go far enough. I need to do better. I need to write a new book. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The road, but it's the M1. I, I, yeah, I, I was just, you know, lost in the reverie. Like you were saying, Jamie, that we, we've ticked all these boxes. We've got asbestos, 9-11, Jimmy Savile. What else? We have to, we have to tick some boxes, you know, we've got, we've got the traffic warden. I do wish you'd stop saying my safe words. I think, I think the thing here is like, yeah, now it starts to move forward really quickly in the sense of like, it's, you know, okay, there's a nuclear winter. They do kind of, I think they did a pretty good job of explaining the concept that like, the sheer volume of debris vaporized and smoke creates this just unfathomable amount of debris, like, like, you know, debris clouds in the Northern hemisphere. And it just blocks out the sun. And it's not that there's no light. It's like when that Icelandic volcano went off. Yeah. Yeah. And they had to cancel all the easy jet. But there's a, there's a real like shit follow up of, there's no sun because of the debris. And then they go, and then when that clears, there's no protection from UV. So it gets, it gets bad on the other side. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone gets skin cans. All of a sudden. Once again, the people of Essex are thriving in this scenario. But also it's like throughout the Northern hemisphere, this has happened. And I'm like, well, there are probably fewer targets in the Southern hemisphere. So there's this, this implying that like life returns to normal in Australia. And there's like, well, I guess we're not, we're not going on reverse holiday anytime soon. Okay. Well, so this was one of my things about the film is I felt like, cause basically from this point, just to, just to give a vague pricey, it kind of goes on to show like that basically all society in Britain collapses, but also no society in Britain reemerges of any, of even a primitive kind. It just seems to be like total chaos or that's kind of the way it's portrayed. But then I was thinking like, well, presumably there's been like a major kind of, like a nuclear exchange between like, you know, NATO countries and like Warsaw Pact countries. Fine. So like a lot of presumably like North America and Europe is fine. But like, you would presume that large amounts of the world are like relatively fine because like no, in that scenario, no one's bothering to nuke like Australia or any country that doesn't have nukes and especially countries that are far away. You'd say Sheffield will probably be fine. And then you go. It's like the Soviets were really, really thorough. You know, they went down the list of everywhere. It's like they did, they, they, they did in fact find a way to nuke Tristan de Cunha. The missile got lost a couple of times and had to ask for directions, but it did happen. There is no more Edinburgh. The people of Tristan de Cunha worshipped it as a God. They, they didn't even know that nuclear weapons had been invented. No one had sent a ship to tell them that. I mean, what gets me also is like, yeah, that, so to my eyes, it felt like there was something of more of a society, but it was like, you know, when, okay, so as we move forward in the plot, basically, Ruth, Ruth gives birth alone. Um, they, she has a daughter. Um, and her name is Jane. And then basically as time moves on, it's like nine or 10 years, basically the child's nine or 10 years old. And she's trying to wake her mother up, who she just calls Ruth. Um, and asking, telling her it's work. We have to work, but she speaks very like broken, kind of just not particularly fluent English. Uh, and it just seems like this. Yeah. And over the course of like 10 years, all language has collapsed. Apparently this was another thing I found odd. Everyone's like going like Babby, Babby come like, and it's like, it's not long enough ago. I don't feel. There would have been so many people who didn't have parents, like, cause people are just constantly dying though. Like even if you're born in this new world, you're, your parents are getting like skin cancer or, you know, uh, they're eating some off beef. Uh, yeah, don't want that. Prefiguring the, uh, the mad cow disease crisis of the nine. And I guess also you, you become then it, the society is just forage. Like, the, what we need to teach you now is to get food, get food and survive. So actual communication is not priority. Yeah. We get a scene of children being educated by like watching like an old VHS tape, like of like learning channel stuff, like in a, in a cinema where all of the seats have been stripped out. Um, it's not clear where the electricity is coming from. But that's the thing is there's just some of these black and white photo quarter snapshots that shows people with like kind of recovering old steam engines and things like that. And I, the impression I got was that there has been a kind of like things have rebuilt to some extent, but that it's, it's, you know, they said that the Britain's population is basically at medieval levels. It's between four and 11 million people. At one point, they said that there's just simply no resources to bury bodies. So there's like 10 to 20 million unburied corpses that, you know, after the, the, the actual exchange. And there's the scenes, I think, uh, with Ruth and Jane right before Ruth dies, because she has, people have cataracts because the UV problem, the, the extreme UV radiation. And that's one of the more, the only Jamie, you made this point about like, it isn't really shot to be cinematic, but that scene of them kind of just tilling a field in this, just like stark, but kind of oversaturated kind of like, like, like high speed film kind of grainy feel that to me, I was like, this, this starts to feel a little bit artistic, but also just like, I don't know, just grim. Like it's like, instead of darkness, grim and like burned out wreckage, grim, it's just like agrarian grim, but in a, like a really just kind of like sun bleach sort of stripped of all life way. And everyone's dressed in rags, everyone, all the older people just seem completely insane. Uh, when the children are watching the old VHS cassette, like there's an old woman just kind of mouthing along, the words. Um, and then there's, yeah, there's a shot of them working in the fields, which is kind of, it's quite reminiscent of like the opening scenes of Borat. See, I, this is so funny because you went in such a different direction. I was sort of like, this is to me, I was like, we got Ingmar Bergman to shoot this one scene for threads. That's what was 395,000 pounds of the budget. The 5,000 pounds were spent on the rest of it. Um, but you, you, you saw Borat instead. So, I mean, like, you know, it's, it's, it's all subjective, but then Jane more or less gets jumped into a gang of like youth looters. And we see her running with these boys. One of them gets shot and killed and eating bread. And then this turns into, I mean, I'm not going to go. So I kind of interpreted as rape, but like, I don't know how you're supposed to take it. But basically one way or the other, there's sexual intercourse between her and this boy. And then she gets pregnant and has a deformed mutated baby. And we know this because the baby comes out basically, and then they hand it to her and it, it looks grim from a distance, but we're like, we don't see in detail. And the film basically stops with her horrified expression, looking at the baby who's wrapped in bloody rags. Yeah. So I think originally she had three more babies and then a giant rat towards them. Ninja skills. But no, the interpretation I got was that it was, it was a, it's a, it's a rape baby. And then the baby is a mutant, which like the film just is designed to just keep adding bleakness because overall the point of it is when people watch it, there would have been people watching this who were like, why don't we just nuke Russia? And it's like, no, every single thing that happens after this will be bad and not just bad at the moment, but everything after will be worse and worse and worse. If you didn't die in the bomb, you will eventually, you know, have a mutant baby. And you did not consent to that baby. Like nothing is designed to be like, well, there's this glimmer of hope though. It's just all less. Yeah. If you put a glimmer of hope in threads and 20 years later, people are like, Oh, it's steampunk. Isn't the future cool? Solar punk. And it's like me, there's one guy being like, well, I don't really have much employable skills, but there are a lot of rats where I live. So you're saying is I could get some ass, get a lot of ass in the future. Do you know what though? Not a phone in sight. Just people enjoying themselves. Yeah. They're constantly taking you out with a new thing. Like you're going to have a mutant baby, but his mutations will make him really good at football, but he's going to play for Everton. And they're like, no, there's like this scene of a guy sitting next to basically like lit by campfire light next to what looks like a statue of like angel of mercy or like some kind of religious statue, basically drinking himself to death while also crying and playing like one of the tiger LCD game that the little boy who asked about abortions was playing with before he got killed in the attack. And it's just sort of like, I remember I'm 40. I remember playing those games. I'm just like, yeah, sometimes when I felt that depressed when I couldn't fucking manage to make the horrible little buttons work, but I don't necessarily know if, like part of, part of it is like, this is meant to be like this contemporary, like look at this, look at all of these trappings of society, just kind of undone. But now 40 years later, you look at it, you're like, well, this is maybe a little bit ridiculous. I mean, like, this would be kind of funnier if they were just like smash cutting to the parts of the world that are fine. Like, you know, just like there's a guy like, you know, he's, he's considering eating a rat or whatever. And then it cuts to Australia. And there's just a guy just sinking pints in the sun. Just like fucking mental. Have you heard about Sheffield? Fucking crazy, mate. Have you seen the before and after on that? Absolutely. The same. Yeah. When the, when the date came up of what, when the attack happened there, because I did a little bit of research and I was like, why is this making me so sad that it's the 25th of May? And I realized that's the FA cup weekend normally. So I checked 1984 and the FA cup was played on May 19. So it would have happened. So at least we went out after the FA cup and ever, ever and beat Watford to know. Wow. Even the Russians have a bit of respect. Yeah. Yeah. They probably planned it earlier in there. Hang on lads. It's been a tough campaign for the toffees. Let's let them get through. They didn't, they didn't realize that they were speaking. They were uncurling the monkey's paw kind of thing. They're like, well, we've won the FA cup. I don't care if the full scope of mutually assured destruction takes place and 4,000 nukes are launched on Western Europe. In fact, I welcome it. Please,  mayo, truly the West is in decay, but it's incredible what David Moyes has done with this side. Please, we must let them see it out. Par me as a scouser thinks, like, because obviously as a Northern I'm watching this, you're like, oh, you in your head, you associate like London is the one that will get nuked. Well, I do think like given our behavior towards the UK and like how we boo the national anthem, maybe we'd be spared if there was an attack. They'd be like, ah, they're all right. They're pretty Irish. Don't worry about it. I was, I was curious about that because, uh, being, being from the North, like to me, there's a part of me that wondered if the, the reason why they picked Sheffield was because it wasn't the kind of place that people would immediately think as a target or as a place that would be, you know, like in the crosshairs, uh, during a nuclear exchange, or also if it was sort of like, uh, kind of trying to sell it as a sort of like every man thing that like, this is meant to be, you know, like we, we, we've, we've cast this and we've set this to be like a kind of quintessential, sort of not, not center of power, center of government kind of thing, just like regular people. Um, Comrade general secretary, I have come from future to give you a warning. There is going to be a man one day. His name is Nick Clegg. We have to stop this from happening. Comrade on Dropoff, I have seen the future. There is film called, fuck me, the full Monty that is going to be shot in Sheffield. We can't, we can't, we can't, we can't, we can't, we can't, we can't make a man dancing gay way. Uh, show us the post Fred's full Monty. Exactly. Yeah. Peeling off the flesh that's already dripping from you. I think they pick Sheffield because there's no, like, unless you're a proper snob in the UK, there's no real disdain towards Sheffield. Like it's, it's a Northern town, but obviously the, you know, there's different relationships between Manchester and Liverpool to how they deal with the rest of the UK. But I think anywhere in the country just goes, Oh, that, that is a city here. That is not London. And so it's, it's that relatability. Yeah. They've picked the blandest possible Northern city. They were like, we're looking for something with no associations. Basically it's steel. That's it. The full Monty has not yet been released. No one's heard of Sheffield. If they shot, if they shot this film and it was set in London, then all of a sudden, basically everyone North of Darby tries to write in Ronald Reagan at the next general election. They're like, we want this to happen, but we need to eliminate London. London. Imagine if they just nuked London, that would be a, I'd be on my feet the whole time. Like a dad watching a film. Just like, I mean, that's a, what's interesting to me, I suppose, is that like, this was meant to be polemic. This was meant to be just extremely anti-nuclear, nuclear arms statement. And I don't think that it comes across as like, clumsy or ham-fisted now. I mean, I think there's certain elements where I feel like you would, you struggle to kind of understand the immediacy of it because we've lived so long without this notion of like, if, if, if some crisis takes place, if some tipping point is reached, then like the possibility exists of all of these nuclear arms being aimed at, you know, all over the world. Like I, I can, I'm just old enough to remember like pop culture things, making reference to that, but I'm not old enough to actually have been like, Oh, I'm scared. The Soviet union's going to nuke us. Whereas like, I have friends back home who are probably about 10 years older than me. And like, they grew up, you know, they were teenagers in the mid eighties where like this genuinely in the, it seems like in the mid eighties, there was like this very acute fear kind of fatalism about the idea that like, we're, it's, we're just one, one false move away from like full, everything's, everything gets annihilated. In fact, there's some dumb movie about like kids, teens and kids going to fucking like NASA astronaut camp for kids where like, there's a plot where some guys like, Oh, who cares? Like fucking, we're all going to get nuked anyway. And it's like, that was kind of a throwaway line, but that was, you know, in a film made in like 1985, that was, I think that was part of the background. And I don't know what it was like in the UK, but, um, I guess this had enough of an impact. I mean, the review, the reviews it got were pretty superlative and then like they, they found a way to, to make Ronald Reagan remember how to sit and make him watch this movie. So. Well, this had a huge impact on the UK. I think a lot of people, when they talk about this, they say they couldn't sleep or it just, stayed with them for a long time. So it, it did work. I think because also it doesn't take, because it, there's no politics in this. It's not saying, you know, Oh guys, this is how we need to sort out the Middle East or anything like that. It just states it as fact. if we go to nuclear war, this is what happens. And it's, it's not, it's, it's not trying to sway you in any way. It's just saying, here you go. There you go. That's what happened. It's, it's trying to make you anti-nuclear war. It's trying to turn you into a woke leftist. Mate, it's the rainbow flag at the end that really gets me. Yeah. That's, that's the problem is that the nuclear blast eliminated all genders. And now it's just like, everyone gets to pick their own gender in utero. You know, there's no standardization anymore. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's why Jimmy was late. Cause he was taking a knee to the stock racism. I was thinking too, that, that watching this now as a, as a 19 year old without any kind of cultural reference, it just seemed like an odd artifact, like a cold war thing. And I had a lot of cultural references that I didn't get. Cause I hadn't spent any time in the UK. I lived in the UK for six years and I'm a parent now. And I think it really hit a lot differently. And like in a way that like, I don't think I'm gonna lose sleep over it, but like I found it pretty profoundly affecting. I think the scene where Ruth gives birth, it's pretty depressing. Yeah. And the scene where Ruth gives birth, cause I remember when my wife gave birth to our daughter and like, just the idea of like, you're in this horrible freezing cold nuclear winter with nothing and like trying to keep a baby warm. Like that really kind of hit me in a way. That I wasn't expecting it to, but there's a degree to which like, I think as it progresses and it just becomes more and more like extended timeline of the horrors, it stops having as much of like the immediate kind of like emotional crushing effect of the, the, the, the post blasts call it like third of this film where like all the people's normal lives are getting destroyed. And you're watching like, the watching society collapse part, I think is, is a lot harder emotionally than the sort of like, now we're in the post apocalypse, medieval steampunk future where everyone speaks the weird language, you know, the, the, the kids all talk in like kind of jibber jabber, uh, you know, they're making a, uh, 2030s post nuclear war version of adulthood. Like, it's just, yeah. There's a really funny bit in the kind of the post blast bit where, um, it's when the, it's when the looters get, they should, they shoot one of the looters and they arrest the other two. And then you just got the squad. He's like talking as they're like going through their stuff. And he's like, he's like, Oh, he's got a packet of crisps. And one of them goes, what flavor are they? And he goes, prawn cocktail. He's like, fuck's it. Even in the post blast foods, guests, they're like, what kind of fucking loser would get prawn cocktail. If I were only, if I were a generation older, you know, just pop out with really irritating American accent. Like, I like them. They're such a novel flavor. We don't have those back home to like send him to the fucking detention camp right away. All survived is this big job. of pork scratchings, which I've taken from the office. So, I mean, I guess looking at the kind of legacy of it, I do feel like, um, I, I agree with you. Like it's not to be like, Oh, they're too woke nowadays. I feel like you, I do think you would struggle to make a film that would have this, that would be able, that would, that would, because on one hand, I think like showing the really kind of visceral stuff, the way they did, there would be a question of more like, is it worth the controversy? And also I think with VFX, it's easier. I mean, you can, you can have, you know, you can literally have the fret, oh, frog fucking just appear and do whatever. Like you can do whatever you want. It's, you can, you can make any strange thing happen and seem decently plausible with, with VFX now. Whereas back then, like they had to build the sets. They had to, there's a reason why that you have those weird kind of like split frame cuts where it's like the building. And then it's just an explosion of a completely unrelated thing. Like this is kind of like kind of representing the building exploding. Like, so I think technically they did what they could and that's why it achieved it. But I think also more importantly, it had, to my eyes, it probably had the effect it had because it was, it was addressing like a sort of like a worst case, what if of a genuine concern? Yeah. I mean, if they made it now, you'd have to have like Sarah Lancashire as the embattled chief executive of Sheffield council, you know, sort of strutting around. There'd be, you know, they'd be throwing in a few celebrity cameos. You'd probably have like Anthony from blue in there somewhere. I think that in the end, the main word is hope. There'd be hope if you made it now, there's no way you could just have something that's so devoid of like any possible future. They'd have the, the baby would be born through love and be like, it'd be the, the children of men end and when it's like, and look though, here we go. We will carry on and fight. But this is like, no, whatever comes out, you need to hear. We're rock. Okay. Bye. You know, that is the official new NHS policy actually. Yeah. I mean, didn't we have to also see the, I'm trying to think about it. Like, um, help me out, Milo. My, my brain is completely a sieve, but what was the, what was this? The horrible, uh, dystopian Britain, Viv Kemp is the deck dictator, Russell Tovey's concave ass, all that stuff. That's the mini series. Oh, years and years. That was it. Yeah. Like years and years, you know, it posits this dystopian future that somehow they, they save it at the last minute because they managed to, to live stream the extermination camp. And everyone's like, well, that's not proper. And it's like, yeah, well, because, because a man lies about taking exactly. Yeah. And is able to escape a refugee camp by saying the words bins mate to the guard. It doesn't someone become AI in that as well though. Where? Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's this like weird plot line where it's like, you feel like it's trying to do like a metaphor for being trans, but it's like their daughter believes she's a computer. I want to like, trying to become a computer. Yeah. Geez. Yeah. I mean, I agree with you though, that there would have to be a weird kind of hopeful angle. And I mean, the only hopeful angle here in this is like, well, the sun did come out. It kills you faster now, but the sun did come out. He's got his hat on. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're sat there going like, Oh, it's nice that, isn't it? Bit of sunshine. I know. It's been so long since we've had any sunshine. I feel like that it would have been like someone telling the story of the nuke and going, aye, but we were happy. It were good times. London was fucked. I'm just remembering. We shot this, this video podcast and, um, uh, we had Jeremy Vine on and he told stories about some of the insane things people would say coming, calling into his show. And he, he said that at one point people were complaining about, uh, I can't remember what it was specifically about people like the, it was, it was like mental health, like support and stuff. Do you think the caller was like, do you think people were crying about mental health at the Psalm? No, the quote was nobody was having panic attacks at the Psalm, which is so perfect. Cause it's like, I think you'll find they were, I think you'd find that's kind of where the panic attack was invented. As a concept. Them, them poems famously saying like, things are great here. This, this whips actually. Lovely time. There's no woke in the trenches. That's the best thing about it. Dolce decorum es. The Germans are all right, really. Just in general, everything is Dolce decorum right now. I'm feeling good, you know, feeling great, feeling happy. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Dolce decorum, simple as no worries. So long story short, this is a, yeah, this, this wound up being a lot more depressing than I thought it was going to be, that I recalled it being, but I don't know. I'm going to seed cause I've seed the floor here. I've talked a bunch about this because I guess feel like it's like a million thoughts. I wanted to get out, but I don't know if you got any like last thoughts, impressions. Yeah. Jamie, do you have any thoughts about whatever? Just to check, did you guys, the director, Mick Jackson, did you see what his followups were? No. So this, he directed The Bodyguard and Volcano. Whoa. What? Yeah. What a filmography. Yeah. So he, Gary Oldman saw a friend, made him direct, or not made, he asked him to come direct a small independent film. And then it literally like dominoes into this guy directing The Bodyguard. Wow. And also Volcano is like a hilariously bad movie. That's got Tommy Lee Jones in it. Yeah. I need to rewatch Volcano now with the eye of this guy directed Fred's. Have you seen Volcano overlooking Sheffield? Looks bloody angry. Yeah. I'm just going to say, I mean, um, the long dormant volcano under the Yorkshire Dales erupts and Sheffield is fucked yet again. But it is kind of a, a wild jump to go from that. And it's not that many years later to being like, I'm going to do a movie of like a romantic drama with, uh, with Kevin Costner and Whitney Houston featuring, uh, probably the biggest hit single of Whitney Houston's career. Uh, yeah. You know what? This is a normal trajectory. See, boomers had it really easy. You know, you could direct a movie on 400,000 pounds where basically a guy watches a nuclear bomb go off while sitting on the toilet. And they're like, make this man, the director of Hollywood, Hollywood blockbusters. He's got a bright future ahead of him. Well, he also did a, he did a film called Clean Slate, which is a Dana Carvey comedy about a PI that loses his memory every 24 hours. What? Like comedy memento? Yeah. I think I killed my wife. Memento with japes. Well, I tell you what, a lot of people would love to kill their wife. Wouldn't they? Am I right? Mementos. Mementos. Yeah, exactly. It's a, you know, people figure out that he has to read the tattoos to recall his memory. So they just start putting things to like, throw him off as rude jokes on there. Be like, yeah, it's like, I'm stupid. Yeah. Tattooing a swastika on him while he's asleep and he gets out and he's like, Oh no. It's like, Oh no. Don't believe his lies. He made you stick your dick in a VCR. Cause you thought it would be funny. Yeah. Yeah. Don't believe the woke lies. Oh, okay. Yeah. They should have got Winnie Houston to do the music for threads. That could have been, she could have done a whole song about the 40 P to the lie cheese. I do appreciate that. They had a guy with one monophonic synthesizer to play basically scary computer noise. And it's just, that's the refrain is just sort of like kind of thing that just happens periodically. It's just kind of the, it's the bad things are happening again. Kind of like a, you know, synth refrain. David Bowie did the song for when the wind blows, which was like an animated film two years after this, uh, about nuclear fallout. And I was like, well, there is no more David Bowie. So now it'd be like Sabrina Carpenter doing a song. How many rats for this ass? You know, I mean, the sexy fallout done. She's got like the bandage around her head, but she's like, you know, she's on the floor, like twerking. It's kind of also implying that like the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the charming and beautiful sex worker with a heart of gold and it discovers her real worth. It's like you've basically have the plot of pretty woman, but set in the threads apocalypse. Richard gear is just a guy with a lot of rats. Yeah. The man, the man with the, with all the rats is King. Um, I reckon that about tears it, doesn't it? I reckon we're done. Good work. Jamie, uh, do you have stuff you want to plug? I know you said you've got some shows coming up, but also, I don't know, uh, there's other. Oh God. Yeah. Uh, well, yeah, I'm a standup comedian. So if you follow me on Instagram, Alan and Jamie, I always put my gigs up on there. Um, you should and must. Yeah. I always enjoy Jamie's Instagram posts. It's, it's Toby Carvery based quite a lot of the time. And, and I've got a film podcast as well, uh, called the best movie too with the number two. And we just every, well, when I can be bothered to record, we just, uh, answer us now, like what's the best movie to watch when you're hungover? What's the best movie to watch if you've just been dubbed? Uh, so if you like movies or you like the sound of my voice, it's worth, uh, giving that a look as well. I find it. Yeah. I'm going to be going on soon. So I was just say with the Toby Carvery reference, I remember when, uh, Dan Beckner from, um, from Bottlemen and also Wolf Parade and also now Arcade Fire, uh, told us the story that now that he's a touring member of Arcade Fire, when they toured the UK, they put them up in like central London, like nice hotels with room servers. Whereas the rest of his career up until that point, he'd been in indie bands with no budget. And so he actually experienced the UK in a way that was way truer to the truth, to the reality than most America or Canadian tourists in that like every experience he had in Southern England is like, oh yeah, they put, put us up in a travel lodge like 40 miles from central London. And we went to a Toby Carvery or like a motorway services, KFC or something like that. It's like, yeah, you actually know what real England is like. Yeah. They experienced the real Britain. Yeah. Cause you know, Toby Carvery survived in threats. Yeah, exactly. They just switched to rat meat. Exactly. The man in the tricorn hat, but like one, one end of it has just completely been blown off. Toby Carvery on a, on a Friday night. It's so busy. You know, everyone's got their little like home built push cart, like kind of dolly carts. And they've got the traffic warden directing them. He's got the mask and everything. Dead baby in a big Yorkshire. A guy posts, pouring irradiated gravy over it. Yeah. But you can have as much, you can have as much veg as you want though. Yeah, exactly. But you have to crush the barley with a stone. Yeah. Don't ask me how I made the cauliflower cheese. Yeah. And so, yeah. And also if you are in the UK, listening to this, I am in Oxford on Thursday, the 21st, Liverpool, Friday, the 22nd with Jamie. Jamie's going to be my support act. And Manchester on the 23rd leads on the 25th, but that's sold out. And sadly, I'm not going to be in Sheffield due to the loss. So yeah, please do get around those. And thank you for listening to Britainology. Thanks for being a patron subscriber. We really appreciate you. Thank you so much. We'll talk to you again soon. What more can we say? Before the end of the month, we promise. All right. Bye guys. See you guys. See you guys.