Hey everybody, it's Brian here just popping in right at the top to let you all know that we have a Discord now.
That's right, we have an official Worst of All Possible Worlds Discord server.
And how may I join that?
You may ask or may not ask.
Well, don't worry if you didn't ask because I asked for you.
So the answer is that you go to our Patreon, patreon.com slash worstofall and sign up.
And it's linked right there in the Patreon.
You join the Patreon, you join the Discord server.
If you have Discord.
If you don't have Discord, you won't join the Discord server.
But you can at any time if you are subscribed to us over at patreon.com slash worstofall.
So come on in and join the fun.
Anyway, on with the show.
So I went to a wedding this past week in California.
And I got to spend some...
California.
Yes, and Brian, you were also there for a brief amount of time.
And we like high-fived in the air.
It was my wedding.
I'm married.
Congratulations to Brian.
To the sea.
On his nuptials.
It was very hard to get us the entire sea into that church.
But I was very proud of you.
Is that a comment about her weight?
Okay.
So I got to hang out with my parents, which was really lovely.
And we got to talking about the show.
About the worst of all possible worlds.
And I mentioned that I didn't, you know, really know too much about Star Trek.
And that was sort of a very common language amongst the two of you.
And suddenly my mom perks up.
She just lights up like a Christmas tree.
Lights up like a Christmas tree.
She's like, do you remember the episode where it was a bunch of heads in jars?
It was like Aristotle or Plato.
And they all had their heads in these jars.
And they were just like talking about like current events or whatever.
Isn't that Futurama?
No.
That's what I thought.
She's making a reference to a couple of things.
One of them being, I think, the Gamesters of Triskelion.
Okay.
But they're brains.
Yes.
Okay.
But there are a couple points.
There are a couple different like arena episodes.
One where like historical figures are summoned to like fight each other.
Yeah.
Mom was like, oh, do you need me to get the name of the episode?
And I'm like, no, no, no.
I have fact checkers in real time.
And then there's also Plato's Stepchildren.
That's another episode.
That's the one that has the first interracial kiss between a black person and a white person
on television.
And that's Uhura and Kirk, right?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
I'm really excited for when we eventually get to Star Trek.
But my mom was just like, she lit up, right?
And she was talking about these brains in jars, apparently.
And she was just like, I think that's kind of my nirvana.
And I was like, being a head in a jar?
Sure.
Yeah.
Just living forever, talking about current events.
And I think a lot about like why I love The Simpsons so much.
And if it ever needed to be proven to be, it's because my mom is Marge in the one very
particular way in that she finds her potatoes.
Yeah.
And she just thinks they're neat.
When I was first watching The Simpsons, I watched through it in 2020.
Right.
It was very, very late in my life.
Very recent.
That's wild to me.
Because it is such a part of your like programming now.
Yeah.
And I kind of just would have assumed it always would have been because it's so your shit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's also sort of the inverse of like most people's experience with The Simpsons, which
is that they get their references from The Simpsons.
Right.
You knew the references going into watching The Simpsons.
Right, because I watched a lot of old TV growing up.
And there's a point when they start figuring out how to write Marge.
Yeah.
And a lot of it really is like, oh, that is that is my mother.
That's that is to a T.
And there's a point where I said to my mom, I was like, I just watched this episode where
they go to a Renaissance fair.
It's the episode where Lisa marries Mandy Patinkin.
And at the beginning, you know, Marge is so excited at this Ren Fair and she comes across
a loom and she's like, watch this.
And she weaves out very quickly.
Hi, Bart.
I am writing on a loom.
And I was just like, that's that's mom.
And so I told her about this scene and she's like, why do you think that is it because of
the loom?
I said, what loom?
She's like, oh, the loom that I used to have when I was in high school.
You know, my good old fashioned loom.
And I was like that.
I never told you about.
Yeah, no, mom, you're actually more like Marge than I realized.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
Welcome to the worst of all possible worlds, the first and only podcast recorded on a loom.
I am the worst of all possible AJ's.
I'm the worst of all possible Brian's.
And I'm the worst of all possible Josh's.
We're back with you for yet another case study in the pop culture of a dying empire.
That's right.
This time around, we're actually taking a look at one of my favorite movies.
Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness.
That's wrong, Brian.
The only true masterpiece in the Marvel canon.
He's talking about Alex Strangelove, the teen comedy on Netflix about a boy discovering that he's gay.
We are talking about Stanley Kubrick's classic motion picture, Doctor Strangelove, or how I learned to stop worrying and love the bomb.
You did the read from the trailer.
I don't know.
That doesn't sound real.
No one would make something with that long a title.
Is that because you make things with long titles?
I make things with long titles.
Hey, I gotcha.
Oh, no, no.
That was an AJ Lord joke.
Is that not clear?
I'm making a joke about me and my own whole deal.
Yeah, we named our podcast The Worst of All Possible Worlds.
What did you expect?
But yeah, this is one that I remember watching quite a while ago, and it was exciting to come back to this one because somebody who was at our show, our live show in Colorado Springs, bid on our charity auction for Prism, the queer community shelter there in Colorado Springs.
We will link that in the description below.
Go give them some money.
Give them some money.
Just do it.
And they're doing great work.
And one of the people who donated quite a bit of money was Nick Goy.
Thank you, Nick, for giving far more money.
In the case of all of this stuff for the auction.
Yeah.
Everybody donated far more than I think any of us were.
We were floored by your generosity.
And you sent us a list of five topics that we could pick from.
And you requested that Dr. Strangelove be a fancy movie time movie.
But Josh loves this movie so much.
We were like, this has to go on the main feed.
Yeah, this is a movie that Josh actually watched, first of all.
Yeah.
It's a miracle in its own right.
It's true.
Yeah.
And it's like, yeah, this is definitely a worst of all possible worlds movie to talk about.
Oh, absolutely.
Sure.
And there's also other topics on that list, which we had always kind of wanted to do anyway.
So you're really getting your money.
You might get more than you thought, Nick.
It might take a while.
It might take a while, but we will get there.
They're all really good recommendations.
And this is also, I just want to say that somebody also bid on a commercial to be made.
And that person has not contacted us yet.
Yeah.
If you ended up in our spam folder, we apologize.
Just try sending us an email again or contacting us on Patreon or wherever.
Yeah.
Send me ideas because I really would love to write that commercial.
And if you don't also just want to give money, that's fine.
No pressure.
But I'd love to write free if I can.
But yeah, let's sort of get to the topic at hand today.
This motion picture.
Josh, when did you first see this?
Was this a kid movie for you?
I think I probably saw it.
Definitely as a teenager.
Yeah.
Cool, cool, cool.
Because there was a pure-
It's a high school movie, I feel.
It's very much like you see this when you're fucking 16 or whatever.
You're like, blah, you know.
Yeah.
There's a few movies that are sort of in this world for me, this time where I was sort of
identifying kind of what my political alignment is and also getting a better sense of my own
personal aesthetic.
And I think the thing about this movie was that it just hit on so many things so effectively.
Yeah.
And managed to be a movie that was both really funny and really thought-provoking, which
maybe sounds like a very like, you know.
It makes you laugh.
But it also makes you think.
Right?
I think it's like, yeah, shut the fuck up.
But I don't know.
It just hit me in a particular way.
And it was really great coming back to it this time around because it's a lot funnier
than I even remember it being.
Me too.
Like, actually laugh out loud funny.
Yeah.
It's so ridiculous.
In a way that I remember chuckling at it my first watch through it.
But this time, I was like, genuinely had to pause it and take a lap because it was so
fucking funny.
And also, Bleak, my God.
Yeah.
Talk about a movie that drops the bomb and is not afraid to show you the carnage.
Which is also part of why I think it's so funny.
And I think when you get a little bit older, you have more of a frame of reference for,
I don't know, life.
And there's something about seeing these absolute fucking cretins in the way that they control
everything and being like, oh, just like in real life.
Yeah.
I think growing up and seeing real life is really important because as a kid, you can
see these guys sort of archetypically.
It's like, oh, here they're written.
You know, they have silly names.
They're very broad.
But then when you're an adult and you meet other, especially other men, you're like,
oh, these are just actual guys I have encountered in my life.
Yeah.
These are real, real guys.
And especially if you start going into the conspiracy forums, you're going to meet a
lot of Jack Rippers.
You know, the communists are coming from my cummies.
That's right, Adrian.
Yeah.
And I've got a whole section about water fluoridation.
Yeah.
For later.
I am so excited to get into that.
So let me just take a big sip of tap water.
Oh, no, you can't.
The communists.
So, Brian, when did you first see this movie?
Was this a kid movie for you?
No.
No.
The only Kubrick movie that I saw as a child was 2001, which I saw a shit ton.
I have never seen that movie.
All the time.
Because my dad's a big space boy.
Sure.
Right.
So, like, yeah, 2001, very important in my family.
Yep.
And then it was probably there.
There was like a point where my brother would come back from college and then we'd rent a
bunch of movies from Blockbuster and then just like marathon them at night.
So this might have been one of those where it's just like, OK, let's just watch all this
shit that like is part of some, you know, Big Lebowski and Fight Club and everything.
And so it's like, I love it.
Like, of course.
Yeah.
Like, let's include Dr. Strangelove and The Shining into that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I think that I probably watched it with my brother then.
And yeah, I mean.
Great movie.
Great movie.
I don't I don't know if it totally like blew my mind at the time because I think my expectations
for it were built up by all the things around that referenced it.
Sure.
Yeah.
You know, Watchmen and all this other stuff.
And so I may have been more just caught off guard by exactly what the movie is.
Yeah.
Because I had sort of, you know, you just sort of build something up after a while.
There's so many moments that are part of the verbal and visual vernacular of American
culture.
You know, gentlemen, no fighting.
This is the war room.
That's the big one.
The big fucking ring light over the big fucking table.
Right.
The guy the guy riding the bomb down at the end.
Spoiler for the end of Dr. Strangelove, I guess.
That's the one I remember because that's on The Simpsons.
Right.
OK.
And they recreate even the weird like like composite shot nature on The Simpsons of Homer
riding that bomb down.
They like meticulously put that together.
So it has that same sort of weird pacing as that scene.
I'm really excited to actually talk about that moment in particular because I actually
remember watching this movie and I remember that scene being completely different than what
I think it actually is.
Because The Simpsons had kind of warped its way in there.
Because it had sort of warped its way into the mind.
You had your own fucking Mr. Burns moment.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, absolutely.
You know, this is this was not my first Kubrick, but it was probably one of my first.
I think.
OK.
I think weirdly my first Kubrick was Clockwork Orange, which is a really horrifying like one
to start with.
How old were you?
I think I was in high school when I saw Clockwork for the first time.
AJ, I've never asked you this, but I just had the thought.
Did you ever think about doing film school?
Was that ever of interest to you?
Or not particularly because film to me always felt more math.
Like it was about I don't I'm not a big.
I think Kubrick would have agreed with you.
Yeah, no, Kubrick would have been like, absolutely.
But yeah, no, it always I'm not a big visual thinker necessarily.
I think mostly in in words and like the things I can conjure in my head.
But like in terms of like compositing a shot, I'm not sure particular.
That's not my forte.
It's also why I'm not really a director because I have a hard time making those pictures sing
on stage.
But my buddies certainly do.
All of my childhood friends went into film and I saw that they had a much more.
Had much more aptitude for that.
But I was much more in it for the dialogue, which as we'll learn about Kubrick was the
thing that he didn't particularly care about too much.
Yeah, it's interesting.
Especially in the early days.
I mean, part of part of why I asked is that and now now we're getting into the deep Josh
lore here is that I I did for a time want to be a filmmaker actually.
Oh, wow.
The whole you should have you should have watched a couple of movies.
I know, right?
Yeah, that would help.
But that's what's so funny was like there was a period of time where I was watching a lot of
movies and then I sort of like in college really decided that theater was more the thing that I really, really liked.
Yeah.
And politics.
And I mean, come on.
I can't get enough of them.
Dr. Strangelove was one of the movies that I saw.
It was like this one.
Office Space was another one.
Of course.
These were the movie.
Tim Burton's Big Fish, actually.
Oh, yeah.
These were a big softy.
These were all movies that like made me as a teenager be like, wow, there's an interesting
sort of visual vernacular that is being captured here that also has rhetorical effect.
Yeah.
I was very interested in that.
And I think that's the big thing that I'm going to be interested in talking about today.
Yeah.
Old Stanley Banley Kubrick.
That's his middle name.
Yeah.
I guess there's like a controversy around his middle name, which probably didn't exist.
No, no, because OK, so there is no I could not find on the Internet what his middle name
is.
He probably doesn't have one.
He might not.
But all of his siblings do.
So that's kind of weird.
No, this is true of my grandfather.
Oh, yeah.
On my mom's side, he had no middle name, but his siblings all had middle names.
Yeah.
There's a point.
There's just a thing that people did back then.
This one doesn't get one.
Who cares?
There's an interview with Anthony Burgess where he's talking about Kubrick and he refers
to him as Stanley J. Kubrick.
Yeah.
The Reverend Dr. James Dobson.
But again, it's like it's like there is no like hard documentation that I could find.
I don't know that it's some sort of weird inside joke.
Like Shakespeare in his second best bed kind of thing that like no one's ever going to
know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But one.
But this is a filmmaker where a lot of mystique sort of surrounds him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
Particularly on like The Shining where it's like, what clues did he know?
I mean, when people talk about the filmmaker that they think faked the moon landing, it's
Kubrick.
Yeah.
And a lot of that has to do with sort of his very cold perfectionist kind of off-putting
personality.
Yeah.
This guy was a fucking asshole.
Yeah.
Well, yes.
Yes, he was.
Let's just say that Kubrick had his fixations.
He was neurodivergent.
Yes.
And a minor, surprisingly.
Oh, my God.
So Stanley Kubrick was born in 1928 in New York.
He grows up in the Bronx and he gets super into photography and chess.
Chess.
He knows the score from square one.
He's counting all 64.
What are you?
What is that?
Oh, it's from my new Checkers musical.
Oh, OK.
Is that about Nixon's dog?
It's about Nixon's dog.
It's the same poster as Annie, but with Nixon.
He's got the same circle eyes.
Same circle eyes.
Oh, my God.
Somebody needs to draw that.
That's on you, listeners.
Our listeners, if you would like to do a parody of the Annie poster in that style with Richard
M. Nixon and his little dog Checkers, you know, drop that shit in the comments.
The indictment will come out tomorrow.
So Kubrick is a terrible student, right?
He plays hooky and goes to the local movie parlor to watch some double features.
Movie parlor.
Yes.
It's a back room.
It's a splice.
It's a splice with curtains everywhere.
Yeah.
That's kind of what theaters are.
Yeah.
But the Nickelodeon, he was cranking it out all day.
He sure was cranking it out.
Oh, hey, oh.
Whoa.
Hey, no.
Calm down.
This man is dead.
He becomes his high school's photographer and begins to sell photographs to this magazine
called Look Magazine, where he would later go on to have a full time job.
He also plays chess in Washington Square Park to earn some extra cash.
Meaning he's he's scamming people.
He is a chess hustler.
He's hustling them.
Yeah.
I got hustled by a chess guy in Washington Square Park one time.
I wouldn't even.
Was it the arbiter?
I wouldn't even be good enough at chess to be hustled.
Like they could just they could just own me without doing any nasty tricks.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was it was fun, though.
I mean, I you know, I didn't I think I lost like a couple bucks on it, but it was it was
so good because like he really did a great job of trying to he made me think that I was
winning and then he did two moves and it was checkmate.
I was like, what the fuck?
Yeah.
It's kind of like, you know, the ice cream guys who like who like try and serve you
and the Turkish ice cream guys.
It's like that.
Like you're not paying necessarily for the ice cream.
A lot of it is the show.
And interestingly, that's actually what got Eric Adams was, you know, they pulled the
ice cream out in front of him and he was so impressed.
And he was like, yeah, I was.
Yeah.
They there's just a bunch of tech.
We are now the 30th left podcast to make that joke.
I don't care.
Cut it.
No, it's safe.
I love I love that.
There's a text message that says we have the ice cream and Eric Adams staff are saying
super back.
Yeah.
No, they just keep texting.
What ice cream?
Gone.
No.
He will not pay for this ice cream.
He goes on to work a full time job, as we said, at Look Magazine, and it sends him all
around the world.
He goes to Portugal.
He goes to Chicago.
While he's doing this, he becomes more and more obsessed with film theory.
And the thing that you that sort of a recurring motif with Kubrick over the course of his life
is that once he gets into something, he gets really into it.
The man reads so many books on film, on like doing movies.
He's calling production houses and be like, what are the rates for your cameras?
And they tell him the rates.
And they're like, would you like to rent one?
He's like, no, I just wanted to know the amount.
And they're like, what?
And he's hung up.
Yeah.
The thing is, he really gets to know cameras and lenses on on a almost a supernatural degree.
I don't want to overplay it too much.
He gets it by meticulously like looking at them and piecing things together and checking
the film when they worked on The Shining, he had them pair up every single lens with every
single camera and go through.
And he figured out which ones were the sharpest on each camera.
And that's what they had to hue to when he found out about the Zeiss lens that was sent
to the moon that had a wide open aperture that had never been made before.
You mean the one that he used to fake the moon landing, right?
The one that he used to fake the moon, the one that he had on the moon.
Right.
He actually went to the moon.
Yeah.
They brought a whole film crew up there, but they faked it, making it look like a couple
of hicks from Arkansas and Ohio were able to film it all themselves.
Yeah.
But when he got a hold of that Zeiss lens, which had like a, what was it?
Like a 0.07 F stop.
And he actually made his own modifications to that lens to put it onto a movie camera.
And that's why he was able to like shoot Barry Lyndon with natural candlelight because it
was so such a fast lens.
Oh man.
So cool.
One of the great scoundrels of cinema.
Yeah.
Oh, Barry Lyndon.
But yeah.
So he would watch these movies.
He'd go to MoMA a lot to like watch these film screenings.
And the legend goes that during the silent portions of the movies, he would watch intently.
And then the minute any actor started talking, he would go back to reading his paper because
he was more interested in the image composition because at the time he was a still photographer.
Right.
But this sort of this film bug just really grabs hold of his mind and won't let go.
He's told that in order to make a short film, it's going to cost him $40,000.
He has 1500 in the bank.
Yep.
He is able to.
It's time to play some more chess.
Let's go.
And he's able to raise $4,000 just based on family and friends giving his money.
He's basically doing a GoFundMe or a Kickstarter long before those things.
It used to be if you were an independent filmmaker, it still kind of is, but it used to be, I
think, easier to go to like every oral surgeon in the area and just be like, hey, do you
want to be a movie producer?
That's what the Coen brothers did.
Yeah.
Wasn't this a piece of Orson Welles backstory too, if I recall correctly?
And look, here's the thing about dentists and orthopedic surgeons in general.
They really help out in the arts.
They do.
Particularly if you need any lyrics rewritten.
Oh, very funny.
But it was another A.J.
Lord joke.
No, this episode is riddled with a baby.
Oral surgeon, not an orthoped.
Oh, that's true.
Good point.
Same thing.
They're the bones of the mouth.
My dad would get so mad at me if you heard that.
But it also goes back to the thing that we were talking about when we went on, well, there's
your problem.
The idea of like the dentist musical, right?
Yes.
Sometimes these guys have too much money, more money than they know what to do with.
They have questionable taste.
But if you can sort of secure the bag, you can get a great funding source from these guys.
This was before E-Trade and Robin Hood.
So they didn't have any other bullshit to send their money to.
Right.
And it's like, why not support the arts?
Yeah.
Right.
Why not?
And why not feed your own vanity?
Right.
Sure.
You get to be the investor.
That's right.
In a movie.
Yeah.
And especially when he gets a $9,000 loan later on from a pharmacist in California.
What?
$9,000?
He demands that his name be like executive producer, right?
It is.
It is very much a vanity thing.
This thing will outlive me.
And it's still on the film to this day.
Yeah.
So Kubrick used that $4,000 to make his first short film, Day of the Fight, which is a documentary
of the middleweight boxer Walter Cartier, who is a lovely little Irish scallywag, in 1951.
And he makes-
So at this point, he is 23.
So he's still neurodivergent, but no longer a minor.
Yes.
No, he has crossed over into being a neurodivergent adult.
Major.
He makes the movie for $3,900, and he sells it to RKO Pathé for $4,000.
Okay.
He makes $100.
That's not great.
So this is one way, I think, in which it's fair to say he's not an Orson Welles.
He's not.
He doesn't really have that knack for, like, making money.
Yeah, he's not.
He doesn't walk into the office and just go, I can make you a movie.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, not yet.
And we'll get to that in a little bit.
This is also, at the time it should be noted, the most RKO Pathé had ever paid for a short
film.
Like, he actually, he was able to do that.
Because the thing about Kubrick is that he is kind of a wheeler and dealer, but it's never
to, like, the advantage of him getting a shit ton of money.
It's just that he, so that his art can be the thing.
Yeah, to sort of zoom forward into the future, it allows him to negotiate deals with studios
that no one else would ever be able to get.
Right.
Eyes Wide Shut had, like, 380 production days.
More than a full year of just filming.
Yes.
That's insane.
And he's, I mean, obviously he had Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman in his corner at the same
time.
Yes.
But, like, that's what he does.
The Shining went way over schedule, shot for six months straight.
Yeah.
Well, it's insane.
The man, he does 40 or 50 takes of everything.
It's just, like, miles of film.
Right.
Yes.
Yes.
And so, and that adds up, obviously.
And the thing about Eyes Wide Shut in particular is that Tom Cruise really wanted him to, like,
break him in a way that, like, because.
Yeah.
Tom Cruise wanted a man to top him?
Interesting.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Let's not interrogate that anymore.
But he, so Kubrick goes on to make two other short films.
And he, until he makes his first feature, Fear and Desire, in 1953.
It is a commercial failure, but critics start seeing something in this kid.
Yeah.
Kubrick completely disowns this movie and tried for many years to, like, burn all copies of it
and make sure it could not be distributed.
Sort of like Eugene O'Neill in Exorcism.
Yeah.
He should have buried all wilderness.
Shots fired at him.
He died on my birthday.
We're coming for your ass, Gene.
Look out.
Jack Nicholson just burst to the door.
You rang.
Um, so Mark Van Doren, who is a scholar at Columbia, a film critic at Columbia, describes
Fear and Desire as beautiful, terrifying, and weird.
Yeah.
Which I think is something you could apply to pretty much every single Kubrick movie ever
made.
There's sort of a pre-Kubrick Kubrick.
Like, there's canonical Kubrick, and then there's movies that he made before that.
Canonical Kubrick.
You know, like Paths of Glory, Spartacus, which we'll get to in a minute.
This one, like, people kind of see them as, used to, actually.
I don't think it's the same anymore.
People used to see them as, like, different.
The movies that he was too constrained by before he could actually make a movie his own way.
Unleash his genius.
But I think the way that people talk about Kubrick now is they kind of embrace the whole
thing from beginning to end.
Yeah, because there is echoes of later Kubrick in these early films.
The follow-up to Fear and Desire is Killer's Kiss in 1955.
It's a noir.
It's barely over an hour long.
He made it that short because he ran out of money.
Yeah, this classic B-movie shit.
And he wanted to, like, actually do what you were saying, Josh.
The Orson Welles thing of, like, making a profit.
He needed a hit.
And this one also kind of strikes out.
It does not succeed in making him the money he does.
But he decides during this time to go back to playing chess in Washington Square Park.
And there he meets James B. Harris, who is a film producer who, over the course of playing chess, decides that he wants to start a production company with this kid.
Everybody's playing the game.
Yeah.
Like, that's the thing.
It's like, who isn't playing the chess?
Yeah.
Nobody's rules are the same.
That's the thing.
And that's where it really gets tricky.
Yeah, yeah.
But James B. Harris is satisfied.
Could make a hard man humble.
It could.
In this case, though, I can feel the devil sliding up.
It made a humble man hard.
That's what I was about to say.
Oh, man.
So they start a production company together.
And the first film they make is called The Killing.
It is in 1956.
It is a critical darling, as a lot of Kubrick's early stuff is.
But a commercial failure because, and this was not Kubrick's fault, the studio did not market it.
Yeah.
Like, at all.
It was done as a double feature with a silly western.
And not just not a lot of people saw it, but someone who did see it was Dorsherry, who was a playwright.
That's not a real name.
An executive at MGM.
Oh, Jesus.
Who sees The Killing and gives Kubrick enough money to make a film called Paths of Glory in 1957.
A film we won't get into much detail here, but I will be making us do a fancy movie time episode on.
Okay.
Because I fucking love that movie.
And I've never seen it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It is a movie.
I did a film class in college where we watched all the war movies that you wouldn't normally watch.
So it was it was this one.
It was unfortunately Birth of a Nation for some reason.
That's that's a movie that everybody watches.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And we'll watch it for this podcast someday because.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We need to talk about it.
But it sucks so hard.
Well, that's why.
Like, we're not celebrating it in any way.
The show's called The Worst of All Possible World.
Oh, it's so historically important, as is the play that it's based on or the well, the book that also spawned the play that was running at the same time as the film The Klansman.
Yeah.
Right.
Well, the thing you have to know about Paths of Glory is that it was a film that was incredibly anti-war.
Right.
But it was set during World War One.
So you could kind of get away with like, well, this isn't about the modern day, but we get 100 percent.
Yeah.
Right.
In a way that we will clearly see with Strangelove a little bit later.
Kubrick has some false starts in between this and his big, big hit.
Right.
There's a film called God Fearing Man, which is never made.
And there's a Brando picture called One Eye Jacks that Kubrick works on briefly and then tries to distance himself from.
But then we get the big hit.
Yeah.
We get Spartacus.
Kirk Douglas gives him a call on the phone and is like, I want you to direct my swords and sandals epic Spartacus.
And of course, this is a movie that was written by Dalton Trumbo, who is an actively blacklisted screenwriter.
Spartacus is nominated for eight Oscars.
It wins four of them.
But it was a horrible thing to shoot.
Kubrick had a really horrible time.
Big surprise.
Yeah.
No.
These are never happy, pleasant sets that Kubrick runs, but he makes some damn fine films out of them.
I mean, I think a lot of the production budget on Spartacus went towards getting Trumbo's bathtub onto the set so he could give script notes.
Loading it onto a fucking flatbed truck and driving it everywhere.
And just carting him around.
He kept spilling shit in there.
Spartacus becomes like Kubrick's big like moneymaker.
And that allows studios to be like, hey, bud, what do you want to do next?
Yeah.
Here's our new epic guy.
He can do the epics.
He can.
He can.
OK.
Now this.
Now this is epic.
But in fact, what he wants to do, his first choice after Spartacus is a little film called Lolita.
Yeah, we were talking about this before we started recording.
I haven't seen it, but it's really bad, I guess.
It's a piece of shit.
I got 10 minutes in and it's not a movie for me.
No, it's it's just done.
I don't really know.
It has so little commonality with the book.
Like, it's just like this weird comedy.
Yeah.
He tries to make it a little bit more like a black comedy in a way that I would argue he sort of masters in strange love.
But it's sort of the first draft of that.
Yeah, it's very strange.
But one of the people that he collaborates with on that movie is Peter Sellers.
Yes.
Who there are very few actors who do repeat Kubrick movies.
Yeah.
Particularly ones that do back to back.
There are very few directors that do repeat Peter Sellers movies.
Right.
No, exactly.
These two kind of deserve each other.
Yeah.
A match.
A match certainly made.
I mean, they're somewhere.
They're both absolute craftsmen.
Yes.
I think Kubrick was a far less volatile person.
I don't know if he was really a big substance abuser or even really like a cruel man outside of specific contexts.
But Peter Sellers was just a monster.
I mean, Blake Edwards hated the guy.
I'll tell you what.
Right.
They're both absolute craftsmen.
And they're also both absolute cracked men.
Oh, man.
That's a T-shirt.
Is it?
I have no idea.
Yeah.
So Peter Sellers is also the only actor that Kubrick allows to improvise until I think Full Metal Jacket.
Yeah.
He gets a more open approach.
Again, people think that he's like a super locked down director and that's not necessarily true.
But like you do something like Spartacus, everything in that, just as with any of the epics.
Yeah.
It's all word perfect.
Yeah.
And it doesn't feel Spartacus is the least Kubrick feeling movie of all the movies.
He was doing it as a work for hire.
It was his money movie.
But there is still a little, just a little bit of that texture in there, which makes it a very interesting watch.
But yeah, it's like every Hitchcock movie.
He didn't have any ad libs until his very last movie, Family Plot, where he let Bruce Dern just kind of say whatever he wanted to say.
So Lolita comes out and the studio censors it to shit.
Okay.
Right.
It is.
How could you possibly make a movie like that?
Like at that time?
How could you make a movie about Lolita?
Yeah.
Guys, are we going to make a movie about Lolita?
No, we are not.
Are we, are we referencing?
We are not doing that.
Stop trying to do that.
Just don't do it.
Come on.
Read the book.
The book is good.
Just let it be the book.
It's unadaptable.
Here's the thing that everyone seems to forget is that it's really a love story.
Oh, fuck off.
Jesus Christ.
No.
No.
Between two people.
Yeah.
No.
Mm-hmm.
God.
Edward Albee did an adaptation of it and it fucking sucks.
It's just unadaptable.
And that's fine.
It's fine.
It's fine.
Sometimes you should just read books.
Yeah.
Yeah, you sure should, Brian.
Yeah, yeah.
Do as I say.
I'm always saying this.
Not as I do.
But Kubrick's only regret about Lolita is that he's upset that it was censored as much
as it was.
And I'm like, okay, man.
Fuck off.
No other regrets like the fact that it's just bad.
Yeah.
No.
But it's bad because in his mind it was bad because it was censored.
But I don't think that's true.
So Kubrick is looking for another thing to do.
And during this time, he is reading a lot of books about nuclear bombs and about mutually
assured destruction.
He reads Henry Kissinger's book about nuclear warfare.
Yeah, that's Nuclear Weapons and Foreign Policy.
Yeah.
Thrilling title.
Thrilling book.
Thrilling man.
I had meant to get around to reading it before we recorded the podcast.
But then I had to do karaoke last night.
I think you made the better choice.
I can't imagine that man being a very thrilling writer.
But Kubrick is like reading all of this stuff and there's a paranoia of the time of the Cold
War that is seeping into his bones, even though this really isn't the height of it quite yet.
No, but I think the 50s, it gets kind of forgotten.
But I think the 50s is really the height of the paranoia because of also the paranoia running around in government with the whole communist infiltration thing.
Or maybe even just the late 40s.
And that's why they were able to capitalize on that to send us to Korea where everyone was like, I don't even know what that is.
Because, yeah, if Joseph McCarthy, obviously leading the sort of full on Red Scare and the purges and so forth, that was throughout the 1950s.
What I mean to say is that the peak of this tension would actually happen while he was researching and writing Dr.
Strangelove, which was the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Yes.
Right.
That is where things kind of come to a point.
A thing that actually just happened.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And so that happens while they're in development for this.
And basically all Kubrick needs is an outlet or a framing device to put all of his fascinations and his fixations and his neuroses into.
And he finds that in a book by Peter George called Red Alert.
Yes.
So I didn't read the whole book because after reading the first few pages, I was like, I don't want to read the whole book.
Just singing it at karaoke.
That's right.
Yeah.
Red Alert by Peter George is not a good book.
Just like it's not well written.
It's very cheesy.
And it's it's it's got the problem.
Do they have all those names?
Like are all the cartoonish names part of Red Alert?
No, no, no, no, no.
None of the like funny stuff is in there.
Red Alert is not a character in it, right?
Correct.
Red Alert is a very serious minded book because Peter George wanted to seriously warn people about the possibility of, you know, nuclear mutually assured destruction.
Right.
Right.
Just a little bit of background about him.
Peter George, born in Wales in 1925, flew for the Royal Air Force during World War Two.
And in 1958, he publishes this book called Red Alert under the pen name Peter Bryant.
This book is originally called Two Hours to Doom, which is a terrible title.
Hell yeah.
That sounds like a knockoff James Bond movie.
Like one of those hero spy movies that he's always doing.
Yeah, he's Croatian.
Yeah.
But basically, yeah, this book is about like what could potentially happen if a U.S. Air Force pilot with access to nuclear weapons were to act beyond their actual authority.
It sounds like this is where a lot of the process stuff in this movie comes from about codes and how they work.
Yes. And a lot of the stuff in the cockpit is lifted from this book as well.
Right.
Things that are of note about this book that are just, I don't know, kind of funny.
When the president gets on the phone with the premier and is like, hey, bad news.
A nuclear bomber of ours has entered your airspace.
They negotiate a deal where the Soviets get to nuke Atlantic City.
You're saying this isn't a funny book?
Like this isn't on purpose?
No, it's supposed to be so fucking serious.
Interesting.
And then what makes it even weirder, given that it was clearly like intended to be a cautionary tale.
Yeah.
Is that the book just kind of ends.
And there's this really weird like quote unquote happy ending in which the bomber does drop the bomb, but misses its target.
And then there's like three pages where they were like, wait, we thought it was going to be a yield measured in megatons.
But it turns out that it was in kilotons.
Oh, OK.
That seems like a joke.
Maybe it's just not a well executed one, but it seems like it's a very dry joke.
Maybe that was the intention.
But I can tell you that from reading it.
It's the thing of like somebody I think maybe just not willing to like fully nut up and commit.
That's exactly why I think Kubrick in adapting this thing wanted to give it the dark ending that it properly deserved because it was so fucking weird.
Yeah.
Just to note one other thing about Peter George.
He himself, unfortunately, did not have a happy ending.
He committed suicide in 1966, two years after the release of Dr. Strangelove, the movie.
So that would be at the age of 41.
The writing of Dr. Strangelove is actually a point of a lot of controversy because Kubrick brings on a co-writer in addition to Peter George named Terry Southern, who is a comic novelist who wrote a book called The Magic Christian, which I mean, that's a great title.
I mean, that's a dating profile on Christian Mingle, like it has to be.
But it's about an eccentric billionaire who like plays pranks on people, I guess.
But Peter Sowers is reading this at the time.
He's like, this is very funny.
Hey, Stanley, you should bring on you should bring on our good friend here.
He's in character at the time.
I'm surprised he wasn't in character as like a Chinese guy because he likes to do that accent.
All right.
Sure.
Sure.
So we're not going to finish that.
Stanley Kubrick fully in his murder by death.
Persona.
No.
So they bring on Terry Southern to help transform the script into more of a black comedy because Kubrick starts seeing that like in order to fully understand this, to get to like the heart of mutually assured destruction, you have to go absurd.
Yeah.
Because that's the only way to make the logic work.
Because it's so dumb.
It's such a stupid thing.
Because it's so stupid.
Yeah.
And so, again, there's a lot of he said he said about like the writing of this.
Like George says that he was a lot more involved in the scripting process.
And Southern and Kubrick do a magazine interview where the magazine is just like, well, you Terry Southern basically did most of the script writing for this.
And Terry's like, yeah, 100%.
And then, you know, Peter George is like, what the fuck, man?
And had to write in a correction to that magazine.
So there is a lot of like conflict there.
But Peter George ends up writing the novelization of the movie of Dr. Strangelove and introduces a framing device where at the beginning and the end, aliens are trying to figure out what happened to planet Earth when they arrive.
But Dr. Strangelove, it gets made.
They shoot it over the course of a year and it's due to be released in 1963 and has its first screening on November 22nd, 1963.
What else happened then?
I don't worry about it.
That's something in Dallas, I guess.
Oh, no.
So the film is delayed until January of 1964.
And there is a single line of dialogue in the movie that is dubbed over that originally said with all this stuff that you get in this little like preparation pack, you could have a lovely weekend in Dallas.
I saw that that line was dubbed.
That's really interesting.
I had no idea that's to Vegas.
Yeah, where Slim Pickens says Vegas.
And I was like, that's a strange.
What happened there?
And for our non-American viewers or people who have not listened to our assassins episode, that is the day that John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas.
So the studio has bumped it thinking that Americans couldn't handle it.
And it was instead released in January.
It does OK at the box office, but is a critical darling.
And it has sort of stood the test of time.
It's a very long life.
Yeah.
It has stood the test of time of being one of the funniest movies ever made.
It always makes like the top hundred list of comedies of all time from a director who would not really make many more comedies.
Yeah.
No.
OK, so this this is something that I wanted to talk about very briefly.
Let's do it before we sort of get started with doing the full recap.
Yeah.
Do we think that Stanley Kubrick is actually funny?
Because my my thought from watching this movie, which I think is a very funny movie overall, is that he does not have an intuitive understanding of what makes for a good comedy.
But he's able to work with people who do to create something that then ends up working in that context.
I think that Kubrick, his skill, like his is the thing that I respond to most in his movies is that he is able to paint these beautiful sandboxes and create these beautiful worlds for actors to play around in.
And they are so precise and they are very cold and very calculated to the point where if you get the right talent in those spaces, it can make for whatever kind of movie you want.
And the specificity of his timing of his shots in this movie, I think, lends itself well to comedy because he's approaching it like math.
He has the knowledge to like let Peter Sellers just go because Peter Sellers has a very similar approach to comedy, which is that it is very well crafted, even if most of it is improvised.
Kubrick is he approaches comedy in kind of the same way Stanley Kramer does.
Stanley Kramer, after he did Judgment at Nuremberg, decided to make something a little bit lighter and did It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World.
Oh, yeah.
And I guess it depends on how your brain works.
A lot of people are like, oh, it's Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World is like the idea of funny, but it's never actually funny.
I think it's a very funny movie.
I think I think it's a very successful movie from the time.
So obviously other people also thought it was funny.
But like they approach comedy by some intellectual angle.
Yeah.
They're like, OK, well, this is going to be funny.
And this this creates a big conflict between Kubrick and George C.
Scott, because Kubrick wants a lot more shtick out of Scott and Scott doesn't want to deliver it.
And so Kubrick plays a very dirty trick on him.
Yes.
But like, you know, and you get Peter Sellers, you're going to get shtick.
This is not let the line do the work.
It's get the actors going.
And sometimes it is let the line do the work.
Yeah.
Two of the three characters Peter Sellers plays here are straight men.
Yeah.
Yeah.
His Mandrake is not a very funny character necessarily, aside from just how ridiculously mannered he is.
Right.
He is.
He's much.
He has to be the voice of reason for most of it.
He can't just be kind of the silly British guy.
Yeah.
He's kind of the moral center of the movie.
Yeah.
But like the president is a straight man and does have a lot of very funny lines.
Yeah.
Which allows then Dr. Strangelove to stand out entirely.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Just actually.
But again, the restraint to like wait till the final like third of the movie.
Yeah.
Yeah.
To like bring out Strangelove.
To really.
There, but he's in the background.
You can kind of.
You can.
I didn't notice this.
You can just see him in the war room.
He's just.
He's.
He's around.
Yeah.
And it's it's very lovely on a rewatch.
Well, and, you know, we might as well dig right into talking about what we noticed when
we rewatch it this time around.
Right.
Yeah.
Dr. Strangelove or how I learned to stop worrying and love the bomb begins.
With an opening crawl, which I just want to read verbatim here because I think it's a
very funny like there's something a little dry here about they're covering their asses,
but they're doing it in a way that I think is indicating something.
Yeah.
And that statement is it is the stated position of the U.S. Air Force that their safeguards
would prevent the occurrence of such events as are depicted in this film.
Wink.
Furthermore, it should be noted that none of the characters portrayed in this film are meant
to represent any real persons living or dead.
Winking so hard I burst into flames.
It's like the South Park disclaimer.
Yes.
It's again, it is the stated position of the U.S. Air Force.
Not us.
No.
No.
But they.
Oh, yeah.
And they're going to say that.
Such events as are depicted in this.
You know, it's just like something out of a fucking army manual.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
A hundred percent.
There is such a dedication to the realism of the army stuff compared to the absurdity
of the politicians.
Of what's happening underground.
Yes.
And it opens like a newsreel.
It does.
It opens like an actual like news production.
But of course, what makes this so funny and how it's immediately subverted is that it's
planes doing air to air refueling.
Yeah.
In a way that is very clearly.
It's just like, oh, these planes are fucking.
It's sex.
Yeah.
And they have like these strings playing.
And yeah, it went from like opening crawl to narration to the planes fucking.
Right.
And the this sequence, of course, the titles stand out immediately.
Yes.
Nothing else ever looked like this before.
Right.
Similar title design, by the way, in Men in Black.
Stop Making Sense.
Oh, Stop Making Sense and Men in Black.
Yeah.
Huh.
Well, let's talk about that.
Why that happened, perhaps.
Because we're talking about Pablo Ferro.
People.
Pablo Ferro was a commercial director.
Before this point, he did commercials for Campbell's Soup, U.S. Steel, State Farm Insurance.
He then, because of this movie, becomes a legendary opening title designer.
Kubrick was so impressed by this commercial work, he hired him on to make the trailer for
Dr. Strangelove.
Oh, cool.
Which is a trailer that is, until the second half, unlike any other trailer that had ever
been made before.
It's full of rapid hundreds of cuts in a single minute.
Right.
In an era where we still didn't do rapid cutting all that much outside of the French
New Wave.
And it looks crazy.
It looks like something that you'd see in a museum.
Dr. Strangelove.
Or how I learned to stop worrying and...
Love the bomb.
A moving picture.
Love that bomb!
He was so impressed by this work on the trailer, he also had Ferro work on the opening titles.
And Ferro had this idea of, yeah, filling the whole screen with text.
It's something movies usually don't do, especially in this style, because there are a lot of contracts
and regulations on, like, how big a name is, how big the title is.
It's a big, complicated thing that they mostly just threw to the wind.
Right.
Something that you could barely do then and could certainly not do today.
Well, it's also...
It was interesting to me, too, because, you know, again, the copyright on this is 1963.
Yeah.
This is seven years before MASH, which we've also talked about on the show.
Yeah.
MASH also had that crawl.
Yeah.
It has very distinctive opening titles.
Yeah.
I think totally similar.
And yet, I find that MASH feels older than this.
Oh, yeah.
This is timeless.
Yeah.
In a way that is so interesting.
Aside from being black and white, I always think of this movie as a late 60s movie.
And it's an early 60s movie.
Yeah.
This was, again, a year after the Cuban Missile Crisis.
And again, it's like, it's bucking trends.
You know, Pablo Ferro had this idea and he sort of sketched out what the text would be for
the title sequence.
And he also told Kubrick, like, don't worry about doing special effects shots.
Let's just get stock footage of actual plane refuelings.
We're not going to use models.
We're going to use the real thing.
Yeah.
And so he wrote out his sketch of what the titles would be because they were going to
send it off to the lettering department and get it, you know, get it robust and thicker
and everything.
And Kubrick just liked it so much.
He did the titles himself tracing.
OK.
Ferro's letters, handwritten letters.
And so that that is the exact same style.
Then that lettering, which again mentioned, was used in Stop Making Sense.
That's just what his writing looks like.
Yes.
So after this point, he got a job working on a Sean Connery movie that you've never heard
of.
Neither had I called Woman of Straw.
OK.
The opening sequence is like, oh, I have seen people imitate this.
He he took still images on very high contrast film that's used for like microfilm.
So you get like if you're scanning a newspaper or a book or something to store it on film,
you don't want gray in there.
You just want black and white.
So it's a film that only captures black and white.
Yeah.
So he he took like pictures of the stars of the movie in just that pure black and white,
ran it through like a red filter or it's more like a burnt orange filter.
So it kind of looks like the cover of a book or something like that.
From that point, he's working with a number of different directors, Hal Ashby and Norman
Jewison.
And this is important because Jewison had had him do the titles for the Thomas Crown affair.
And the movie was running too fucking long.
And Jewison and Ashby were like, wait a second, Farrow, do you want to cut some of these sequences
down?
They had seen some of the other commercial work that he had done and some of the things
that he had done for like expositions and conventions and stuff.
So there's a very distinctive thing that people associate with the Thomas Crown affair.
And it's these montage sequences that were all made by Pablo Farrow taking six minute
scenes and cutting them down to one minute.
Sure.
Wow.
With multiple frames happening all at the same time.
And then from there, he worked on titles for Beetlejuice.
OK.
Like you said, AJ.
Yeah.
A certain concert movie.
Right.
It's not making sense.
Men in Black as well.
Oh, I said Men in Black and not Beetlejuice.
Oh, you said Men in Black.
But either way, he did both.
He did Beetlejuice and Men in Black title sequences.
He also did titles for Heart Condition.
No fucking way.
No.
Those titles were the best part of the movie.
So I'm not surprised in retrospect.
Oh my God.
We're haunted by that.
Like we've got a Denzel Washington in our hearts.
He also did the very famous, absolutely crackers montage sequences in Darkman with his son,
Alan.
Oh, wow.
So you guys, of course, haven't seen it, but some of our listeners hopefully have.
And if you haven't, go watch Darkman.
All right.
Yeah.
Do it.
So this has been.
Or I'll hurt you with knives.
Oh, okay.
This has been Pharaoh Mania.
Yeah.
For Brian's Pharaoh Mania.
Yeah.
It's my favorite Phoenix song.
Like a title, like a title.
Whoa.
Also.
So easily offended.
The other big thing in these opening credits, of course, is again, the credit to Red Alert
by Peter George.
Yeah.
And I was having trouble finding this earlier, but I wanted to still put it in.
I just wanted to read a little bit of this writing because it's so fucking bad.
Yeah.
Hit us.
So this is really the end of the book where the president is trying to like prevent the
Soviet premier from nuking Atlantic City.
Sure.
The president turned away abruptly.
He was fighting to control himself, to hold back the bitter words which were shaping themselves
on his tongue.
It had better not, he said at last.
It had better not.
The bomb had better not drop.
Yeah.
His voice was calm, but it had in it a note of bitterness which had never been there before.
I gave my word that I would give a city for the one destroyed.
Your city has not been destroyed.
And so I will not accept the destruction of Atlantic City.
That is all I have to say.
Well, look, I've read some very bad dialogue.
Let's listen to some good dialogue.
Oh, yeah.
Let's do it.
Because this is the beginning of the movie.
We've got the character General Jack D. Ripper, who is sort of this grizzled general, and Admiral
Mandrake, who is sort of the foppish Brit.
Group Captain Mandrake speaking.
This is General Ripper speaking.
Yes, sir.
You recognize my voice, Mandrake?
I do, sir.
Why do you ask?
Why do you think I ask?
Well, I don't know, sir.
We spoke just a few moments ago on the phone, didn't we?
You don't think I'd ask if you recognized my voice unless it was pretty damned important, do you, Mandrake?
No, I don't, sir.
No.
All right.
Let's see if we can stay on the ball.
Has a wing confirmed holding at their fail-safe points?
Yes, sir.
The confirmations have all just come in.
Very well.
Now, listen to me carefully.
The base is being put on condition red.
I want this flash to all sections immediately.
Condition red, sir, yes.
It's a jolly good idea.
Keeps the men on their toes.
Group Captain, I'm afraid this is not an exercise.
Not an exercise, sir.
I shouldn't tell you this, Mandrake, but you're a good officer and you have a right to know.
It looks like we're in a shooting war.
Where the hell?
That is the beginning of the movie.
There's no additional context given.
All we know here is that this base with this general, who we know nothing about, is going to condition red as the result of some sort of a perceived attack.
And Ripper is presented as a hard-ass general.
Yes.
It's so cool how the movie sort of unravels that narrative over the course of it.
But yeah, at the top here, Mandrake, very ineffectual.
He has, you know, sort of the stiff upper lip British, like high RP British accent.
Right.
And I love just the shot here of Mandrake being revealed behind a giant piece of paper that he's reading.
That's just like statistics about like, I guess what the Russians are up to at any given time.
And it's it speaks to like Kubrick's like specificity of filmmaking that he's able to just give sellers the exact parameters to play as much as he does.
Yes. And Jack Ripper is played by Sterling Hayden, who worked with Kubrick before on the killing.
So basically what's going to happen as a result of this order is that plan R is going to be transmitted to the wing of this base.
And yeah, plan R is in Robert.
And this, by the way, plan R, this is also lifted.
This is this is actually lifted verbatim from the book.
OK.
And what plan R basically is, is it's the go code.
It's saying, you know, drop the bomb.
We then cut up to one of the bombers that has received this order.
Yes.
And within this plane are a very, very young James Earl Jones.
It's his first role.
Yeah.
It's his first film role.
As well as the pilot Major Kong, who is played by Slim Pickens.
I got a fair idea of the kind of personal emotions that some of you fellas may be thinking.
Heck, I reckon you wouldn't even be human beings if you didn't have some pretty strong personal feelings about nuclear combat.
I want you to remember one thing.
The folks back home is counting on you.
And by golly, we ain't about to let them down.
Tell you something else.
This thing turns out to be half as important as I figure it just might be.
I'd say that you're all in line for some important promotions and personal citations when this thing's over with.
Jesus Christ.
That goes for every last one of you, regardless of your race, color, or your creed.
Let's get this thing on the hump.
We got some flying to do.
Very interesting, right?
We have Slim Pickens, who is giving this sort of old Western performance.
He's taken off his...
That's who he is.
He's a Western actor.
Right.
You used to just have people who only did that stuff.
Yeah.
He's taken off his helmet and put on a cowboy hat.
Yeah.
This sort of anachronism of these old-timey Western war heroes who now have the ability to
literally annihilate mankind off the face of the planet and not fully understanding the
power that they wield.
Yeah, just some 23-year-old redneck who got drafted or whatever, and now he's holding
the entire world in his bomb bay.
Well, but they'll get good promotions afterwards, so it's fine.
There's not going to be a world!
They're going to get some great commendations.
Yeah, they have their little fucking go-bags for when they land in the nuclear wreckage of
the Soviet Union, and it's just like condoms and playing cards and shit.
And nylons.
Right.
Yeah.
Which is also further underscoring something that is going to be a theme throughout this
movie, because the script is not subtle at all.
Basically, all of this desire to bomb, to fight, all of that is just sort of driven by
masculine id.
Yeah, it's just sex.
We should talk about this B-52 bomber a little bit, because this thing was built as a set design
from a photo that was obtained illegally of the actual interior of a B-52 bomber.
Because the U.S. Air Force, and you know, this is something that is, we've talked about
this before, and I'm sure we'll talk about it again.
Yeah.
If you want the U.S. military to give you information about their shit, there are very
specific things that you have to put into your movie.
Right.
And all of them-
See Captain Marvel, for example.
All of them involve making the U.S. military look fucking awesome.
And this deal didn't really exist at this time either.
This wasn't the age of open participation between the Pentagon and Hollywood, because
Hollywood had been infiltrated by commies and Jews.
Yep.
We think about all this stuff as inherently like, oh, America, First Amendment, all that
kind of stuff.
Used to be you couldn't take pictures of bridges during World War II.
Wow, I didn't know that.
I live near something called the Little Red Lighthouse.
Yeah.
Which is this little-
You pass by it on the river.
Yeah.
It's a lighthouse.
Right.
It's red, and it's not big.
I'm looking at it right now from the boat that we're on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's quite small.
And it's red.
And it's a lighthouse, turns out.
Who knew?
That's under the George Washington Bridge.
And there's a famous children's book that was made about the Little Red Lighthouse, which
is why it's still there at all.
They don't actually need it anymore.
Sure.
But that was written in the 40s, and they weren't allowed to take photographs of the
bridge, so they just did it illegally.
Huh.
Sure.
To make the illustrations for the book later on.
Like, the same thing with the bomber planes.
Same thing with, like, they were getting footage over Greenland.
That's how they were getting all of the ground footage.
Oh, interesting.
I can wonder.
And then they got a military base in some of that footage, and they got grounded by the
American military.
Oh, shit.
And they were like, what the fuck are you doing here?
Are you spying?
Like, you know, who are you with?
And that's the thing.
Like, they had actual U.S. Air Force guys come, guys.
Cadets?
Pilot men.
I don't know.
Pilot wing 64.
Depends on rank, but go off.
Yeah.
They had them inspect the plane, and they were like, yeah, this is a good thing.
This is scarily accurate.
How did you do this?
Yeah, it feels like they just got an actual, you know, this is what you do in movies now.
Yeah.
You just get an actual plane, and then you film inside of it, and it feels like they
didn't even pull the walls out or anything.
Like, they're really just in this tight space.
It's very cramped.
It's all handheld.
Again, it looks like newsreel footage.
It looks like, yeah.
Our boys out on the front, orbiting around Russia, ready to bomb at any moment.
Wow.
And so different stylistically from the rest of the movie, which is very tight, very
controlled shots.
Like, there's stuff in the B-52 where they're, like, doing fast zooms on things as people
are clicking buttons and things.
And that lends itself to sort of, like, Kubrick being like, well, it's funny when you zoom
in really fast.
That will make this humorous.
And there's a sense of, like, all of this happening in real time.
Like, the phone call, like, we just get in on a phone call.
We don't get some establishing thing or anything.
It's just, like, from the moment that phone call is made to the end of the movie, it was
exactly 90 minutes on Earth, even though there are a couple of ellipticals later on.
But especially in the plane, it's like, they get the code.
They go through the code book.
They double check.
They do everything.
It's all process.
Yes.
And, you know, we will not be talking too much about the scenes in the plane other than
like to frame it up here.
Yeah.
But the reason they keep cutting back throughout is to sort of show how that process continues.
Yeah.
Because this is going to be very important.
Again, Plan R has now been transmitted to this and many other airplanes.
We'll find out later.
Because this plan has now been committed, they're going to go for it.
They're going to go and try to bomb a military or maybe civilian.
We don't really know.
Yeah.
There's a lot of targets.
And it's every single plane.
We're going to wipe out all of the Soviet Union.
And in turn, we're going to turn off our regular radio and switch specifically to an encoded
frequency that only one person has the passcode for.
And that man, of course, is Jack D. Ripper, the general at this base who has lost his fucking
mind.
Right.
So this movie already like it's a very claustrophobic movie because we go from one enclosed place
to another in rapid sequence.
Yes.
And the next place that we see is General Turjensen's room, I guess.
This is George C. Scott, who we mentioned earlier.
He's very aggro.
He's very big, very cartoonish.
Yeah.
And he sort of represents the hawkish approach to military escalation or non escalation.
Yeah.
Yes.
I think he should leave.
Yeah.
Because this is the most Tim Robinson performance I've ever seen.
It's really something, especially later on in the movie when he's fully freaking out.
And it's a performance.
I'm going to clobber us.
And it's a performance that George C. Scott did not want to deliver.
Right.
I mean, you can see him in actual cartoons and he is not this ridiculous.
So what you said you mentioned there was sort of pulled a dirty trick.
What was that?
Yeah.
So Kubrick does 40 takes of everything.
Right.
Yeah.
All the time.
30 to 40.
That's like his standard thing.
Same as, you know, it's like Spielberg does his six of everything.
Kubrick does his 20, 30, 40 of everything.
So George C. Scott had his idea of like, well, the lines are funny.
The situation is funny.
I don't need to bring that to the role.
Right.
You can see a classic George C. Scott comedic performance in The Rescuers Down Under.
Right.
Yes.
Absolutely.
Not Joanna X.
Yeah.
And this, his body is going crazy.
His arms are everything.
You know, because we have all these wide shots everywhere.
So Kubrick allows people to move around a lot more in his compositions.
And Scott was like, yeah, I'm not I'm not going to do stick.
Like, I'm not like that's going to that's going to lessen the comedy.
Right.
And that's that's certainly a belief that people have.
It's certainly true for like airplane.
Right.
A lot of the funny stuff is like you just hit your mark and you say it.
That's right.
As seriously as you can.
And that's what's going to make it work.
That's right.
But here the shtick really works.
Oh, it's unbelievable.
Yeah.
He just wouldn't believe it.
And so Kubrick was like, well, OK, first 15 takes.
Play it big.
Sure.
This is like what Mark McKinney does.
Yeah.
Like like I remember Paul Gross talking about like working on slings and arrows.
And he was like, I did my first rehearsals with Mark McKinney day of, you know, first
day we're going to shoot together.
And I was like, I don't know about this.
I don't know if he can make that switch from sketch comedy.
It's his show.
He wrote the fucking thing.
But I don't know.
And then once the camera rolls, he's put all this stuff out there that he can pull it in.
Got it.
And so George C. Scott is just being told this is basically your rehearsal.
Yeah.
We're not going to use these.
We're going to do the ridiculous show.
This shit.
And then do 15 takes of you being pulled in and normal.
And Kubrick only uses stuff from those first 15 takes in all of Scott's scenes.
Yes.
Here's the thing.
It's kind of slings and arrows season two.
Yeah.
Right.
It is the director manipulating the actor in order to get stuff in order to make the project
work.
It fucking works.
It works.
It really works.
It really does.
Because what we have here is a character who is fundamentally driven by his own boner.
Like his name is literally Turgidson.
Yes.
Buck Turgidson.
Not a subtle movie here.
What is this?
When we see him in the first place, he's just gotten done fucking his secretary.
Yeah.
It's he's it's very clear.
It sounds like he's taking a dump.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He can't get out of the bathroom.
He is shitting and farting.
He's farting, shitting, but he's about to come back for round two once he's finished
with that.
But wouldn't you know it?
He ends up getting a call from Jack D.
Ripper, which his secretary then picks up.
Oh, yes.
General Turgidson is here, but I'm afraid he can't come to the phone at the moment.
Well, this is his secretary, Miss Scott.
The thing is, the general is in the powder room right now.
Could you tell me what it's about?
Just a second.
Apparently, they monitored a transmission about eight minutes ago from Burpleson Air Force
Base.
Right.
It was directed to the 843rd Bomb Wing on airborne alert.
Yeah.
It decoded as wing attack, plan R.
I don't know.
Tell him to call, what's his name?
Base commander, Ripper.
I have to think of everything on the continent.
The general suggests you call General Ripper, the 843rd base commander.
Oh.
All communications are dead.
Ball.
Tell him to do it himself.
And it's maddening, right?
It's like, it takes so long.
Yeah.
Like, it's nothing matters.
This guy just had sex and now he's shitting and farting.
Right.
The world is about to be destroyed.
Right.
Right.
And they need to get a hold of him.
And they can't.
She's kind of relaying the message.
You know, this is where, like, some of your actual security clearance stuff has to fall apart.
Because, well, we just have to tell the secretary.
Right.
We just have to get the news out because otherwise there's not going to be a world in the next two hours.
And again, the main, like, engine of comedy in this movie is that they're being very blasé and taking their time about something.
Yes.
That is on a timer.
It's actually so blasé that your first time around watching this movie, you don't really understand what exactly is going on.
Yeah.
Like, you know that you're getting a call, but it's the immediacy of it is so far away from the performance.
And a big piece of this is just Tracy Reed's performance as Miss Scott, the secretary.
Yeah.
Yes.
It's very important to note she is the only woman in this movie.
She exists purely as an object of desire.
And there's sort of a lethargy to what she's doing because she's sort of been told that her only merit in this world, her only importance in this world, is to exist as an object of desire and or like a casual note taker.
So why would she escalate it?
Why would she give this a sense of immediacy that it needs?
Right.
And the argument is basically that this kind of world that exists where that is the only role for women is unsustainable and will be the thing that kills us all.
Correct.
Ripper, meanwhile, back at the base, sort of issues his commands to the entire base.
He's got three big rules here.
Number one, trust no one unless he is known to you personally.
Basic U.S. military policy.
He's realizing that, you know, once they put this base under red alert, there is a real possibility, given that the world is apparently ending, that there could be some sort of commie infiltrators who are going to impersonate the U.S. military or something.
The whole military has been taken over by the communists, except for Burpleson base.
That's right.
For me, my people.
I me.
I am the sole protagonist of reality.
Now, everybody else has been compromised.
And this is where the madness starts to creep in a little bit.
Right.
Because before this, you could be like, oh, maybe there is a credible threat that we just haven't seen.
Right.
Right.
We've had this very limited window on the world.
And then Mandrake is down in the basement confiscating all the radios.
Right.
He picks up one of these radios and just happens to turn it on.
And it's like, wait, every single civilian station is still operating normally.
Yeah.
Are you sure about this?
Yeah.
So he goes and confronts Ripper about it.
Yeah.
And Ripper's like, yeah, I know.
And one of those great shots with the cigar in his mouth.
Oh, and it's the upshot.
He has to keep his head in such a specific place.
It's so beautiful.
And very technical.
Oh, it's so beautiful.
He has the cigar in his mouth the whole time.
There's a lovely comic beat where Mandrake realizes that he's in danger because he goes
and he tries to unlock the door.
But he can't.
He's like, so I'm going to need you to unlock the door so I can stop all this.
And Ripper's like, I think you just need to calm the fuck down.
He pushes aside a little like magazine or something.
And like, there's a pistol on the desk.
It's like, this is now an open threat.
I am holding you at gunpoint right now.
He offers him a drink with rainwater.
Yes.
Yeah.
And then we get sort of the monologue that exposes what Jack D. Ripper's whole deal is.
Mandrake, do you recall what Clemenceau once said about war?
No, I didn't think I knew it was that.
I didn't know.
He said war was too important to be left to the generals.
When he said that 50 years ago, he might have been right.
But today, war is too important to be left to politicians.
They have neither the time, the training, nor the inclination for strategic thought.
I can no longer sit back and allow communist infiltration, communist indoctrination, communist subversion, and the international communist conspiracy.
Oh, yeah.
To sap and impurify all of our precious bodily fluids.
Oh, so.
So here's the thing about that speech.
Yeah.
For a while, you're like, OK, anti-communist talking points.
Yeah.
Yeah.
To the point where at the end, when he says precious bodily fluids, your mind goes, what?
What?
What did he say?
Yes.
Yeah.
And the thing is, this is not exaggerated in any fashion.
This is the straight.
I cannot.
And we'll get later.
Well, yeah.
Josh, Josh, clip the fluoridation bit, too.
We'll get to it when we get there.
Yeah.
And it's very real.
It's very real.
And I think it's like there's a point where I think I even probably have said on this podcast, it's like, oh, yeah, well, the people at Ta, they don't believe this sort of thing.
This is something that they they issue out.
And then you like read Ginny Thomas's text messages and you're like, this is a wife, one of two wives of Supreme Court justices who believes in like the hidden Guantanamo tribunals of Joe Biden, that they're all being executed on a boat shit.
It's also very fascinating.
It's also very fascinating to listen to this after having seen Megalopolis, because I think this is a thing that Francis Ford Coppola also kind of believes.
Oh, is he worried about the precious bodily fluids?
No.
Well, kind of.
But mostly it's because there's this subplot in that where there is a a giant satellite from China, from communist China that is floating over the city that like rains down meteors at one point.
And so like it is so fascinating that these brain worms kind of come.
Yeah.
And even before the communist conspiracy, communist infiltration, the whole thing that everyone was thinking in the 40s and 50s and early 60s, he even just says something that is generally accepted as like common sense.
War is too important to be left to the politicians because the post like Korea age, that is exactly what has happened.
I feel like the whole time I was growing up, the whole thing everyone said was like Vietnam failed because it was the politicians who took control of the war instead of the generals.
And you've got to think about the transition here where we go from the 50s.
We go from Eisenhower.
Yeah.
The general in charge of the White House.
Communist.
Yeah.
The comp.
And we transfer from him right into Jack Kennedy.
Yeah.
The most politician politician that ever politician.
Yeah.
The guy who was raised by his father as like the second the B choice to be the president of the United States.
That sort of disillusion with that and the way that the Cuban Missile Crisis is handled.
All of a sudden the hardliners, the actual war hawks are like we have been neutered as a nation.
We should have gone to nuclear war.
Yeah.
With Russia.
And the fact that we pussied out from it is a tragedy and a stain on the American.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So at this point now we have those very hawks sort of as represented by Turgidson and also the more cracked side as represented by Ripper.
But of course, the other part of this is going to be the well, the adults in the room.
Right.
Yeah.
So, you know, right after the break, we're going to hear from them as we enter the war room.
Oh, hello.
I didn't see you there.
This is Dr. Strange Love.
I am here to tell you about a wonderful thing that you can buy, that you can purchase.
But first, who am I?
Oh, as I said, I'm Dr. Strange Love.
Medical degree.
This took me seven years.
Let me ask you something.
Listeners, have you ever had the feeling that the world is going to end?
The sky will crumble down around you.
The moon.
She will turn towards the earth, throwing all the tides into chaos.
And the cheese.
The cheese will all go bad.
Not just because cheese comes from the moon, but because cheese.
There's just no way to keep cheese good forever.
It must spoil.
Everything will spoil.
All I'm saying is, do you ever think about what you will do to survive the end of the world?
Because like you and me, we are also cheese.
We are fragile.
There is no way to keep us from spoiling.
But there are ways to prolong our life.
I have found the perfect solution.
Yes, it will be the final solution of all of our prob-
Wait.
It will be a solution to one of the final problems.
Sorry.
How will you wait out the apocalypse?
You can wait it out in one of Dr. Strangelove's subterranean swingalows.
Swingalow, of course, is the combination of the words bungalow and the word swingers.
Because we will have to live in these subterranean dwellings in the ratio of one male to ten females.
And of course, the females will be chosen for their strong features, for their brains, for their health and relative longevity.
And the men, they will be chosen because they are men.
You're probably asking yourself at this point many questions.
But let me tell you the most important.
A bungalow is a residential dwelling.
Each of your ten vibes will have a room in the swingalow.
And you will have your man cave.
Where you can have a mini fridge that is filled with beer.
And a different mini fridge that is filled with hoagies.
Yes.
You can watch a new color television.
That has three channels.
The news.
The sports.
And the equestrian.
Every time I tune in to the equestrian channel.
There is always a fluffy little show pony.
Showboating their way across the obstacle course.
And all I can think of is that after the nuclear war.
There will be no more room.
For these fluffy little weak little show ponies.
There will only be room for the ultra strong Clydesdales.
And strong, angular, muscular horses to look at.
Yet I must admit that I will miss the small, weak, fluffy show ponies.
You know, the first time you take in a horse show without show ponies.
It is still kind of about the show ponies, is it not?
The first poem that you write, that is not about a broken heart.
That is still about a broken heart, is it not?
You know, when we were running those trials for the first swingalow.
At the time we were calling them swing dominiums.
What is the difference between a bungalow and a condominium?
Is it, it is really down to semitics.
And the, uh, sorry.
Semantics, the structure of words.
Very important.
We would have a condominium that was attached to a stable.
And the stable, in addition to your ten wives,
we also thought it would be important to have ten horses.
There was one show pony.
And I know, as a scientist and a doctor of some indeterminate medical degree,
I am always told that you should not get invested.
You should not get involved with your work.
But I could not help it.
There was this one show pony whose eyes were so sad.
Like pools of water on a warm summer's day.
Eyes that you just insist you could get lost in.
And I did.
Many hours later, I emerged from this lost labyrinth where I had found myself.
And I remembered this would never work.
This could never be.
I, a doctor, could never love a horse.
And so the experiment ended.
We dismissed the horses.
They were moved to, I was told, a farm upstate.
I don't know what that means.
But the person who told me waggled the eyebrows for a while at me.
As if to suggest that it wasn't actually a farm upstate.
But some sort of innuendo.
And the next day, at luncheon time,
I could not help but notice that the burgers,
they tasted suspiciously like horse meat.
And I had this, this nagging feeling that I was eating my horse wife.
Oh, Petunia!
Why have I eaten my horse wife?
Huh?
Why?
So, order your subterranean swingalow today.
Or else, you will be left outside.
Like a poor forgotten horse that they forgot to stable.
Dr. Strange loves subterranean swingalows.
Mein Fuhrer!
I can fuck!
You know, this is, you know what this is the start of, guys?
Uh.
No, that's not for a couple months.
Beautiful friendship?
No, it's, we're closing in on Halloween.
Right.
You know what that commemorates?
It commemorates the Halloween of our inn?
It commemorates the beginning of the arguing season.
No!
No!
No!
No!
Hold on!
Hold on!
Hold on!
Hold on!
Hold on!
This is the start of the holiday season, not the arguing season.
It's not the arguing season.
No.
But it is, though, because we're in the war room.
No, listen!
This is the start of the holiday season, not the arguing season.
Wyn wouldn't lie!
Gotta put your listening muffs on.
Ah, good point.
Speaking of muffs.
Ah, yes.
We're here.
The president, baby!
We're in the war room now.
This is really the most famous set from this movie, and I think one of the most famous
movie sets ever built.
Yeah, I mean, I mentioned Watchmen earlier, right?
Watchmen draws straight from this when Nixon ends up in the war room towards the end of
the movie.
It also draws from another movie with Peter Sellers in multiple roles, The Mouse That Roared,
because Nixon also has the Q-bomb.
The characters here that we meet for the first time are basically the president's entire
extended cabinet, and they're sitting down in this cavernous room with huge fucking maps
on the wall in a big sort of elliptical light that's overhead.
I think the idea is that it evokes like a bunker deep underground so that they can avoid
the nukes.
There's a big light-up map that Turchidson is very proud of.
Yes.
He's so proud of the map.
It's a big project to get the tracking map up and running.
Yeah.
It's also in the shape of a triangle because Kubrick was like, that would be like the thing
that would survive a nuclear blast the best is a triangle design.
Has he ever heard of parabolas?
No.
So there's the table itself is made green.
Yeah.
It's a poker table.
As a poker table, despite the film being in black and white, Kubrick insisted that it
be made into a poker table.
But you can get the sense that it's felt, you know, it's felt on top.
And a lot of people tell that story about as sort of a way to say that Kubrick was like
too exacting, that like this detail didn't even matter.
So why did you spend all this money on it?
But again, I think this speaks to Kubrick's ability to make sets into playgrounds for the
actors.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Having as an actor sitting at what feels like a gigantic fucking card table is going to make
you act differently than if it was just like a regular table.
And this is not an easy job for a lot of the actors.
Whether you're a main character or one of the, I guess, a core extra, I don't really know
who these guys were.
Yeah.
Right.
Like you're sitting there and listening.
Oh, yeah.
That's what you're doing.
Even Peter Sellers as Dr. Strangelove is deep in the background sitting and listening for
a majority of this film, which is something that's kind of interesting about this movie.
There really aren't very many actors in it.
No, it is a small cast.
It's almost like if you were to adapt it into a play.
For some reason, it might work.
Yeah.
All you need to do is get Steve Coogan and I'm just spitballing.
I'm not spitballing here.
You know, now playing on the West End.
What if you got, what if you got, check this out.
What if you got the guy who wrote Veep?
Armando Iannucci has adapted Dr. Strangelove to the state.
Yeah, I think it started previews this week.
On October 8th, it started previews.
It'll run in London until January and then it's going to Dublin for a couple, for like
a short sit down run.
It is, I mean, truly a perfect person to adapt this movie because the only film I think that
has ever come close to Dr. Strangelove in terms of tone and execution is Death of Stalin,
which is one of my favorite political satires of all time.
And also in the loop.
Yeah.
Not in the same, you know, it doesn't feel like this, but it is also about like the,
the small number of people who changed the entire world off of basic stupid things.
Really, really stupid decisions made by stupid people.
Yeah.
And every once in a while we managed to pull a joker out of our hat, a joker.
Every once in a while out of our hat.
Yeah.
It's a joker, baby.
For my next trick, I'm going to pull a joker out of a hat.
It's like, yeah, it's just a card.
You just add that in your hat.
A joker out of the deck.
It's just Joaquin Phoenix scream laughing and sobbing.
I'm just.
For two hours.
But yeah, it's this situation here that we're presented with is inherently absurd.
And the president of the United States is a man named Merkin Muffley.
Come on.
Come on.
Who is also portrayed by Peter Sellers doing his best transatlantic accent.
Well, it's a Midwestern accent that he was going for.
Well, he failed.
I mean, I mean, it is.
It is very much transatlantic, but he was specifically trying to evoke.
It's about as accurate as his Chinese guy accent.
It is.
It is based on a Democratic congressman who had run for president, who had failed to run for president twice.
That is.
That was sort of his.
Like Adla Stevenson or something.
I think someone I don't remember the name off the top of my head, but it was that's who he modeled it after.
And I think it is an incredibly restrained performance.
Yeah.
Because usually when you do like sort of when you play multiple characters, right, you want to go for the extremes.
Right.
You want to like be like this character could not be more different than this character.
And as you said, Josh, at the beginning, two of his three characters are straight men.
Yeah.
In this.
And this is probably the straightest.
I said that.
I'm sorry.
I can't tell us apart.
None of us can tell each other apart.
We're just like you for real.
And I'm AJ.
Who?
Mickey Mouse.
Mickey Mouse.
So.
Who?
Oh, for God.
Turjensen shows up to the war room.
Finally, he's carrying a binder labeled world targets in mega death.
I took that note.
I took that fucking note.
And he breaks the news to the president, right?
The bombers that Ripper has dispatched, they're going to be within radar range of the Soviets in 25 minutes.
Oh, boy.
Much like 24.
This movie takes place in real time.
And we also get Dragon Ball Z with five minutes left.
We also get the details of plan R, which has been mentioned earlier.
Yeah.
Right.
This is a basically a second strike protocol where if we have already been hit, this is what we do is our first retaliatory action.
Right.
The pilots flip over their comms to a encrypted signal that nobody else knows.
This then means that they are effectively unreachable because Ripper is not going to be giving over that code.
Right.
They pulled the pin.
What I really like about this is that the end of the story has already basically been proscribed.
And the remainder of the movie is being like, well, what if this were to solve the problem?
What if that were to solve the problem?
But it's on such a clear trajectory that it's they're fucked.
They're fucked from the moment that Ripper gives the order.
It's always, oh, we could do this.
And then you cut to the plane and it immediately undermines.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Which is a great bit.
So it's kind of like a Greek tragedy, right?
The fate of the world is sealed.
Yeah.
And the fun of watching it is seeing how these characters try desperately to avoid the fate that is inevitable.
Everything that is done to mitigate it then gets upended by a different thing that was supposed to mitigate.
Exactly.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Every single possible contingency fails.
Yeah.
And that's the point.
Yeah.
Oedipus leaves his adoptive parents because he thinks he's going to kill his dad and then happens to run into his biological father and kills him.
Right.
And we just want to be very clear that it is the stated position of the U.S. Air Force that their safeguards would prevent this, of course, of such events as depicted in the film.
Yeah.
Such events as.
Such events as.
Such events as.
Everywhere like such as.
How's that for a pull?
It is fascinating to watch this movie and see that at every turn they're like, yeah, this probably couldn't happen, but it could.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like it really could because this is actually how people in these positions behave in other ways.
And I think that's why it's so important to have all that sort of slow process stuff in the airplane because it's like, oh, this is at the very least makes you feel this is precisely how it works, even if it's not.
Well, and something that was kind of interesting, like I went and I was just like, you know, for people who didn't like this movie, what were they saying?
So, of course, I went to IMDb to see who gave it, you know, one or two stars.
Oh, that's always fun.
Um, other than the like really, really stupid people who are like it was in black and white.
More of a color guy.
Like there was literally a review that said that the most of the people who didn't drive with it were like, well, I didn't.
There was nothing really very funny about what was happening in the airplane.
Like, where's the joke?
It's like, yeah, no, you've got you've got slim pickings up in the airplane.
He's a character.
Right.
He's also not like funny, funny.
No, because what's going on there is grounded.
In a way, ironically, that nothing on the ground is grounded.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Oh, that's some criticism.
Maybe.
That's the kind of fucking big brain analysis you can only get with a liberal arts degree.
As opposed to a communist arts degree.
As opposed to a fine arts degree.
Which means I was taught nothing.
I was going to say it's a fine arts degree because, you know, it's fine.
The conflict in the war room here is between Turgidson.
Yes.
And the president.
Yeah.
Muffley.
Muffley.
Muffley.
Yes.
A lily livered liberal.
And a great example of sort of what their confrontation looks like is when Turgidson gets into a fight with the Russian ambassador who has been brought into the war room on Muffley's orders.
You've got to tell them, bully.
You've got to tell them.
You've got to tell them.
You've got to tell them.
You've got to tell them.
You've got to tell them.
Hey, you've got to tell them.
Oh, you've got to tell them.
You can't fight in here.
This is the war room.
Yeah.
Like this is breaking with procedure.
But again, procedure is not going to matter if there's no world left.
Right.
Right.
So, oh, no, the ambassador is going to spy on us.
Like, yes, he should, because we want our own planes to be shot down.
Right.
Right.
To avoid nuclear annihilation.
Now, Turgidson, to be very clear, does not want this.
His proposal is, you know, now that the planes are on their way, we might as well just launch everything we've got right now.
Right.
Because when they find out about this, they're going to be so pissed they're going to retaliate.
So we just better make sure they can't retaliate at all.
Exactly.
And this plays with, again, the engine of this movie of people like taking a long time to deliberate a thing that is very immediately about to happen.
Turgidson just reads a long quote.
Yes.
At one point.
It's so funny.
And the whole time, I'm just like, oh, my God, the world is ending.
Just go.
Just fucking move.
He just keeps fucking like sitting with this transcript.
And yeah, meanwhile, the whole reason that this ambassador is here is one, to help spy, whatever.
Right.
But also, like, they need to get in contact with Premier Kisoff, who is just, he's just Khrushchev.
It's not like, you know, the president is not drawn to be just like Kennedy, but this guy's Khrushchev.
Like, they call him up and he just starts screaming.
Yeah.
And he's like, what, you don't want to talk to me?
I thought we were friends.
There's a joke about, he's like, hey, keep your feet on the floor, which I'm pretty sure is a reference to banging a shoe.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, sure, sure, sure.
But yes, the way that Muffley handles things is very much within line of kind of like a weenie liberal, which again, it's like there's no urgency to it.
And it's very, very frustrating.
Here's an example of that.
Fine.
I can hear you now, Dimitri.
Clear and plain and coming through fine.
I'm coming through fine too, eh?
Good.
Then, well, then, as you say, we're both coming through fine.
It's very averse to conflict.
Well, it's good that you're fine and I'm fine.
I agree with you.
It's great to be fine.
I should know.
I have a BFA.
Now then, Dimitri.
You know how we've always talked about the possibility of something going wrong with the bomb.
The bomb, Dimitri.
The hydrogen bomb.
Well, now, what happened is one of our base commanders, he had a sort of, well, he went a little funny in the head.
You know, just a little funny.
And he went and did a silly thing.
Well, I'll tell you what he did.
He ordered his planes.
What did he do?
To attack your country.
Well, let me finish, Dimitri.
Again, most of this is improvised.
Really?
Really?
Oh, wow.
Sellers riffed on a lot of this stuff.
It is very actually kind of shocking to me that he did not get a writer's credit on this movie.
Because, like, the majority of his dialogue, from what I understand, these one-sided phone calls.
Yeah.
Were mostly improvised.
Wow.
Again, a brilliant, brilliant comedic mind that sometimes, he was an asshole.
Yes.
You know, as happened.
Many such cases.
Many, many such cases.
Sometimes, he was a Chinese asshole.
But it is, but it is fascinating to me to, like, listen to, like, such a visceral takedown of just systems and norms.
Yes.
And how they will not save us in true catastrophe.
And that there is no one in the room outside of Mandrake.
Yeah.
Who is actively trying to, giving the moment the urgency that it requires.
Well, and to be very clear, Mandrake is not in this room.
Mandrake is not in the war room.
He's stuck at the fucking base.
Yeah.
Right.
With Ripper, who, again, has him at gunpoint.
Yeah.
Right.
And this phone call, just to finish up with the president here, this phone call ends with a little conversation in Russian with the diplomat.
And it becomes very clear that the bombs can't land and blow up these cities because that will set into motion events that have no human at the controls.
Right.
Because the Russians created a doomsday device.
Yes.
That will wipe out all human, animal and possibly plant life for the next century.
Right.
Because it's automated.
A big piece of the reason I think that it's framed up this way is, first of all, just for like satirical effect.
But secondly, because at this point, I don't think it is a matter of historical record that Americans didn't actually understand what mutually assured destruction was.
The fact that, you know, in a situation where either nation were to do a second strike, it would obliterate all life as we know it.
Just factually.
That's what would happen.
At this point, both countries had built enough nuclear weapons to kill all people more than once.
And both both countries obviously had the trident where you can launch from land, from submarine and from air.
So we have talked about this separately outside the podcast about how if there were a nuclear explosion in New York City, we would rather be here than anywhere else because at least we would be taken out in the blink of an eye.
Right.
Right.
We would not have to suffer the slow death of the world after that.
And I think that this is this is sort of the case where these people in power underground never think for a moment that they are going to die.
Correct.
Yeah.
Right.
Which is interesting, too, because I have either of you seen threads.
No, I haven't.
Is that the British one?
That's the BBC miniseries.
I've seen all the clips from that that gave me enough nightmares to never watch the whole thing.
For me, the most effective part of that show is how it's very similar to Strangelove, actually, where they're all sort of like in this sort of bunker and they're like, OK, what's going to happen?
And then as soon as the bomb drops, the bunker fucking collapses.
Yeah.
Or like the famous Burgess Meredith Twilight Zone episode.
You know, he just happens to be in the bank vault when the bomb goes off and he comes up and everyone is dead.
And he spends most of that episode.
You know, people know the books thing at the end, but he spends most of that episode trying to kill himself.
He like eats some food that he raids from a store and then he's like, oh, cool, a pistol.
Great.
I'm going to I'm going to head out.
And then he sees the library and he's like, oh, but I do really love books.
OK, maybe there's some reason still to be alive in his glasses break.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But like, yeah, it's not a world that anyone really wants to see.
There are a lot of people who fantasize about it, but they don't really want to be there.
I think we saw that with like the early days of covid.
Oh, yeah.
A bunch of people who are like, oh, yeah, I'm built to withstand like the actual like democracy falling
and people attacking my doors were like, yeah, but you're not going to let me go to the barber once.
Right.
Yeah.
And they just lose their minds.
Yeah.
You can't go to Applebee's.
Yeah.
Excuse me.
Like I had a friend who whose uncle was a prepper right outside Grand Rapids and his house caught
on fire.
Oh, shit.
The last winter that I lived out there.
And the guy, you know, he had all of this shit stockpiled in his house.
He is a survivalist.
He reads all the books in the magazines.
What does he do when his house is on fire?
He keeps running back in to grab everything and save himself.
He has ammunition lying out on his counters.
Oh, no.
Exploding.
Yeah.
There's bullets flying everywhere.
And he's still the fire department had to, like, hold him back from running into his burning
house in the middle of winter.
That's extraordinary that he didn't die.
Yeah.
Because, like, again, a lot of this stuff is just fantasy.
Mm hmm.
Right.
People want people don't really want to stand a thwart a world in destruction.
They want to stand a thwart the world that is currently right here.
Yes.
But they also want to do it by buying brand name stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, and to the point of, I guess, fantasy.
Right.
Once we get to the point of the doomsday machine, it is now clear that any fantasy that
we may have had of, like, something other than complete annihilation, that possibility
has been basically punctured.
Right.
And it is a wonderful, like, shortcut way to get people to understand that this is what
mutually assured destruction is.
And we don't have to spend any time with the Soviets.
Right.
This is just about the American side of the whole thing.
And we don't have to put together a subplot where it's like, well, we're bombing your city
and so you can bomb Atlantic City.
Yeah.
Right.
The stakes are a lot better when it's just the world is going to explode.
Yeah.
Yeah.
As they continue to try to, like, come up with a plan back in the war room, Mandrake and
Ripper are still back at the base and they are fighting off troops that have been sent
by the White House to the base to recapture it.
Mandrake, water is the source of all life.
Seven tenths of this earth's surface is water.
Why do you realize that 70% of you is water?
No.
Oh, God.
And as human beings, you and I need fresh, pure water to replenish our precious bodily
fluids.
Bodily fluids.
Are you beginning to understand?
Yes.
Mandrake.
Mandrake, have you never wondered why I drink only distilled water or rainwater and only
pure grain alcohol?
Well, it did occur to me, Jack, yes.
Have you ever heard of a thing called fluoridation?
Water?
He has his arm around him in this scene in a way that's just like, have you ever seen a
grown man naked?
It's the same kind of delivery.
Yeah.
It's like that bit in Bug where he's like, oh, yeah, no, never do cocaine.
You should only do crack because they put poison in the cocaine that gets cooked out when it's
crack.
Right, right, right.
Like the water thing is so funny to him.
Only drinking distilled water and rainwater.
Like people overstayed it, but like distilled water is not really good for you.
People are like, oh, yeah, no, it's, you know, it'll kill you.
It doesn't it doesn't kill you, but it does absorb nutrients because it's distilled water
and it's just really kind of unstable.
And it's like looking for everything that it can kind of suck up into itself.
Oh, interesting.
As opposed to other forms of purification, because there's nothing else besides H2O.
And I have a question that I generally don't know.
What the fuck is fluoridation?
So, OK, OK.
You don't know what fluoridation is?
No, no.
The commies have gotten to.
No, no, no.
Here's the thing.
Is it making water more fluorida?
I know why AJ doesn't know this.
So let's get into this.
And I do know this.
And you know why I know this.
Oh, no, it's fluoride.
OK.
Yeah.
I just I saw the puzzle pieces mesh together.
You know, towards the beginning of the century, we saw scientists saw in populations in Colorado
specifically.
There's a lot of water sources in Colorado that are naturally fluoridated so much so that
it actually is a little bad for you.
If you were drinking a lot of just fresh river water in Colorado, your fluoride is actually
darker than in the tooth enamel.
And so you'd see people with these brown patches on their teeth.
Oh, but instead of it indicating decay, it indicates actually the higher resistance to
decay.
Wow.
So fluoride is a substance that attaches itself to your enamel and makes it harder for cavities
to form.
Right.
And so they realized, oh, well, people are drinking fluoridated water and we're seeing
far fewer rates of tooth decay.
So what if we fluoridate water at a much lower rate than we are seeing in some of these Colorado
water sources?
And in fact, some Colorado water sources have to defluoridate as a result.
Right.
What if we just put little amounts?
Not so much because it's poisonous.
It can poison you.
It can kill you.
It can hurt you.
But we put it in such small amounts that you would be poisoned by the water first.
Yeah.
Through water intoxication, then by fluoride.
And then we can improve people's tooth health, their dental health.
And so, you know where they tested this for the first time, AJ?
First city.
Oh, God.
Was it Gallup?
It was Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Oh, shit.
I mean, 50-50 on that one.
So Grand Rapids, Michigan, they do it.
It's pretty successful.
And so then they start trying to get it all going nationwide.
But they hit some roadblocks, mostly in Florida.
But another significant-
How ironic.
Fluoridation.
Yeah.
Came for Florida.
Another significant roadblock.
A city that did not fluoridate its water until the 2010s when forced by the state was-
San Diego, wasn't it?
San Diego, California, baby.
Oh, little bitch.
Let's go.
Son of a bitch.
This was part of this whole belief that Truman was a communist.
And that basically fluoridating your water was getting people hooked on the government teat.
So they would become more communist by being more dependent on government.
And then let the government make all their decisions for them.
Not to mention the fact that the government's already bringing you your water in the first place.
And you can see a number of reasons that this doesn't logically follow.
But that is the case with most of these conspiracy theories.
Well, but that's the thing, is that these anxieties are the same that we see today.
Absolutely.
It's just supercharged because they're able to talk to each other on the internet in a way they weren't back then.
And Truman was seen as a communist, especially in California, because Truman was working towards a universal health care scheme for a time.
He always decried the term socialized health care.
He just believed that it was the responsibility of the United States of America to provide a universal care system.
But we had this growing industry called insurance.
And we had a bunch of people who were political operatives.
They were the first really like paid, contracted political operatives who built their careers off of opposing Upton Sinclair in, again, California.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Because there had always been schemers.
Sort of, you know, you would pay like people.
Lincoln is a great example in that movie where you would pay people to go and influence people.
But it was not as official.
Yeah.
You didn't have like a firm that you hired.
Right.
Right.
To be like, OK, we make all the campaign ads and shit for a really great exploration of this exact thing.
Check out the Citations Needed episode 134.
OK.
They go into this whole history about the radio dramas that were being produced by the insurance industry.
They're like the history of California.
By the way, President Truman's a communist.
Like it was it was a huge thing to get people to think of insurance in a positive light.
And we would much rather have this than the teat.
Than universal.
So, of course, like that's not that strong of an argument.
OK, you get the government to provide one thing for you and then suddenly you're communist.
We just got out of World War Two and the government was like doing everything.
Right.
Right.
So you have to you have to get weirder with it.
And thankfully, we had the John Birch Society.
Yeah.
We had Mr.
The Treats heir, that Welch guy starting this society, naming it after a missionary who was operating as a spy who was killed in China.
Blah, blah, blah.
Blah.
And they had they were big on like publishing zines.
Essentially.
Sure.
Alex Jones's father was a bircher.
Right.
Oh, Jesus.
And Alex Jones built the brand of Info Wars off of anti fluoridation sentiment.
Once it grew stronger in the 80s and 90s, they're stickers everywhere.
They're putting it in the water.
It's turning the freaking frogs guy.
Right.
I don't think that was actually about fluoride, but it's similar.
It's similar.
Paranoid.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, yeah, it was this idea that was like, oh, it's a social experiment to see what Americans will comply with.
But then it became about, well, since we do have communists infiltrating everything.
Right.
There's always like one city council member who's a communist.
Right.
Right.
So that means, you know, the Soviets to bomb us.
Well, they have to build the bomb.
They have to get in a plane.
They have to drop it.
Oh, it's so much work.
There has got to be a better way.
Right.
So, oh, now we have all these cities with their water treatment plants that are putting in the correct amount of fluoride that it's not dangerous.
But they have this stockpile of fluoride that could just get dumped into your water at any moment.
I see.
I see.
Oh, no.
And then this evolves into this idea that fluoride.
I mean, if you go really far, it's like fluoride destroys your third eye.
But like fluoride gets into your brain and it makes you docile and submissive.
I'm like, pal, I wish.
Submissive and breathable.
This is wild to me because.
The water is sissy hypno.
Yes.
Yes.
No, exactly.
This is also the same ur narrative that anti-vaxxers use for the COVID vaccine.
Yes.
It's the same fucking thing.
Yeah.
This is like ground zero for that shit.
Right.
This is still kind of fringe when this movie comes out.
And so people start to immediately associate the fluoride thing with just the crazy guy in this movie if they weren't already in the know.
Sure.
And otherwise they lived in San Diego and they're like, no, yeah, this is going to kill me.
I need to keep all my chakras open.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
I mean, this is also the thing that like, I mean, if you didn't catch on to the fluoridation thing, you would at least catch on when he just would not stop talking about his fucking cum.
Yes.
Yeah, because he thinks it's females that are doing it to him.
And that's a common thing that people attach to.
I first became aware of it, Mandrake, during the physical act of love.
Yes, a profound sense of fatigue, a feeling of emptiness followed.
Luckily, I was able to interpret these feelings correctly.
Loss of essence.
I can assure you it has not recurred, Mandrake.
Women sense my power.
And they seek the life essence.
I do not avoid women, Mandrake.
Yeah.
But I do deny them my essence.
Yes.
I was at Wendy's once.
Uh-huh.
In very early 2020, before we realized that the COVID thing was going to be like a real thing.
Sure.
And I had just come back from work and I was at zero space and coming back at like 11 p.m.
And the thing about New York is that nothing is open late.
Yeah.
Yeah, it depends.
Yeah.
Nothing great.
In this neighborhood, straight up fucking nothing.
Not in Korea town.
Yeah, no.
No, I mean, well, not there and not here either.
On the boat.
Everything closes on the boat.
Except for the bar directly below my apartment that is blasting music until 4 a.m.
Right.
That's a new one.
So, the only place where I could really get food, I mean, I could order Papa John's or
something like that.
But if I wanted to get like a single portion of food for one person, there's the Wendy's
next to the hospital.
Okay.
Sure.
Right.
Because it's next to a hospital.
People work all night at the hospital.
They got to get lunch somewhere.
Yeah.
That's not a hospital cafeteria.
And so, the Wendy's is always open.
I think now, post-COVID, it actually closes for a couple hours each night.
But I remember being there and there was just some guy in line who just decided that he
needed to tell me something.
Okay.
And he was talking so much about, and this is such a flashback, he's so worried about
5G.
Oh, yeah.
Of course.
The 5G towers that are going to be coming in.
I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I just mostly just said, yeah.
Yeah, man.
Yeah, man.
That's usually, like, that's all you can really do.
Now, I don't.
I have turned into just a man of stone.
Sure.
And I don't react to anything anymore.
But.
That's also a good approach.
Yeah.
It doesn't stop them talking at me.
That's true.
Nor from saying slurs.
Yeah, they really do love that.
But this guy was actually, he was nice to me.
But, like, it turned into this, like, and yeah, they're doing this 5G stuff.
It's a social experiment.
They're trying to, like, get into our minds.
And the thing is, they're using, like, females are using it to get to you.
Oh.
You know?
Females are using it.
Oh, interesting.
Yeah.
Like, it always, like, so often it turns into this misogyny by way of, like, this own feeling
around your own sexuality, your own impotence, whatever you're dealing with personally.
Psychosexual kind of thing.
It's like, yeah, dude, like, for one second, why do you think women are building 5G towers
to get to some guy who's at Wendy's at midnight?
Right.
Like, none of us made good choices to end up at Wendy's at midnight.
Well, it's very solipsistic in the way that sort of American society primes your mind
if you're in certain circles.
But it's also, I just imagine it's like, Mandrake, have you ever heard of gooning?
I feel like in a modern version, maybe Steve Coogan's...
Adapts it to gooning?
I mean, maybe.
Yeah.
No, I'm not getting into that.
No.
I'm not touching that.
But it is, I mean, it is interesting to see what they're going to modernize for that
because Iannucci was big on, like, this is, like, all the Russia stuff.
It's all back now.
You know, it's all...
This speaks to the times.
But honestly, like, the bomb as a concept, as, like, a threat to our well-being,
at least in my experience, is not the threat that scares me, really,
in a way that it seems to haunt this particular generation.
Right.
Yeah.
Who lived through the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Yeah.
Who saw the Cold War sort of at its height.
Look at Hideo Kojima.
He's a baby boomer.
Yes.
He's of that age.
And his most significant work about the nuclear age, of course, comes quite a while after.
Right.
And Metal Gear Solid 1 spends time with all that, like, real FMV footage of, like,
you know, the stock footage of, like, the nuclear repository.
And it's talking about how the bombs go missing, how there's not really...
They could still go off at any time.
Right.
Right.
In a way that, like, it's come up more recently.
Right.
In very recent years about, like, the nuclear taboo and who might break it.
But the larger idea of entire world destruction, we kind of had people who were, you know,
online presences and columnists who were like, yeah, we should just nuke Russia and just do it.
Right.
But, like, outside of that, like, you know, once Israel nukes somebody, that's not necessarily
a global destruction situation.
That's just more of a things are getting very, very fucked now situation.
Right.
Right.
The sort of great powers and the use of nuclear weapons to preserve that balance of power
is something that I'd like to talk about next.
Because that's really the core of what this movie is.
Right.
Now that we've framed up all of the main characters and sort of the plot, there is, of course,
one character who we still need to introduce.
Yep.
And that is, of course, the guy who is the title of the movie, Dr. Strangelove.
Dr. Strangelove, do we have anything like that in the works?
A moment, please, Mr. President.
Rolls up.
He's in a wheelchair.
Constantly smoking.
What did the authority grant me as director of weapons research and development?
I commissioned last year a study of this project by the Bland Corporation.
Based on the findings of the report, my conclusion was that this idea was not a practical deterrent
for reasons which, at this moment, must be all too obvious.
Then you mean it is possible for them to have built such a thing?
Mr. President, the technology required is easily within the means of even the smallest nuclear power.
It requires only the will to do so.
But how is it possible for this thing to be triggered automatically and at the same time impossible to untrigger?
Mr. President, it is not only possible, it is essential.
That is the whole idea of this machine, you know.
Deterrence is the art of producing in the mind of the enemy the fear to attack.
And so because of the automated and irrevocable decision-making process which rules out human meddling,
the doomsday machine is terrifying.
It is simple to understand.
And completely credible and convincing.
Gee, I wish we had one of them doomsday machines.
Great fucking punchline.
I want that.
So this is a Muppet.
This is a Muppet in a way.
He has one hand that he cannot control.
That's right.
It's controlled by the ghost of Adolf Hitler.
Yes.
Yeah.
Which again, Metal Gear Solid.
Like this is this is presaging all of that.
This is also like before Inspector Kemp in Young Frankenstein.
Right.
Although that does sort of come from Son of Frankenstein.
It's like, yeah, you have this weird German grotesque who is such a deep Hitlerian,
probably did like medical experiments somehow on himself.
Yeah.
And his arm.
Yeah, he is.
They just like Wernher von Braun and so many others.
He is Operation Paperclip.
He is one of these absolute dyed in the wool, total fucking Nazis that we brought over.
And we're like, no, it's fine.
We really need them so that we could build better rockets.
Although, as we stated before, none of the people in this movie are based on real people.
Mm.
He is modeled almost exclusively on Henry Kissinger.
Yes.
He's got the hair.
Yep.
He's got the glasses.
And he is also covered in ash.
Yeah.
He is.
He.
Because again, he has the phantom hand syndrome.
Yeah.
So obviously he can't take the cigarette out of his mouth when it's on one side of it.
So it just keeps falling on him.
The isolation that he does with this hand.
It's unbelievable.
Here's the thing.
Because his hand pops up and he's trying to knock it back down and it won't go down and
it stays perfectly in place while the rest of his body is attacking it.
I tried to do this when I was in Witches in Salem because that was a body that was controlled
by five different people at the same time.
Yeah.
And I found that it was actually-
Can't do it.
I can't do it.
You know, one of the only other people who I've seen do something at this level is
Steven Boyer in the play Hand of God on Broadway.
Yes.
Yes.
Steven, that is still like the lower part of his arm.
It's not everything up to the shoulder.
Because once you get to the shoulder, you realize how central that is to the rest of
your body.
Yes.
And how it moves.
Yeah.
But yeah, no, Steven Boyer was fucking brilliant.
And I will say, I would kill to see Steven Boyer play Dr. Strangelove.
Yeah.
I think that would, he would rule.
I want to talk here sort of about, as you were saying, the sort of like what's going
on here in the illusions and references that they are making.
So yes, we mentioned, of course, Dr. Strangelove analog, direct analog to Henry Kissinger, who
if for some reason you don't know about him, he's one of history's greatest war criminals,
actually emigrated to the United States as a Jewish refugee.
And as sometimes seems to happen when people come to the United States, they just decide
that they are going to take the horrible persecutions that have been placed on them and they're going
to direct them right back outward again.
Yeah.
Right.
Which is exactly what Kissinger did.
Henry Kissinger, of course, had that famous very mumbly accent, which his brother did not
have.
He had a fully Americanized accent.
He said, yeah, Henry's accent never changed because he never listens.
Then that.
Yeah.
There's also so good.
There's also that line in there about the Bland Corporation.
OK, this is a direct reference to the Rand Corporation, which is a American.
That's such a like rock star.
Grand Theft Auto.
It really is.
But, you know, the Rand Corporation and Kissinger worked together on a lot of this research
about nuclear oil.
Armaments sort of popularizing the idea of mutually assured destruction.
Kissinger was not a Nazi.
No, but they're combining him with also the actual Nazis.
Right.
In front of Von Braun, so much of it was like, oh, no, no, no.
He wasn't really.
You know, he just had a factory.
He just had to do what you had to do.
You know, he was just like Ernst Leitz with Leica, you know.
Right.
Except no, no.
Von Braun was 100 percent a collaborator.
This character is like 80 percent Kissinger and 20 percent all those Nazis who we gave
special jobs to via Operation Paperclip.
Hand jobs, blow jobs.
That's right.
Use your head.
Tongue jobs.
Gooning jobs.
And.
Yeah.
And I just I just wanted also to then to come back to this line real quick that that
strange love says deterrence is the art of producing in the mind of the enemy the fear
to attack.
Yeah.
This is mutually assured destruction in a nutshell.
Yeah.
The idea is that if your enemy is so scary and so powerful that they could wreck your shit,
you're not going to try to wreck their shit.
Kubrick and the screenwriters are really pointing you in the direction of this is coming
out of strange love's mouth.
This is coming out of a literal Nazis mouth.
Yes.
This is like a guy who's barely even human at this point.
He's just this insane little like gremlin.
Yeah.
Hobgoblin.
The grotesquerie of it all is is startling because I think up until this point, like,
yes, we've had some characters who are over the top and cartoonish, like obviously Ripper
and turgidson alike are wild, but like he's on an entirely different level.
Yeah.
Strange love is.
Oh, absolutely.
Because he is a Muppet.
He's just a little Muppet guy.
And he's actually speaking of Mark.
He's not even consequential as a decision maker.
He's just like there for us to realize that these guys are just right there at the top.
Right.
They are in cahoots.
Yeah, they are all in this together.
They are all they all want the ship to go down because ultimately they'll probably be
fine.
Or at least they think they or they think they will be fine.
What are you saying about Mark McKinney?
No, no.
Mark McKinney also.
It's the same sort of vocal register that he does in his performance in Superstore as
well.
And that's also an example of this cartoon character existing in what is otherwise a
pretty grounded world with a couple of other sort of extreme characters on the periphery.
But it works in both cases because the world around them is so normal and is so ground.
Well, even though in this in the case of this, obviously, it is a it is a hyper real environment.
Yes.
Strangelove is on such a different page from everybody else.
And I remember the first time that I saw this movie, my reaction to Strangelove was like,
who the fuck is this guy?
And not necessarily in a positive way.
He confused me.
And generally speaking, going back to the people who don't really get this movie, they tend to
have that respect.
Like, what the fuck is the point of the Strangelove guy?
Why is it named after this weird guy who's on state on screen for all of, you know, 10 minutes?
Yeah. And he's it feels like he should be stopping the momentum dead.
He's just so funny that he doesn't.
But all he does is sit there and talk.
Most of the big jokes just come from people having these monologues.
Right.
Not really situational humor.
They're not even necessarily interpersonal humor for a lot of it.
Right. I do want to call out one amazing pratfall moment when Turgitson walks away from
them, fully eat shit, rolls back up, stands back up in a Tim Robinson delivery going.
I got a cobra.
Yeah.
And he just points to the board.
And the shot lingers for just a second too long.
And you see George C. Scott break.
Oh, really?
You see him smile and then it cuts away from him.
Oh, I'm going to have to go back and rewatch it.
That's great.
And that's the thing where it's like he felt comfortable to just keep going with the take.
Because he knew there would be 20 more.
It wasn't going to get used.
It was never going to get used.
And there's a couple of shots in it where you see like the Russian ambassador also breaking
during the strange love sections, especially once we start getting into the more physical
comedy of the phantom arm not obeying strange love.
But the reason why the movie is named after strange love is because he is the embodiment
of the contradiction of mutually assured destruction and the absurdity.
Yeah.
So our guy Jack D.
Ripper, who holds the one code to be able to reach the bombers.
Right.
Yes.
Has killed himself.
That's right.
Yes.
You know, there's a moment where he's talking to Mandrake and this is all this is a great
this.
This actually for me was my biggest laugh, I think, of the whole movie, even though I
remembered it.
It's just the timing of him going into the bathroom and Mandrake.
So would you like to come out and give us the codes, please?
And then you just hear.
And then you just see his face.
Peter Sellers face just drop.
He tries to open the door, but he's falling against it.
So we can't get it fully.
So good.
But he's also the whole time he's leading up to.
He's like, all right.
So going to the bathroom and he puts a little like towel around his neck.
He's like, I'm going to have a nice shave.
Yeah.
I have to give me that shave.
Right.
And it's again, it's so good.
You can actually watch the scene and know that Sellers is improvising because Ripper
is taking gargantuan pauses in between Mandrake's lines and his because he's just like, is he
done?
My life.
Yeah.
But it gives the scene this wonderful sense of control that Ripper is is just such a one
track mind kind of dude.
And the reason that he shoots himself is that at the base, all of Ripper's subordinates decide
to surrender.
Yeah.
And I did just want to point up that the action sequences here of the sort of invasion on
the base is shot completely differently from the rest of this.
Yeah.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's like the second unit or maybe even stock footage of some sort
because it feels like the combat footage that we were seeing coming out of Vietnam at
this point.
Right.
You know, very he's had practice with this in Paths of Glory as well.
There is.
That is mostly a courtroom drama deliberating what happens in the trenches.
But there are a couple of sequences.
Yeah.
Don't do that.
Don't don't you dare breathe those movies in the same breath.
There is a lot of you find out what they did to Dr.
Strangelove in the sequel.
Oh, no.
There's a lot of shaky cam, too, which is not not normal at this point.
Not super normal.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Drake.
Now, you know, he he thinks he's figured out the code because he finds these deranged
scribbling.
It's like Zodiac.
It kind of looks like Zodiac.
And he realizes, oh, the letters of this of these, you know, Ripper's scribblings.
This is that three letter code that they need to transmit.
He's obsessed with purity of essence.
That's right.
So P.O.E. or something with those three letters.
Unfortunately, though, as much as he wants to just go and immediately tell the president
what's happening, he's apprehended by this very low level G.I.
Yeah.
Who's extremely suspicious.
I think he's a colonel.
Oh, is he a colonel?
Yeah.
He comes in.
It's very brief, but his name is Bat Guano.
That's right.
That's right.
But he feels like a G.I.
He's like the most regular army ass guy.
He does not think he just does.
Yep.
So he's not super hard to convince, but you just have to think in this really sideways
fashion because he's the kind of guy who's just following orders.
Yeah.
Where are you taking me?
The main gate.
Colonel.
Colonel, I must know what you think has been going on here.
You want to know what I think?
Yes.
I think there's some kind of deviated prevert.
I think General Ripper found out about your preversion and that you were organizing some
kind of mutiny of preverts.
Now move.
On top of that, I don't know anything about any planes attacking Russia.
All I was told to do was get General Ripper on the phone with the President of the United States.
Now, just one second.
You just said the President.
What about the President?
Now, the President wants to speak to General Ripper, doesn't he?
Now, General Ripper is dead.
Is he not?
I am General Ripper's executive officer.
So the President will bloody well want to speak to me, won't he?
There's a telephone box over there and the line may be open.
So it's a pay phone and he doesn't have the right change.
Yeah.
And again, this guy is so fucking maddening.
Right.
But he's so dense that he'll eventually just go along with the thing.
And so they decide to blast open a Coke machine.
Yeah.
To get the proper change.
To get enough change to make the call.
And he's like, well, okay, but you're going to have to answer to the Coca-Cola Corporation.
Yeah.
Which honestly, that strikes fear in me.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
I mean, yeah.
Anybody.
Again, it's one of those.
If you've ever heard of the Cola Wars.
It's one of those jokes that works on multiple levels.
Yeah.
It's so American.
Yeah.
And pre-versions, Brian.
That's such a you bit.
Oh my God.
That is such a you bit.
Yeah.
I just, I had forgotten about that because it's, it's the lavender menace.
That's what he's referencing.
It's because along with the red scare, we had the pink scare.
Right.
It was like, oh, there's also homosexual infiltration of all things.
And I mean, Mandrake's, Peter Sellers performance is super effeminate.
Yeah.
Cause he's British.
Right.
And even to the point where Colonel Batwano says, yeah, you can go in there and make the
call.
But if you make any pre versions in there, I'm going to shoot you dead.
And I love, I also, I just, I love this.
I love this bit that Mandrake screams at him when he's telling him to get the change out
of the machine, out of the Coke machines.
He says, shoot it with a gun.
That's what the bullets are for.
He's like, but that's private property.
And it's sort of like, this is a moment where Mandrake who has been sort of like lilting
this entire movie, just deferential to a fault.
Finally man's up and tells him to shoot the goddamn Coke machine.
And that solves the problem.
Yeah.
Almost.
Almost.
And it's such a funny thing too, because you know, yeah, we've got the code, but right
as that is happening, the plane very narrowly avoids a direct hit from a missile.
Yeah.
Which knocks out the radio.
Yep.
And it barely misses crashing into the top of a mountain.
Like all of these things could save us, but all together they doom us.
And this is one of the only elliptical moments where it's like, it's clearly not in real
time because he's about to make the call.
And then the planes are all retreating except for one.
At first everyone in the, in the war room thinks that four planes have been shot down
by the Soviets and they're so happy for that.
But now they're like, Oh shit, it might only be three planes.
Dimitri.
Look, if this report is true and the plane manages to bomb the target, is this, is this
going to, is this going to set off the doomsday machine?
Are you sure?
Well, I, I guess you're just going to have to get that plane, Dimitri.
Dimitri, I'm sorry that jamming your radar and flying so low, but they're trained to
do it.
You know, it's, it's, it's initiative.
Yeah.
And so they're like, okay, well the plane's going to bomb this place.
Just send all your missiles there, send everything you have and just fire it over that spot
because we know the plane's going to get there.
Right.
However, the plane getting sort of hit by that missile means that it's bleeding fuel and it's
not going to make it that far.
So they're just going to drop it sooner.
Yeah.
Wherever they can on whatever target they can find.
And, and I also just wanted to roll a little clip here too, because we've sort of heard
a bit here about Muffley's more dovish tendencies, you know, trying to solve everything through,
through compromise and conversation.
But even in this moment, Turgidson is still hawkish.
The Rusky talks big, but frankly we think he's short of know-how.
I mean, you just can't expect a bunch of ignorant peons to understand a machine like some of
our boys.
And that's not meant as an insult, Mr. Ambassador.
I mean, you, you take your average Rusky, we all know how much guts he's got.
Hell, look at, look at all of them, them Nazis killed off and they still wouldn't quit.
Can't you stick to the point, General?
Well, uh, sir, uh, if the pilot's good, see, I mean, I mean, if he's really sharp, he can
barrel that baby in solo.
I mean, you ought to see it sometime.
It's a sight, you know, a big plane, like a 52 room.
It's getting you frying chickens in the barnyard.
Yeah.
But has he got a chance?
Has he got a chance?
Hell yeah.
And then his eyes freeze and his hand very slowly makes its way up to his lips.
And, uh, you know, 55 burgers, 23 McDonald's.
In this moment, Turgidson, I think you should leave.
It really is startling, isn't it?
Like the resemblance.
Yeah.
It's a physical resemblance.
It is also a, it's also just like a resemblance of delivery.
And I'm just, you know, my room and I were talking about like, what could we like?
What would a modern cast of this look like?
Like who could possibly play all these roles?
And I think Tim Robinson would be perfect in this role, but who would Sam Richardson play?
Is my question.
Uh, I think slim pickings.
I think he would make a really good slim pickings.
I think that this is a movie that you can pretty much put in any era and recast it because
you don't have to change a fucking word.
Yeah.
It is a, it is a movie that is so hyper specific to the time it was made and yet it feels eternal.
And we're going to get to a, like the reasons why that is a little bit later after we witness
the denouement of this movie because holy shit.
I'm sorry, the what?
The denouement?
The denouement?
The denouement?
The denouement?
I've never said that word out loud before is what we've learned today.
You want to take that again?
No.
Okay.
I want the world to know that I'm an idiot.
I'm going to, I'm going to issue a denouncement of your pronunciation of denouement.
Sorry, you mean a dental small?
A dental small?
Yes.
Uh, wisdom.
Uh, now that we've really sort of seen how the whole fucking thing is, is doomed.
Yeah.
They get back on board the plane.
They do an extensive series of checks.
They, you know, arm the bomb.
They do all these things.
Once again, there's another point of failure.
The bomb door is failing to open.
God is really trying to get this all to stop.
He's trying so hard, but there is nothing that God can do in the face of good old fashioned
American ingenuity because major Kong that's against slim pickings.
Yes.
His full name is King Kong, by the way.
Uh, he goes under and, uh, gets right there in the, in the bomb bay.
And lo and behold, he manages to just open it up manually.
He hot wires the door to get it back open.
And then he just kind of jumps on it a few times and he rides it down like a Bronco.
Hey, what about major Kong?
Smash cut.
Just riding that bomb on down.
But listen how long this lasts.
And then it's done.
It's chilling.
All of a sudden this is really fucking scary.
It's not going anywhere.
Yeah.
Mr. President.
And now we're back in the war room.
I would not rule out the chance to preserve a nucleus of human specimens.
It would be quite easy.
At the bottom of the, some of our deeper mine shafts.
Yeah.
What I had forgotten about watching slim pickings fall.
Cause I had seen this movie once before, but I had always taken it as a joyful cry, a joyful
battle cry.
I am writing my Bronco to my death, but in actuality, it's a lot more ambiguous than I
remembered it.
It's like, cause first of all, when it falls, you see him go, Oh, right.
Yeah.
I'm still on it.
And so what it feels to me is more of a cry of adrenaline and of just like not fully
comprehending what's happening.
Yeah.
Which is what you are in the face of like an apocalypse this enormous.
We've heard this earlier, but at the very beginning of the movie, right?
He talks about how like, look, if we do this, we're all going to be in line for a series
of commendations.
But the other thing that we didn't mention is that the rest of the crew is also doomed
at this point.
Oh yeah.
Don't have enough fuel to get back to wherever it would be.
Yeah.
So like the best case scenario is that they, I don't know, crash land in Siberia and then
die.
But they got nylons.
Because all they've got is fucking nylon cigarettes and condoms in their, in their,
you know, ration kit.
Yeah.
They have the Russian phrase book and Holy Bible, which is like two inches high.
It's so weird.
So fun.
That's the Russian version of the Trump Bible.
Hmm.
Hey, oh, hey, hey, topical.
Hey.
Oh yeah.
Tropical humor.
We got to get it in soon.
Cause we're about to say goodbye to Trump for good.
That's right.
Yeah.
Oh, thank God.
Thank God for that.
Yeah.
Democracy.
We're going to go to New York with his old ways.
Lord.
This is going to go well.
So we're in this last scene, right?
We are in the bunker with everybody.
We have Dr.
Strangelove pitching this idea of what the future could be now that it is unavoidable,
which is just a penthouse letter.
Yeah.
It's not anything about like actual human survival.
It's just like, Ooh, we could fuck a bunch of 18 year old girls.
Exactly.
We can get them all into this bunker with us.
It'd be 10 women to one.
And this is also the scene where you see the extras really breaking because Peter Sellers
goes full physical comedy in this one because his right arm that again is apparently possessed
by the ghost of Adolf Hitler cannot stop saluting doing the Nazi salute referring to the president
as mine.
But what I love about it is that he calls him mine.
Fure goes on for about half a sentence and then corrects it.
Yes.
The president like no one will notice.
Does it twice more without correct?
So good.
Yeah.
And the thing is here to even this fucking ridiculous.
Because again, the world is over now.
Yeah.
Doomsday device.
The bomb has been dropped.
The doomsday device is going to be activated in a moment as a result of this explosion.
And they're fucking a bickering about this plan of sending a hundred thousand Americans
down a mine shaft.
Right.
And and and be trying to the fucking Russian ambassador is like using his pictures using
his backup spy camera.
The one that's in his pocket watch.
Yeah.
People made spy cameras in pocket watches since the 1890s.
But but this is what that sounds like.
Right.
This is the end of the movie.
Supposing the Ruskies stashed away some big bomb.
See, and we did.
When they come out in a hundred years, they could take over.
I agree, Mr. President.
In fact, it might all back to deterrence.
Yep.
You know, take over our mind shaft space.
Yeah.
Take over our mind shafts.
To imagine that these new developments are going to cause any change in Soviet expansionist
policy.
I mean, we must be increasingly on the alert to prevent them from taking over other mind
shafts.
That's the camera.
We do that.
Knocking us out from superior numbers when we emerge.
Mr. President, we must not allow a mind shaft gap.
Strange love suddenly stands up out of his chair.
Yeah.
And now just footage of nuclear explosions, just mushroom clouds.
Yeah.
This is obviously the big influence on fallout.
Yes.
Before I don't want to set the world on fire.
We have this.
And the plot of the fallout TV show also adheres very closely to strange love.
Mm-hmm.
Oh.
Yeah.
It's an odd couple of final lines.
You know, the mind shaft gap, mind furor I can walk is such a weird place to just be
like, okay, we're done now.
Yeah.
So weird.
Would you like to know why?
Sure.
What was the scene out of film?
There was a final scene that was filmed.
Really?
Okay.
Okay.
It was not included.
It was a pie fight.
Oh.
The whole thing ended.
Oh, I have heard of this.
With all of them throwing pies at each other.
They say.
Because they have that banquet table that the Russian ambassador was like, there's no
good food here.
Yeah.
And it was all set up there.
Uh, apparently the Kubrick watched the footage and went, this is awful.
Because you can't tell who anyone is because everyone just gets covered in banana
cream.
Cream.
Very quickly.
And then the movie was like, I'm going to have George C.
Scott drenched from head to toe and cream, like opening his mouth and like smiling and
laughing.
Oh, I need this picture.
But everyone, but everyone was for later.
Oh boy.
Uh, so everybody was just like having a really great time and it was all very silly and very
goofy, but it didn't match the rest of the movie.
In fact, the president gets pied at one point.
Strange love pulls out a gun.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The president gets pied during it.
And one of the characters goes, gentlemen, our poor young president cut down in his prime.
And they were like, well, that's God.
I can't stay in between that and the gun.
But it had already been cut apparently before that moment, but still it, uh, but either way,
it's still just a bizarre ending.
I love it.
I love it.
This is actually works so much.
This feels so like Thelma Schoonmaker.
Yeah.
She's one of the only people I feel would end a movie like this.
You're going to have to explain that reference to me.
Editor for Martin Scorsese.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
I mean, I just.
And also the snowman.
The way for me.
She tried her best.
The reason I love this ending so much is just the way that it makes me feel.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So thrown off by it.
The, the delivery that Peter Sellers has of mine.
Fure I can walk is so like, it's, I guess, funny in a way, but it's mostly just awful.
Like it just makes you feel really fucking bad.
Right.
Because this guy has been given power.
Yeah.
Yes.
Well, and his future is a Nazi future.
It's a eugenic.
Exactly.
It's selecting for the genetic.
Right.
Progeny of humankind.
After narrowing the population down to nearly no one.
Exactly what Adolf Hitler could have never imagined in his wildest dreams.
Yes.
And of course, all of the best samples of humanity include everyone in this room.
Of course.
Right.
Right.
They love bunkers.
I really don't think I've ever experienced an ending that like, there are lots of endings
like, right.
This is the only ending that has hit me in this specific way.
Imagine seeing it in 19.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
This would have, I would have, I would have had to cover up because I would have creamed
myself.
I mean, it's like, cause I would be, that was cut from the film.
That was cut from the film.
That's the other thing too, is like, you think about the fact that again, red alert chickens
out at the end.
Right.
It's like, well, it wasn't that big.
It was actually fine.
And now you don't have to bomb Atlantic city, but like that, it just ends this way.
I think given where everybody was at, people must've just been fucking shell shocked.
Yeah.
And a lot of people, if you look at contemporary reactions to the material, a lot of people
were just so, I think disturbed by it that they just were like, well, this is bad actually.
Um, because I don't like it.
And that means that it's bad.
Yeah.
It made me feel bad.
The thing is, is that it actually reflects the realities of a nuclear attack.
Yeah.
Right.
It just ends in the middle of a sentence.
This is also right after Friedrich Dornmatt's play, the physicists played in New York.
That was a new play in 1963.
Oh shit.
And, uh, that play also ends with something sort of beyond nuclear annihilation.
It's a little bit more abstract, but it's like someone has figured out some new formulae
that's going to create something worse than the atom bomb.
Right.
It's going to happen.
It's going to happen.
And you're stuck with it because, and this is a, the line that he wrote in that, that
then gets quoted by Jimmy Carter when he's president in a speech before, uh, yeah, yeah,
yeah.
Before the, uh, the UN and the line is what has been thought cannot be unthought.
Hmm.
Hmm.
When you're watching this movie in 1964, when you're watching this movie in 2024, the nukes
haven't gone anywhere.
Some countries have gotten rid of their nukes, but for the most part, there's still plenty
to kill the world a couple times over because they have been conceived of, and you cannot erase
that information unless everything around it has also been erased.
Right.
And it's hard to like grapple with that reality without becoming completely nihilistic.
Yeah.
And it's interesting how, again, as I said, the grip of nuclear fear of like nuclear annihilation
of this mutual fear of destruction is so much less on the brain these days than it was during
this time.
It was so all encompassing to this generation.
Yeah.
And you, you talk about how in metal gear solid, right?
That's a pretty contemporary example of the fears of nuclear annihilation.
Yeah.
I would argue that an even more contemporary one is twin peaks.
The return.
Yeah.
See how profoundly deeply that atom bomb had an effect on David Lynch and how the birth of
the evils of the world, the primordial force that will destroy us all was made in that
blast.
Yeah.
I don't understand why this just doesn't freak me out in the way that the, that it freaked
everyone else out.
Is it just because of the inevitability of climate change at this point?
I think that's a big part of it.
I think that that is the current most clear existential like a problem that we are facing.
I think a piece of it is, is still the fact that like the Soviet union, once it was dismantled,
like there, there has like, obviously China is on the rise as a global power, but they
are not broadly speaking interested in like symmetric power in the same way.
They're more interested in regional control over their sort of sphere of influence.
Yeah.
I guess you could say.
Sure.
Yeah.
And we don't do war in like the same fashion anymore.
So it's like the idea of us having a hot war with Russia, which would be the only real
right counterpoint to us in terms of nuclear armed powers.
It's like, well, well, and why would we, we wouldn't do that?
Well, because it's also like, you know, the, the closest thing that seemed to maybe be getting
there was the war in Ukraine, which clearly the United States is very happy to just be
a permanent stalemate.
Yeah.
That's more about like us letting Russia sort of drain its resources or hoping that it drains
its resources and doesn't gain more power by just forging different alliances with the
ascending powers.
I also just wanted to go back a moment to the sort of contemporary context and how it
was received at that time.
Yes, please.
In terms of, like I said, you know, like some people got it, some people didn't.
This is from an article that I found.
This is Dr. Strangelove nightmare comedy and the ideology of liberal consensus, which was
written by Charles Maland in American Quarterly back in 1979.
Uh, and he just pulled together like a couple little, uh, pieces of contemporary reviews that
I thought were interesting.
And I just want to read this here.
Though few critics of mass magazines or political journals panned the film, a number
of them thinking within the bounds of the dominant paradigm came up with strange interpretations.
The critic for the right wing national review, for example, suggested that Dr. Strangelove's
theme was that all ideology should be abandoned.
He went on to defend American ideology, quote, with its roots thrust deep in Greek political
thought, end quote, closing curiously.
They're just always like this.
They never fucking change.
Closing curiously with a hope that Kubrick might make a film criticizing Stalinism.
Saturday Reviews Hollis Alpert gave a generally favorable review, concluding with these comments,
quote, no one thinks our ingeniously destructive world destroying bombs are a laughing matter.
Certainly director Kubrick doesn't.
But on some fairly safe planet out of view, maybe this is the way they would view our predicament.
End quote.
Alpert seems to miss Kubrick's point.
No one accepting the dominant paradigm would see nuclear weapons as a laughing matter.
But Kubrick, after studying the arms race, the Cold War and the idea of deterrence carefully,
realized the insanity of the situation and found that the only way he could possibly approach the material was through the satirical lens of nightmare comedy.
Look, I know that Twitter has done bad things to brains and has done bad things to art.
Yeah.
But there is something kind of reassuring to seeing that National Review article be like,
why can't it be a movie about how stout communism is bad, too?
Well, it's like because art can't be all things.
It just can't.
It's Stalin's been dead for years.
For years.
For years.
But if your entire prevailing ideology is one that says the United States is the primary and in some cases lone true moral actor in the world.
Yeah.
Of course, your brain is going to fucking break when you come across something like this.
It doesn't even feel like the movie is even a critique of ideology necessarily, as it is just about the existence of nuclear weapons at all.
Yes, exactly.
Maybe making fun of the fact that we think, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We are the good guys.
And so we're going to do the good guy things with the bomb.
Meanwhile, we're the only country in history that has ever dropped a nuclear weapon on a civilian target.
And we did so twice.
It is that anxiety that is at the center of this movie.
And look, this is not a new phenomenon.
People have been worried about the end of the world since there were humankind.
Right. Since man first walked the earth, we have wondered how this all would end.
And people have built cults around preventing the end of the world.
Some people are trying to expedite it.
But it was just given such a beautiful name by pointing it at a nuclear bomb.
Yeah, this is your death sentence.
And we have come to the end of this episode of the worst of all possible worlds.
The communists are coming for our come.
I'm coming.
Oh, Lord.
And just wanted to first of all, before we sort of get to our closing remarks, thank you, the dear listener, for subscribing to this episode on Patreon.
As always, you are the wind beneath our wings.
You make this all possible.
You are our delights.
And we will make sure that there is a place for you in our mineshaft once they drop the bomb.
I don't lie.
The implications of that get weird.
Because the thing is, we're coming into a certain time of year, which is this is the start of the holiday season, not the arguing season.
And we all gather around to hang out in our own mineshaft and I'm coming to do that.
We sure do.
Oh, Jesus.
And a special again, special shout out to Nick Gully for making us do this episode.
Finally, what a treat.
This movie rules, man.
And thank you so much for making us watch this.
It is a movie I will be watching for the rest of my life.
I'm the worst of all possible.
AJ's.
I'm the worst of all possible.
Brian's.
And I'm the worst of all possible.
Josh's.
We will see you next week.
Wait a minute.
Wait.
I didn't do a closing monologue.
I can walk.
Midnight with the stars anew.
Oh, it's midnight and a rendezvous.
Your eyes held a message tender, saying, I surrender all my love to you.
Midnight brought a sweet romance.
I know all my whole life through.
