I just kind of like have run out of clothes again, as sometimes happens when I've failed to do laundry for a while.
Yeah. Well, Josh wears one pair of clothes.
He just chucks it out the window once he's done.
A pair of clothes.
A pair?
He always wears two clothes.
So today I just threw on this like Adidas track jacket that I have.
Yep.
And I'm also wearing sweatpants and I feel like I'm about to go down to Sheepshead Bay.
Like I'm going to go down to like the Ave U station and meet a guy known as Anatoly about a job.
You know, I feel very much like you should be in a photo squatting and doing two B signs.
I remember once doing like extra work on some TV show that I never heard of after filming it.
And it was out at the end of one of the train lines that goes out to Queens where it was just like the last stop.
And the thing that I noticed so much was just the further out I got, the more everyone was just wearing track suits and Adidas flip flops.
It's just like mountains of clothes outside of windows.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
Throw them out.
Of course.
I'm becoming a local.
The other big piece of it, too, is I feel like I remember as well when I was in London, like track suits have a very different connotation in London.
And a lot of it is just straight up like anti-ethnic bigotry.
I remember like I was almost turned down at not a particularly nice establishment.
Like I'm so floored at how in the UK they have bouncers at they've got they've got fucking bouncers at the McDonald's.
I almost got bounced from the fucking, you know, elephant in castle McDonald's for wearing a track jacket.
Like, and then you just had to be like, no, it's OK.
I'm Dutch American.
Well, so what's so funny is that is actually exactly what happened is I started talking.
What?
Like, oh, OK, just don't do it again.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
Welcome to the worst of all possible worlds, the first and only tracksuit enthusiast podcast.
I am the worst of all possible Brian's.
I'm Mickey Mouse.
What?
I hate you both so much.
He's the worst of all possible AJ's.
I'm the worst of all possible Josh's.
And this week we are joined by Dara Swisher of Sovereign Candle Collective, a longtime theater artist,
someone who has worked in dance and burlesque and immersive theater, which is what we're going to be talking about today.
Spoilers.
This is going to be an extremely Brian episode.
This week we are talking about the immersive theater extravaganza Sleep No More, which you might have heard of.
It's been running in New York for a really, really long time.
And it is going to be closing, apparently.
Allegedly.
Allegedly.
It was supposed to be closing at the end of January.
They've extended to the end of February, but presumably.
They have extended it to the end of March.
They have?
Yes.
Oh, we're closing.
It'd be awful if you bought tickets.
Don't.
Don't do it.
You would hate it if you bought tickets.
Ooh, don't put 400 people inside of me every night.
But these tables are reserved.
Don't sit here.
Right.
So, you know, we thought it would be closing at the end of January.
We'll see if it actually closed or not.
But Sleep No More is one of those things that is very foundational to a lot of immersive theater,
which means that it's Brian's special interest.
And also, I think, you know, we've talked a fair bit about Shakespeare on the show, specifically Hamlet.
This one has more to do with the so-called Scottish play, Macbeth, and we'll be talking a bit about that as well.
Josh, you can't say that in a Zencaster.
So anyway, Macbeth is a play that we haven't covered, oddly enough, on this show.
There are some good recordings of Macbeth out there.
There was a filmed version of the Patrick Stewart production, which I really like.
There's the Roman Polanski movie, which is hilariously bad.
Featured in many an English literature class.
Oh, man, it's the one everyone watches in high school if they watch it.
There is the Coen brother, one singular Coen brother movie, The Tragedy of Macbeth with Denzel Washington.
There's also the one that had Marion Cotillard in it a few years ago.
So you've got some options here.
So Sleep No More is a is a show that I think actually has escaped sort of beyond the realms of immersive theater.
It has like permeated pop culture in a way that I find very fascinating.
It was more than just escape the realms. It created immersive theater as an industry.
It didn't create it aesthetically. There is always there have always been kind of more interactive or more creatively staged theater since the beginning of the whole time that we've been doing this whole thing.
Right. Religious ceremonial dances and promenades and parades and things like that.
This has always been kind of a part of theater. And over time, we slowly built up a system where starting basically in Italy in the late 1500s and then spreading to the European continent where we started putting things in kind of a picture frame.
Right. Theater, as we understand, it is not that much different from a movie.
You kind of expect the same things. Plenty of old theaters did both stage and movies where you're looking into a window.
You're looking through what's called the proscenium arch. But, you know, Shakespeare's theater was not like that.
Right. When William Shakespeare was writing, his theater was modeled essentially off of like the courtyards of inns where you were just on a little porch.
And when those characters are doing asides to the audience, it's not like talking through the window at the crowd of people.
It's like you're literally just talking to the guy that's standing right in front of you watching the play.
And it creates a certain intimacy that that we then lose in favor of a lot more creative control.
Right. Because when you have your stage through a picture frame, you can create big, elaborate sets.
You can move things around. You can control light better.
And so it became sort of the standard industry model, especially once theater was a very big commercial industry in the 19th century.
I just think it's very interesting about specifically Shakespeare writing for that sort of environment, because you can always tell in the comedic monologues, particularly in Macbeth, where the porter who the poor porter who has to be the sole comic relief of the entire play has this monologue that he gives to the audience.
And there's stuff written in there that seems to like be audience proof in that if somebody were to heckle the porter, there are lines in there that seem to be responding to people heckling him.
So it's this very cool thing where if you read a lot of the comedic monologues in Shakespeare with the mindset that there's an audience like actively booing him, it really adds to like the texture of it.
And it's like, you know, Shakespeare loved his high poetry and that really comes through.
But he was also very, very good about anticipating audiences reactions to his plays.
Dara, I'm curious. Do you have like a background or experience with like Shakespeare or quote unquote conventional theater?
Like, is that at all your jam or not really?
I really don't have a big background in in like conventional theater in that way.
I definitely come from the side of performance and the stage, but truly in like a concert dance perspective, I have never shook speared as it were.
Although I did audition once, not very well for a Shakespeare production.
But no, I don't have a lot of conventional acting or or a theater background.
And Macbeth for its part doesn't really get performed too, too often because it is a very difficult play to stage effectively to quote, to quote things in arrow season two.
But it is one director.
I think it was the director of the Patrick Stewart production said the only curse is the fucking structure.
Yeah, it's a tough play.
Because a lot of good shit happens for the first half and then finally there's a bunch of killing again.
It's kind of like Julius Caesar in that regard, which we've also talked about on the show where there were a few plays where Shakespeare just wrote a bunch of banger setups.
Yeah.
And then didn't quite know how to pay all of them off.
And Macbeth is definitely one of those plays.
Yeah.
Once you get to like acts three and four, it's like, OK, what are we doing here?
And then act five comes around.
But Macbeth is also a an incredibly violent play.
There's a lot of fighting, a lot of killing, a lot of stabbing and a lot of ways that that could go wrong.
And it does.
And people have died in productions of Macbeth since time immemorial.
There's, of course, the belief that it has actual witches incantations woven into the script.
Yeah, don't worry about it.
But in the 19th century, it was really, really dominated by the proscenium arch.
And you didn't see a whole lot of alternate forms.
Of course, this is talking specifically from like a European and American perspective.
Someone who came to mind when I was kind of looking through the notes and thinking about how immersive performance may be, not necessarily theater, came about was Isadora Duncan.
Because she was one of these kind of pioneer modern dance choreographers.
And she rejected the proscenium stage almost entirely.
She would take her dancers out into like botanical gardens to do performances and move through.
And like the audience could just sit there with their picnic and watch as it passed by or follow them along, which is kind of interesting.
Because that's a sleep no more thing.
Or she would literally take her dances to rich people's houses.
She would show up and do a performance in their study or in their drawing room or things like this.
And so she was working on site-specific choreography before that was really a thing.
I bet the rich people fucking love that, too, to be like, oh, this is my fancy little performance in my fancy little drawing room.
Exactly.
Oh, she's made it just for me to watch.
It's not the last time that rich people have paid a lot of money to follow a dancing Duncan.
For example, sleep no more.
So also at the end of the 19th century, we get the creation of the modern amusement park, the industrial amusement park, where you put people in vehicles that force them into like roller coaster loops that produce like 15 G's and break their necks and shit.
But another thing that comes out, you know, we're making roller coasters, we're making coal, steam and then electrical powered dark rides and dark rides start around like the 1870s, 80s.
You get in a little buggy and you go on a little track and the ride itself is not going to be going super fast, but you'll have little mechanical doodads jumping out at you and showing you their penis or something scary.
You know, nothing scarier than a penis.
Depends on the penis.
I think I was talking with you guys about this when we went to sleep no more about how like people back then were so easily entertained.
Yeah.
Like you could do literally anything and they'd be like, like we talked about this a few weeks ago, like.
Parades.
Everyone just went to parades all the time.
That's all you had.
Couldn't get enough of it.
By the way, just to sort of close that loop on parades.
I had told you all that I would be going to the Rose Parade, which is one of the best parades, right?
That's right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Other than the marching bands, it kind of sucked.
Yes.
It's a parade.
Yeah.
It's not that exciting.
It's not the kind of parade where they throw candy at you either.
No, it's not.
So it's bullshit.
If they just fucking threw candy, it would make it like 10 times better.
But no.
Oh, we have big floats that are made out of a bunch of flowers.
How about you flower these nuts, motherfucker?
So amusement parks bring us the dark ride.
And in New York, people are insane in general.
Somewhat infamously, we had a Pan-American exposition in Buffalo, New York.
Oh, did something happen there?
Something did happen there.
In fact, a man created an experience called A Trip to the Moon, an electrically powered dark ride where people got into a gigantic airship inspired by the works of Jules Verne and slowly chugged along while they were like guys who pretended to be airship workers with like ropes and chains and whatever.
And leather and no.
What is this?
And then they took their penises out?
Yeah.
A lot of penises.
Okay.
All right.
No, they eventually.
Sounds like my kind of Friday night.
Eventually, this giant ship would then land on the moon.
There would be a bunch of like pieces of scenery that would slide in and out.
They'd fly over like a miniature buffalo.
And then the planet Earth, sort of like the beginning of the Peter Pan ride at Disneyland.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
And they'd land on the moon and there would be a bunch of actors dressed up as moon people to like dance around them and probably taking a little bit from Isadora Duncan here.
Probably.
And being like, you know, welcome to the moon or I don't know if they spoke in like moon language or something.
But President William McKinley actually went on that ride.
And then something happened to him a couple days later.
I saw moon people bang.
No, you didn't.
This ride ends up being expanded and moved from Buffalo down to Coney Island.
To Coney Island's Luna Park.
That's why it's called that.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, because of this big moon ride.
So this was a big deal.
It had like 200 employees working on it.
Most of them as actors.
Some of them paid.
We also get a theory of theater that is developed in the early 20th century by an actor named Antonin Artaud.
And Artaud was he was a theater actor, but he was also a movie actor.
You can see him in The Passion of Joan of Arc, for instance.
He came up with this idea of theater of cruelty.
And if you ever read The Theater and It's Double, his book about it, it's like, what exactly is he proposing?
And he doesn't entirely know.
He just wants a theater that is like this sort of all encompassing.
At one point, he like theorizes maybe we could tell Lear better if we could somehow make the room into his white beard.
That doesn't sound like a good production at all.
I disagree with that idea.
Well, I mean, this whole thing is just like, you know, he writes Spurt of Blood, which is sort of like the play that you read of his when you go to theater school.
And he's just like at one point, the stage directions are like a ziggurat falls from the sky.
Yeah.
And it's like it is a favorite of people to stage because you can.
The thing about theater is you can do all that.
Like these stage directions that seem impossible.
You it's just representation.
So you can you can do a little cardboard cut out of a ziggurat and have it fall from the sky and accomplishes what the stage direction says.
Also go ahead and, you know, pray to a spider god and the spider god.
Perhaps build a ziggurat.
Lots of things you can do.
Lots of things you can do.
It wasn't a genre.
You know, we had like symbolist theater and absurdist theater and, you know, whatever else.
But we didn't have like a theater of cruelty movement that arose from this, except later.
Some of this is a response, of course, to the fact that now we have movies and TV.
You can watch accurate depictions of life in a way that comes immediately to you.
Sort of like how in the same way photography led to more abstract artistic expression.
Because they're like, well, a photograph can recreate the realistic image.
What else can we do that it can't?
One thing that it can't do?
Reliably make you laugh every time you look at that photograph.
Every time I do, it makes me laugh.
At least.
I want my nickel back.
That's what I said after I went on a trip to the moon in 1903.
Wow.
Well, Brian, the one unimpressed person.
The great Pan-American Exorcist.
Excuse me, sir.
I would like back my hay nickel.
Those were not moon people.
Those were just actors with their penises out.
I do know that I am scared of penises.
And then the Barker pulls out his big stick and taps the no refunds.
Yeah, right.
We didn't say they are moon people.
We said they do moon people.
With their butts.
Yeah, of course.
Speaking of penises, in 1955, Walter Elias Disney, a friend of yours, Mickey.
A huge penis, that guy.
He was a penis.
He opened Disneyland.
And he created rides that were not just like you get on a track and it moves and it goes somewhere,
but they have a whole experience.
You know, he expanded the dark ride from just horror, although he kept that with the Snow White ride.
But he also made rides that could tell you the story of, you know, Alice in Wonderland or Pinocchio or whatever else.
Or a bunch of pirates, perhaps.
Pirates, yes.
Who are hanging out in a secret cove in the Caribbean.
Or Frog and Toad, where you literally go to hell.
You know.
Not Frog and Toad.
Not Frog and Toad.
It's Wind in the Willows.
It's the Wind in the Willows.
It's not the heartwarming tales about two gay young men.
Yeah, yeah.
That's what I was going to say.
I was like, my brain could never make the connection.
To be honest, AJ, it's just as weird that Mr. Toad from The Wind in the Willows, one of the like gentlest little children's books about fun talking animals.
It is insane that he goes to hell.
Well, I don't know.
Well, I was in a high school production of Wind in the Willows where I played Mr. Toad.
Really?
And I almost drove my car into the orchestra pit.
They had a working car?
They took a golf cart and put panels on it.
And I almost died and killed a couple people.
Oh, wow.
Nearly drove Mr. Toad's car into the orchestra pit at my high school.
So when you did that, did you make this sound?
That is exactly the sound that I made.
No, actually, I didn't know that I had done it until later on.
Classic you.
No, I was so oblivious.
Everybody was fucking terrified.
So I just want to bring up Disneyland because it is a game changer in terms of attraction design and in terms of like theming the shit out of stuff.
Right.
To this day, theme parks need to compete with Disneyland by also licensing characters from media properties.
Right.
Right.
After after Disneyland comes into place, we also have a rising counterculture in 1950s and 60s.
That, of course, Walter Disney is not a part of at all.
Although sometimes they really like some of the things he puts out like Fantasia.
Oh, sure.
John Cage is one of the most famous artists of these these happenings and happenings would be like you're not expecting a thing to happen.
And it might be in any kind of public place.
Some people might be invited or whatever.
And the definition gets more and more diluted over time.
Like a flash mob, perhaps.
Exactly like flash mobs.
So John Cage is most famous happening is a piece of music he wrote called four minutes and 33 seconds, where he goes out onto the stage, sits at a piano.
You can do other arrangements.
You can have a full orchestra and pulls up the little piano door thing and plays absolutely nothing for exactly four minutes and 33 seconds.
Mm hmm.
And so the idea of that is that the music is the response to that lack of sound.
It's the sound in the space.
Everyone's going to get uncomfortable.
They're going to start giggling.
They're going to get mad.
Who knows?
I do think it's very funny that every time John Cage is interviewed about that song, he's like, nobody understands it.
And I'm like, John, I think we get it.
It's about the sound in the space.
Like, no, but it's not just about that.
It's about the sound in the space.
I'm like, that's what we said.
John, that's what we just said.
It's about the sound.
He's like, yeah, but it's about the sound in the space.
And it's just that for like pages and pages and pages.
Like a fucking Meisner exercise.
And then Alvin Lucier takes that conversation and plays it through a tape over and over and over again until you get it to resonant tones.
You're wearing a track suit.
That is an experimental composition joke.
I got it.
I got it.
It's like these classic knock knock jokes, you know, knock knock.
Who's there?
Who's there?
It's Philip Glass.
Knock knock.
Who's there?
Who's there?
It's Philip Glass.
Knock knock.
Two, three, four, five.
Two, three, four, five.
There's the Steve Reich knock knock joke, which just goes knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock.
Knock knock knock.
So in the 60s, we get something called the Performing Group, which is, again, one of the most 60s ass sounding things I've ever heard in my fucking life.
Yeah.
It's like I'm going to name my band the band or people or fucking whatever.
Hey, take a load off, Brian.
Take a load for free.
And so like the names of like the most avant garde artists in the 60s are indistinguishable from like consulting firms in the 2020s that have like genocide on their hands.
Oh, my God.
The Performing Group eventually kind of splinters off.
And the last remnant of it that's still around is something called the Wooster Group, which still operates in New York.
And the Performing Group was famous for doing happenings.
And they did a site specific using that term again show called Dionysus in 69 based on the Bacchae with definitely the all the connotations that that has.
And this was done in like a parking garage.
It was filmed.
You can actually watch this movie on split screen.
We'll have it in the notes.
The filming was done by a very young man named Brian De Palma.
What the performing group does is is really synthesizing a lot of theater of cruelty.
It's a lot of moaning, jockstraps, touching.
Audiences are seated on the floor on scaffolds.
No one's really in chairs.
They'll be grabbed and moved around.
And the audience got really into this.
And this run kept extending longer and longer and longer.
And there was a point where the they got so rowdy.
Someone took Bacchus, I think, and just removed him, like left the place with like picked him up and carried him out.
And he was probably nude at the time.
This is a guy.
They took a whole guy and they just.
A whole guy.
What?
So what the rest of the group does is they find someone in the audience who knows the text because they've come and seen it so many times.
And they end up performing as Bacchus for the rest of the show.
Oh, now that's an offstage swing.
Like, come on.
Wow.
Broadway is back.
That's right.
That's like the fucking thing in football of like, and they needed another man.
And somebody stood up and said, I will be the.
I'll be the man.
Some fucking.
I'll be nude.
That's right.
And it's like.
Me, my dick.
That's kind of cool artistically that they were able to do that.
But also like, where's that guy?
What happened to him?
Did they bring him back?
Did they hurt him?
Like, where did he go?
Is he OK?
This becomes kind of a pattern that we're going to see when we talk about Sleep No More in particular.
So I'm sure you must know, like the Cunningham Cage.
I do not.
Collaboration.
Merce Cunningham and John Cage.
From the Rent lyric.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Cunningham and Cage.
Like, we're famous collaborators.
Cage would write some music.
Cunningham would choreograph something.
They would not put them together until they performed the pieces.
Oh, wow.
It was all very based on chance.
OK.
They would like he was very into that kind of stuff.
He would set up all these different like movement phrases that the dancers would know.
And then backstage, they would roll dice to decide like what order they would go in.
That's what the neo-futurists do for their like sketch comedies is they have like.
Well, they stole it from Merce Cunningham.
Wow.
But the other the other dance thing that I was thinking of when you were talking about,
what is it, four minutes, 33 seconds?
Yeah.
Yeah.
There is a from a bit later than this time period.
But there is a work by modern choreographer Paul Taylor that is called, I believe, Duet.
Please don't come for me in the comments if that's not correct.
All the Paul Taylor heads, cool your shit.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
It's been a long time.
Oh, God.
They're potabouraying into the comments.
They're gonna.
They're gonna.
But all that happens is that a man and a woman, the curtain goes up on them and they
do nothing.
OK.
For about four minutes.
And then the curtain comes back down.
Also sounds like something that Marina and Ulay would have done.
Oh, absolutely.
Except they would have done it for four days.
Four hours.
Yeah.
So it's all in the happenings.
That's great.
I had no idea.
The same weird pianist.
Now another Rent lyric has been explained to me.
And as we said, it's always about pianist.
We're always seeing pianist.
We are.
Pianist everywhere.
Especially on the moon.
Go back in time just a little bit.
Of course, we had fun houses starting in the late 19th century, early 20th century.
By the 1910s, that's when we had our first haunted attractions.
I couldn't find any good information on when we first had actors in haunted attractions.
I would assume that some of these 1910s haunts did have like a live person who would go wah
and of course pull their penis out.
What's the scariest thing you could do?
Waluigi?
Yes.
So haunted houses become a standard, especially I feel like in middle America, like haunted
corn mazes, haunted homes, haunted hay rides with live actors dressed up as ghoulies and
ghosties.
In the 1970s, we get a response to the haunted house where Jerry Falwell creates the hell house.
You walk into an attraction that instead of scaring you with a skeleton guy, it tells you that
if you have sex, you become a skeleton.
Right.
Forever in hell.
And rather than doing like a spooky room with a scary, spooky doctor, it's like a botched
coat hanger abortion.
Yeah.
Not joking, by the way.
That's genuinely like what it is.
Jesus.
But yeah, if you're interested in hell houses, there is a really great documentary about it.
Yes.
Called Hell House.
And that documentary actually ended up serving as an inspiration for a lot of theater makers.
And in fact, the same people who ended up making Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson made a
hell house in 2007 in New York in collaboration with a real Pentecostal pastor.
What?
So he was not doing it ironically and everyone else was.
That's wild.
This was like right before Sleep No More.
I didn't know about that.
So in the 70s, also, we get social theater.
Some of it arose starting in the 60s in like the farm workers strikes in California.
Plays that would be done as these little actos on the beds of flatbed pickup trucks and in
union halls.
And that was being done by El Teatro Campesino, which eventually moved up to Northern California
in San Juan Bautista, which is a very, very small town of like 2000 people.
And they're still around.
They're still making theater.
Another famous name, if you studied theater, is Augusto Boal, who is a Brazilian theater
maker and politician.
Those don't go together.
Not usually, but sometimes.
He would include street performance as part of his campaign and even basically hired his
whole theater company to work in the government with him when he was elected into office.
I don't know that much about Boal as as a sitting politician, so I can't tell you how effective
all that was, but it is very interesting.
If you've ever heard of theater of the oppressed, by the way, that is sort of the movement that
he pioneered.
It's this idea.
If you ever did theater games growing up, there's a chance that Augusto Boal invented them.
It's kind of a gamified version of what Brecht was trying to do earlier on.
This idea that like by creating theatrical performance that allows us to sort of illuminate
our material conditions in a way that's just a little bit detached from full immersion,
it can, you know, heighten the fucking contradictions or whatever.
And Boal specifically focused.
He kind of took a more medieval mindset, right?
He thought that it's not theater's job to teach people of lower classes of the oppressed
to defeat their oppression.
It should be done by those people.
So he would go to like small villages and then like create theater out there with like
farmers and stuff.
Oh, hell yeah.
So in the 90s, we get an explosion of like new attractions.
Of course, Disney parks expand in the 80s and 90s.
We get the Star Trek experience in Vegas, which was apparently quite a big thing.
Have you never heard of this, Josh?
No.
Oh, it was a big thing.
I know my dad's high school friend went to it and had a great time with actors.
You'd get on the bridge and you'd be like the captain of the Enterprise.
Very expensive.
And you would like live out an episode of Star Trek.
Was this modeled after the original Enterprise or the Enterprise D?
First, after the Enterprise NCCO 701D.
And then they had a 4D experience based on Voyager.
For the people who aren't in Star Trek heads, it was modeled after Next Generation as opposed
to original Trek.
That's interesting because when I was at Disneyland, I went on Rise of the Resistance, which is the
big immersive dark ride where you go up against fucking, you know, Adam Driver.
It's just Adam Driver.
He's just there.
That's right.
Just hanging out.
Just with this big baseball mitt hand.
But what's even more impressive than that ride is honestly the land that they have themed
after Star Wars with all of these immersive attractions.
Because Blue Milk, Disney went really, really in on the immersive themed ship for Star Wars.
And Avatar too.
It's not panning out quite the way that they hoped, unfortunately, for them.
But I just had the thought of, oh, it would be so cool if there was a Trek experience that
was like this.
And of course, Star Trek actually did it first.
It got it got closed down.
It got bought out by one company and it was 2008.
And so a bunch of attractions in Las Vegas closed down.
Darren, I, of course, know about the Coyote Ugly experience in Las Vegas that closed in 2008
as well.
Oh, my God.
Also, if you have seen the Baz Luhrmann Elvis movie, he's like driving through Vegas and
then you see the Enterprise and the Enterprise takes off and takes us into the past.
That's why.
Because it's Las Vegas in the 90s.
And in New York, we start getting these theater makers, some of whom have friends in Wall Street
and in New York real estate.
One of those companies is called Gail Gates et al.
That is the full name, Gail Gates et al., where they were basically just given a venue
because of the neighborhood in New York called Dumbo.
And Dumbo was this working class neighborhood that was built to build the Brooklyn Bridge.
Yes.
Neighborhood was actually known as Fulton Fulton Ferry or Fulton's Landing, depending on who
you ask.
So it was purchased by one single developer who developed the entire thing.
Two trees.
And put Gail Gates et al.
in this space where they produced a number of what were being called at this point installations.
So we don't have the term immersive theater taking off yet.
It's appearing in some places, but we have installations, attractions, landscape theater,
happenings, all of that.
But no one is saying immersive theater.
We also have Diane Paulus and Randy Weiner.
Two really, really great people.
Nice people.
Theatrical loyalty.
So they start a show called The Donkey Show.
Not that donkey show.
No.
I have no follow up questions.
The Donkey Show in 69.
No.
No.
The Donkey Show is based on a Midsummer Night's Dream.
And it's basically just a big disco party.
And there's drag and there's dancing.
And I actually, a friend that I worked with a few years back had actually worked on the
original version of The Donkey Show.
The Donkey Show eventually closes after a six year run, 1999 to 2005.
That's not bad.
And then it moves to Boston along with Diane Paulus and runs for like a decade until 2019.
Oh, it's done now?
It's not still running at the air.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It closed just before COVID.
In 2000, Punch Drunk is born.
They do three shows in a year, starting with The Cherry Orchard by Chekhov.
And they do a version of this play where you can walk through it.
But I didn't have a lot on the history of immersive theater in the UK.
So there are a lot of big blind spots.
They're not the first.
They're coming along.
There are already movements to make this stuff.
There's a lot of stuff that happens in the 2000s that I'm going to be glossing over here
because at this point I'm focusing in on New York.
So around the same time, Gail Gates does their final show in Dumbo So Long Ago I Can't Remember
based on Dante's Inferno.
This, I think, sets one, the standard for a lot of immersive shows.
You're going to see a lot of Inferno-based immersive shows.
You're going to see a lot of immersive shows based on works of literature that aren't necessarily
theater, but things that have big visuals that go into them.
This is why Macbeth serves us all really well because it's got big visuals.
Also, weird pieces of theater like Wojtzec or something like that.
Punch Drunk even does a Faust just before they're doing Sleep No More.
And Faust was going to be the thing that they were going to bring stateside first.
But Sleep No More was this production that they had done in 2003 on some very small scale
and decided they wanted to do it again.
So after 2006 and Alex Timbers directs Hell House at St. Anne's written by an actual pastor,
Gail Gates also closes down after a few years because they're not making any shows.
And they're essentially just renting their venue out, which becomes a very solid business
model for a lot of immersive.
Yeah.
And something that I do want to point up here as well, that people who are not from New
York are probably not going to be familiar with is the fact that St. Anne's Warehouse,
Gail Gates, all of these things being in this neighborhood, Dumbo, right?
Which, again, up until the early 2000s, nobody really lived there.
Like there were there were some people, but it was primarily industrial and it was primarily
vacant industrial.
Yeah.
Derelict.
The the actual rents and asking prices in this neighborhood were very, very low.
But there was a lot of vacant industrial space.
And so what this allowed for was a tremendous amount of creative freedom, because much like
other neighborhoods in New York City, for instance, Soho in the 1970s, you could go, you
could find a whole lot of space and you could do whatever you wanted with it without having
to pay a great amount of money out of pocket.
But of course, this proposition was also very, very appealing to real estate developers.
And having an active art scene in a neighborhood is one of the best ways to turbocharge early
gentrification.
It turns out that avant garde theater is funded the same way that the United States was created
for the first 200 years.
It's free real estate.
Can we say what Dumbo stands for?
Down under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass.
They had to add overpass.
Because otherwise it would just be dumb.
Where you live.
There's no reason to say overpass.
Like it's literally just there.
So the neighborhood is not called dumb.
It's so stupid in the way that all naming of all neighborhoods in New York City,
New York is pretty stupid.
Remember that they're trying to turn the South Bronx into the piano district?
That was my favorite.
What?
No.
There's just so many pianos.
You walk around, someone pulls out their pianist.
Cage, get out of here.
I'm just imagining like a neighborhood full of like pianos falling on people like Looney
Toons, you know?
I can't keep playing my piano with all these tracksuits falling from the sky.
They're clocking up my chords.
But also this kind of the venue makes the art possible is something that happens again and
again and again, especially for a Mr. Walt Disney.
Let's not forget that he bought up all of that space under a whole bunch of different names
in Florida in the middle of the swamp.
Yep.
So that nobody would know what he was doing.
And now the Disney Corporation basically has the 51st state.
You get in on the ground floor before there's not anything really there, quote unquote.
There is there are things there.
There are people there.
There are established ways of life there.
But you can take something with relatively few people and you can turn it into your own
thing very quickly.
The story of all of this and the story of immersive theater is also one of real estate
capital.
They are inextricably tied together.
Meow Wolf is another example.
Yes.
Meow Wolf is a great example.
They got this huge space.
George R.R.
Martin gave them a bowling alley.
Oh, yeah.
That's how Meow Wolf started here.
Do something cool in here.
Was it just like lying around or?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was a bowling alley that was no longer in use.
But George R.R.
Martin had bought the property.
He owns a bit of property out in Santa Fe.
He owns a wolf preserve.
He owns a movie theater.
And that's how their real estate empire started.
Wow.
And we'll talk about them a little bit more later.
So in 2008, Diane Paulus becomes the artistic director of American Repertory Theater, ART.
This is at Harvard.
Heard.
Heard of it.
And remounts the donkey show then.
Randy Weiner teams up with a couple of his friends, Arthur Carpati and Jonathan Hochwald.
So Hochwald is an executive.
He's directing things over at another big venue, another big entertainment venue in New York.
Madison Square Garden.
Ah, yes.
Where?
What's that?
Arthur Carpati is a real estate guy.
Now that I have to mention something.
I went, Darrell, with your husband, to a panel years ago at the Drama League that was being done by a bunch of people who work in immersive theater.
You had like the costume designer for Natasha Pierre in the Great Comet of 1812 talking about how the difficulties of putting people in white dresses when you're serving the audience borscht.
So Randy Weiner was such an unpleasant person the entire time.
I'm like, why did you even agree to do this panel?
He was very dodgy for even just like really anodyne questions.
And one person, you know, did the usual.
You know, what is your advice for people who are on the floor here and, you know, trying to build something up and make immersive theater?
And he's like, well, you just got to make friends with real estate guys.
I mean, yes, it's not wrong.
You know, super friendly people.
Also not helpful.
Not at all.
Sleep No More then opens in Boston being produced by this new company called Immersive.
E-M-U-R-S-I-V-E for some reason.
I don't know why they call it that.
But you've got emu-ersive.
Yeah, it's like e-tickets, e-mail, e-girls, e-mersive.
That's true.
That's true.
It's about all the e-girls.
So Sleep No More, remounted now, is at a school.
They found an abandoned school near Boston.
There's the whole Tumblr page that is one person just operating on the thesis that the Boston version is better.
And they go into very deep detail of everything regarding Sleep No More, but specifically from that angle that like Boston was the superior.
On Tumblr?
I don't think so.
Well, that's the thing is that a lot of Sleep No More's like documentation is on Tumblr.
There is a wiki you could go to.
The wiki's not good.
But Tumblr.
It's really quite.
Tumblr.
That was sort of the prime of it, right?
That's true.
When this comes out in 2011 or, you know, before that in Boston in 2008, you know, that's sort of when Tumblr was in its prime.
And this is the kind of show that lends itself, I think, to internet sleuths.
Yeah.
And I feel like a lot of internet sleuths found their home on Tumblr.
You know, they're horny theater people.
Right.
So this is the year, if you look at the Google Ngram meter, right, where you see the usage of words over time.
Immersive theater was a term that kind of existed and would be used probably somewhat incidentally.
You know, someone would be like, oh, yes, I saw this very immersive piece of theater or whatever.
But you see immersive theater, ER, immersive theater, RE, spelled together.
In 2008, this term starts to rise.
And by 2011, it takes off.
But by the point that Sleep No More opens in New York, they're still not using that term.
So if you look at reviews of like what Gail Gates was doing 10 years earlier, there's a lot of like, it's hard to classify this.
Installation.
Installation becomes kind of the thing, especially because like Michael came from Michael counts came from installations before that with Sleep No More.
And with a lot of shows being produced at this point and Hell House and stuff, the term that's being used a lot is promenade.
Theater in the promenade.
And that was the term we used at Calvin when we did a show in the promenade.
That's what I remember being described as, too, when I was in school.
Promenade, found space and on location.
Those were the terms.
Oh, I remember found space.
I remember, yeah.
And ours was.
All three of those.
We did a Shakespeare show inspired by Sleep No More.
We sure did.
When our professor had definitely not seen Sleep No More because there's no actual talking in it.
And it should also be noted, our professor did not actually book all of the spaces that we were supposed to be using.
No, she did not.
So then we ended up, a lot of our locations just ended up being theaters.
Because it was like, oh, yeah, we'll do the scene down in this hallway.
And then we got down in the hallway and some fucking, you know, person who was like one of the physical plant people walked past.
Like, hey, what are your kids doing here?
It's like, well, we have the space.
No, you don't.
No, you don't.
That's right.
You guys had that.
You were in like a storage space.
They're like, no, that's not happening.
You can't do that.
Yeah, we did the show where we did individual scenes of Shakespeare and just led the audience from one to the next one throughout the evening.
And it was fine.
By the time we get to like this Forbes article that I'll be referencing later about Sleep No More, that's 2014.
And they're saying immersive theater now exclusively.
OK.
And so this becomes the industry term.
So as I laid out aesthetically, this has all existed before in some form.
But there has never been an immersive theater industry until Sleep No More opens in New York in 2011.
I think this might be an interesting point to talk just a little bit about, like the hallmarks of what makes something immersive, quote unquote, because there are sort of genre conventions.
Obviously, you have spaces that are very dark.
You have keypads that you can hack.
You have a variety of tools available to you.
You have melee weapons.
You have pistols.
Hold on.
You have melee playing a big role.
That's right.
You can utilize stealth, crawl through vents.
That's right.
Actually, Darren, I worked at a place where you could crawl through a vent.
You have to.
But always, always stick with the gap gun.
That's the most.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, but seriously.
Immersive theater actually is kind of a broad category because you could, you know, on the one hand, you have a long running show like Accomplice, which Neil Patrick Harris produced, where you're on the street and you're walking around kind of on a walking tour.
I had a friend in that show and he, you know, he would spend a lot of time standing on street corners in New York in the winter, like freezing his ass off.
It sounds so fun.
Waiting for the next group of tourists to come so he could give them instructions or a suitcase or whatever.
Similar to the ride, which does the same thing, except the audience is in a bus and you, the performer, are not.
You, the performer, are usually in a Shake Shack until like 30 seconds before the bus comes.
Then you grab your saxophone.
You have to sprint outside, fries in your mouth.
Right, right, right.
Do you also run like Phoebe from Friends?
Absolutely.
But let's talk about what Sleep No More is in particular now because that's what we went and saw.
That's what this is about.
This is the thing that changed the game.
So let's talk about our experience now on Wednesday this past week when we bought our tickets and we're supposed to go to a place called the McKittrick Hotel in New York City.
So what was your impression of the exterior of this definitely a hotel?
It looked nothing like a hotel.
It is amazing how little signage there is on it.
I think that's one of the most impressive things about Sleep No More is that there's a little tiny plaque that says the Manderley Bar.
And then there's another one that says the McKittrick Hotel.
But there's no like this is Sleep No More.
No like reviews plastered up.
You know, the general rule of thumb in New York theater is that you have your marquee, right?
You have your name up in lights.
And in this one, nothing.
It is just a warehouse miles away from anything.
To be clear, it is literally a warehouse.
This is in Chelsea, New York.
This is where a lot of warehouses eventually converted to art gallery space.
This particular warehouse or some of it.
This is kind of three different buildings that they kind of knock down walls and combine together.
Used to have like nightclubs in it and art galleries before becoming the home of Sleep No More.
Now, Dara, you had gone to Sleep No More one time before, I believe, right?
That's true.
So this was my second time seeing the show.
And also many years even before that, when I first got to the city, I auditioned for Sleep No More.
How'd that go?
Let me tell you how fun it is to try to find an audition where there's no signs outside.
I bet it's great.
Just a bunch of dancers with bags walking around 11th Avenue like, is this the door?
Just trying all the doors on this weird unmarked building.
And what was that process like?
Because you got to go in there with all the lights on and everything.
Yeah, I mean, it's kind of wild because I went in to audition before having had seen the show.
At that point, I was fresh to New York City and absolutely did not have the funds available for the ticket price.
But so it was kind of wild.
Like someone would meet you, one of the security team or something would meet you and lead you up to what is one of the bedrooms, essentially.
All the props and everything.
It's not like they strike anything ever.
So everything's just out.
But then here comes this group of like dancewear clad 20 somethings with their bags and like their water bottles and things.
Like, can I put this on this couch?
Like, where do I go?
And the audition happens.
Can I use this chair?
Yeah.
No.
So this onboarding as you're outside, there's basically the only way you really know you're going somewhere is that there is a line.
There is a bouncer and there is a velvet rope.
Yeah.
You don't even have, you know, in this modern day, you don't even have like a QR code that's sent to you.
You just say your name.
Right.
So it's just like all you guys like the first time I went, a friend of mine, his wife didn't like come to the show with him that night.
And he's like, hey, are you like nearby?
And I was like, yeah, I kind of am.
And he's like, come see the show.
So I met him inside and I was like walking around outside.
I'm like, I don't have a ticket.
You know, this was before 5G.
I couldn't text him.
Like there was no signal in the bar.
Yeah.
And I was like, Joe, Joe, what's going on here?
How do I get in?
And I was just like, I'm with Joe.
And they went, oh, Joe.
Yeah.
Come on in.
I mean, I said his last name.
Very speakeasy style, like slide open the window.
What's the password?
You can just kind of talk your way into it.
And I wonder how many freeloaders there are in a given night.
I mean, when we went up there, Josh and I gave our name to the guy.
Like we actually, Brian, it was under your name.
So I said COVID it's a little bit more strict and the whole group has to come in all at
once together.
Right.
Right.
So I told the bouncer Mickey Mouse and we were led.
Of course.
Yeah.
He's like, oh, I've heard of you.
Damn it.
But when you walk into the main hallway, the door shuts behind you.
And I think the first thing, Brian, you said you leaned over to me and like started quoting
Haunted Mansion.
I was like, are you getting smaller or is this room getting larger?
It really is.
And that's what it feels like.
It was the very first thing that I thought of because I had gone to Haunted Mansion three weeks
earlier.
That's right.
So like I was like, this is just like it's a rather than being high, it's long.
But this is just the Haunted Mansion.
Fun fact, the original design for the Haunted Mansion was a walkthrough attraction where you
would just walk from room to room and have timed sequences played out per group.
But immediately you're in the world of this thing, right?
Yeah.
There's a lot of crowd control.
You buy tickets that are staggered by time.
An interesting thing about the show is that whether you get the ticket at seven or eight
or seven forty five or seven fifteen, it is the same cost.
But you can get priority like jump the whole line tickets for an added cost that also give
you a seat at the bar and give you like a couple of drinks and stuff on top of that.
So you're let in very slowly.
And the first time I went, I think my friend had bought one of the priority tickets because
the the Oz one, the one that's not the high level one, is about forty dollars more per
person.
And so he just spent that money.
And I got to see it for free.
I'm still.
Thank you, Joe.
If you get in early, it's pretty smooth.
If you get in late and possibly post covid and possibly a bunch of people were sick and
like low on staff or something.
This took us a very long time to get in.
We were admitted through the door at seven forty five.
We did not actually get in the show until after eight thirty.
Basically, the show operates in loops.
Yes.
There's three loops over the course of the night.
It's a three hour show.
And so each hour is you're seeing the same sequence of things with a couple of little
differences for the very last one.
So we so we basically saw a loop and a half.
The first time I saw sleep no more, I got in like right at seven in the early days of
it.
It wasn't nearly as crowded as is now.
We'll talk a little bit more about audience participation a little bit later and how that
sort of changed over the years.
But I got in right at seven and I was there for the whole three hours.
And what's so cool about experiencing multiple loops is that, first of all, they don't tell
you it's going to loop.
Right.
So once once it looped for the first time, it's like, wait, what's going?
It's looping.
And then you start getting like Groundhog Day powers of like, so I know where this person
is going to be.
How can I experience that more?
And how can I start connecting the puzzles that are located in here with the stuff I'm
actually seeing?
Like, it's it's very cool.
If you can get in there early, get in there early.
So the big hallmarks of this space is it's incredibly dark.
It's way darker than you would probably expect it to be.
How dark would you say it is, Brian?
If you want to read the props, it's it's not quite adequate lighting for reading the
letters and things.
And especially when you walk through the little dark labyrinth at the front of the show, I
would say it reminds me a bit of a game called Thief or perhaps even its sequel Thief 2 because
it is too dark.
So when you get admitted, they give you like a playing card.
There's so many different things that are about timing your way in.
They give you a playing card.
You're at this little bar where most of it is fenced off because it's for the reserve
seating.
And so you're all just standing in a little huddle.
They keep trying to get you to buy drinks.
And there used to be performers around there who would like read your fortune and stuff.
There were not in this case.
A whole separate performance venue.
Essentially, it was like a cabaret show.
You could have walked out of Sleep No More into the it's called the Manderley Bar.
And there would be a show happening at that time.
That was not the case now.
What's interesting is this onboarding system is so, so long, but there's almost no rules.
There's no walking through what you can and can't do.
So little.
So little direction.
It used to be less.
They used to just say like fortune favors the bold and don't talk like that's it.
They don't say fortune favors the bold anymore.
They tell you to keep distance from from the performers now.
And we'll get into why.
So they hand you a mask that is a Venetian Carnival mask.
However, it's really just an eyes wide shut mask because every piece of immersive theater
is eyes wide shut.
That's just a rule.
That's a hard and fast rule.
That movie changed everything.
Worth noting is these masks are designs that they have to fit a lot of different faces.
They're not comfortable for everyone.
But was your experience with this mask comfortable?
No.
Oh, yeah.
Not you.
Oh, really?
But AJ, you?
Not in the least.
Oh, yeah.
Josh, what about you?
I mean, it was able to fit over my glasses.
Okay.
Yeah.
But dear, not you.
I've always found the mask to be very comfortable.
It's a very well-designed mask, but you're unlucky, huh?
I don't think I have a large enough nose to keep the mask away from like poking me in the eyes.
Oh, that makes sense.
So I was constantly kind of like adjusting it to sit on the tip, the very tip of my nose
so that it would not just be like on my eyeballs.
Yeah.
The thing is, when you're running upstairs, you have to adjust.
You have to kind of like look down.
And by the time you look back up, like the performer may have stopped in front of you
and then you have to stop.
You have crashed.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You have crashed.
Masks are very hard to design.
Masks are just incredibly hard to design.
And you want to, on almost all occasions, purpose build them for one guy, right?
Whoever that may be.
If you go to Party City and buy sort of the generic plastic mask, that doesn't fit anyone
on earth.
Nobody.
No.
Ever.
They're off.
You'll always just look like Dwight Schrute when he cut the face off of the Resessa Annie
doll.
Right?
Oh my God.
Resessa Annie.
Annie Annie is not okay in that situation.
Yeah.
She was struck by a smooth criminal.
Oh my God.
And there are people in the show called black masks.
Yeah.
Or stewards.
Or stewards who are in the same mask you are, but it's black.
And those are basically there to ensure the safety of the actors and to ensure the safety
of audience members.
So they're not being like run into or anything.
They're crew.
They're stage managers.
And they move around a fair bit.
They do.
They have to.
Yeah.
There are parts of the way that the sort of flow of the performance is designed where
sometimes the whole staircase, that's sort of the central thing.
You can go all the way up and all the way down.
Sometimes certain floors need to be blocked off.
So they will be around sort of standing in different positions, sometimes restricting
access to those parts.
And there are even backstage spaces.
A lot of times the actor has like a little break in each loop where they will just sort
of disappear behind a curtain.
And then the black mask will just hold their hand up to stop you from going.
It's all nonverbal.
And I think that they do actually an incredible job of indicating what they need to do.
It's an incredibly difficult job.
This show is done on five floors.
Secretly, there is a sixth floor that is only for one-on-one experiences.
And here's the thing.
We said it was based on Shakespeare, right?
It's based on Macbeth.
It's also based on a Hitchcock movie named Rebecca.
It's not a play.
You hear, if you don't do a one-on-one, you will probably not hear a single person talk
the entire night.
This is not just a show with a bunch of people not talking.
This is specifically, as hinted by the fact that Dara auditioned for it, it's a dance
show.
And I think people might not be expecting that when they come into it.
And that's why it's even more interesting to think that a three-hour long dance show
has had the kind of life that this has had.
It's kind of great.
I love it.
Yeah.
People are totally drawn in.
And I wonder if the function of not really telling people that it's a dance show has helped
it.
Because then people are like, oh, yeah, I want to go where they may not have if it's like,
oh, it's a three-hour show with dance experience.
Yeah.
And nobody is talking to you.
Yeah.
I mean, that's kind of a question that I have, right?
Is I'm sure you've done shows and it can be, I imagine, a hard sell to get people on
board, right?
Yeah, it is.
Yeah.
Because it's not, there's the perception of it being less accessible if you're not using
verbal language.
As a dancer, I believe that's fundamentally untrue.
Like everybody has a body and uses it and we definitely understand what's going on.
But I do think it would make it a harder sell.
I think it would have maybe closed already if they were like, dance show, sleep no more.
Yeah.
I don't know how that would have gone, honestly.
And we'll talk a little bit more in the second half about like how the marketing of this show
worked.
But like you are in here and you are seeing very interesting like pas de deux kind of
dancing.
You see these great solos.
You're seeing incredible acts of physical work that, especially since they're also running
down flights of stairs and running back up flights of stairs and doing all of this for
three hours, sometimes nude.
Or in water or in the complete dark covered in fake blood.
Real blood.
No.
Yeah.
No, it was red velvet cake mix and you can smell it.
Yeah.
I'm so glad they use that, too.
That was the trick we would use when we used to do blood packets.
Yeah.
Was that was the red velvet cake?
It tastes so good.
And it doesn't stain your skin like a lot of other stage stage blood.
Obviously, they can't have happen.
Things need to loop.
Yeah.
They have to wash it all off.
And that's all incorporated into the show.
Washing blood off of people.
So in talking more about the specifics of the story, I guess we do want to give people
a little synopsis of what Macbeth is.
So, AJ, I think you wrote something up about Macbeth.
So, yeah.
The tragedy of Macbeth.
As it is spelled in the first folio.
Oh, what bloody man is this?
I think a lot of people don't remember the specifics of it because they may have read it
in high school.
Yeah, they read Macbeth and Hamlet back to back.
One is the ghost one.
One is the witch one.
And no one remembers which one is the witch one.
Yeah.
There's this guy, Macbeth, who's really terrible at his job.
He's a Scottish general.
And he's told a prophecy along with his buddy Banquo by three witches who are called the
Weird Sisters and who are not, surprisingly, an 80s hair metal band that Macbeth will be
made Thane of Cawdor and then become king.
What's a Thane, you ask?
Don't worry about it.
Banquo, on the other hand, will not be king.
So say the Weird Sisters.
But his sons will be.
Let's put a sword in that for later because Macbeth sure will.
Macbeth doesn't believe the prophecy until Ross, who is a different Thane.
Don't worry about him.
Seriously, do not worry about Ross.
We were on a break.
He runs on and basically tells him that Macbeth is the Thane of Cawdor now.
Oh, that's the first part of the witch's prophecy.
So Macbeth instantly believes in magic.
Macbeth is like, holy shit, I'm going to be king.
I still don't know what a Thane is, but we'll worry about that later.
So the current king, meanwhile, as we've mentioned, his name is Duncan and he's going to spend
the night at Macbeth's castle in Inverness.
They arrive at the castle and Macbeth shares his misgivings about killing the king to his
wife, Lady Macbeth, who you may have heard of.
She have out damn spot fame.
Yeah.
And she's like, don't worry about it.
It's chill.
Well, she basically tells him to stop being a cuck and to kill the king.
In more literal sense, she's like, don't be a pussy, which she's also saying to her
own pussy.
They hatch a scheme where they will get the Chamberlains who are in Duncan's quarters
blackout drunk and then pin the murder on them.
Macbeth kills Duncan, but some like in his sleep starts happening in his sleep.
No more like a floating bloody dagger appears in front of Macbeth and the weather outside
is becoming a wee bit apocalyptic.
So, you know, everything seems fine.
After after Macbeth murders Duncan, he hears this voice cry out to him that says,
sleep no more.
Macbeth has murdered sleep.
Aha.
Aha.
Aha.
Oh, there we go.
Meanwhile, a porter at the castle gates does some comic relief because this play really
needs some comic relief.
Yeah.
He talks about his penis.
Yes.
Surprise, surprise.
It's a bunch of dick jokes.
It's just like this podcast.
Yes.
Macduff arrives at the castle for what was supposed to be a big soiree with the most powerful people
in Scotland and discovers his beloved King Duncan is dead.
Oh, you hate to see it.
You hate to see it.
He tries to ask the Chamberlains about it, but Macbeth kills them because, ooh, he was
just so angry about Duncan's dead.
We gotta get some more killing in here, yeah.
But those were the guys who had pinned the murderer.
Come on, guy.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, bullet.
But he's not well thought through.
Macbeth is very bad at his job.
There's one thing you can take away from this.
He's so bad at scheming.
Macduff finds all this very suss.
Yeah, sussy baka.
We get the first real sense that maybe Macbeth sucks at all this.
Malcolm and Donald Bane.
Okay, these are very important.
Malcolm and Donald Bane.
These are Duncan's two sons.
Malcolm is, of course, the heir to the throne.
And because of this, they fear for their lives and they get the fuck out of there.
And Macbeth uses that as an excuse to seize the throne.
The classic, well, if they were innocent, why would they run defense?
Macbeth is king.
That's two prophecies fulfilled, baby.
Magic is real and witches are real.
Pew, pew.
Nothing a witch could tell me could ever go wrong.
No, this is the comedy of Macbeth, right?
So Banquo is by this point also very suspicious of Macbeth because, again, very bad at his job.
Decides to leave the castle that night with his son, Fleance, before Macbeth's big kingly banquet that he's going to celebrate his ascension to the throne.
Macbeth sends two murderers to kill both Banquo and his son, Fleance.
But suspiciously, a third murderer shows up.
A third-er-er?
Yeah.
A third-er-er.
Sorry.
No, that's good.
That's good.
That's actually, that's something.
So Banquo gets Swiss-cheesed by the murderers, but Fleance escapes.
Uh-oh.
The first crack in Macbeth's whole plan.
The banquet goes on its schedule, but what's this?
Macbeth sees Banquo's ghost at the head of the banquet sitting in his chair.
Gas!
Gas!
Banquo, no!
Also, no one else sees him, so this makes Macbeth look pretty crazy.
Anyway, Hecate is also in this play.
She's another witch.
Another witch.
She's a demon that, like, gives the witches sort of their power, and she tells the witches
that they shouldn't have helped Macbeth.
That's sort of her whole point in the play.
She's very important in Sleep No More, less important in Macbeth.
It's like an As You Like It when Hymen shows up, and everyone's like, here's Hymen.
Hey, look, everybody.
Hymen is here.
This is such a weird, like, fucking Shakespeare just introducing a random guy and being like,
here's this guy we've known all along, right?
And they have, like, one scene, and they're fucking gone.
Macbeth visits the Weird Sisters for a second time, and they tell him three more pieces of
the prophecy of what is yet to come, right?
One, Macbeth, Macbeth, beware, Macduff.
Two, no one who is born of a woman will be able to harm him.
Oh, well, that's everybody, right?
Yeah.
So he's fine.
You may think so.
Oh, that's real gender essentialist of you, Brian.
Oh, shit.
Cancel.
I really hope there's not some wordplay that will completely undo all of this.
They also tell him that no one will be able to harm Macbeth until Burnham Wood starts moving
on its own, right?
It's like saying if pigs fly.
Another thing that just couldn't happen.
Macbeth is super relieved because two of these three things are impossible.
Right.
And, you know, he's going to be fine.
Unless someone, you know, perhaps a playwright were to pull some semantic bullshit.
William Shakespeare?
Never.
Never.
Unless somebody was just really into, you know, the old history of Rome and learned
about how Julius Caesar was born.
So Macbeth has all of Macduff's family killed because he's really losing it at this point.
Macduff gets word that his family has been slaughtered.
And then that gives him some really good motivation to join up forces with Malcolm, who is Duncan's
son and the true heir to the throne.
And they both lay siege on Macbeth's castle.
They march up from England to which they had fled.
They march up using camouflage.
Ooh, what kind of camouflage, Brian?
Well, they just cut down a bunch of trees and walk behind them.
And so they're carrying the trees in front of them as though perhaps Burnham would.
Oh!
It's moving on its own!
My God.
My God.
Hell and shit!
Lady Macbeth, meanwhile, gets a sudden case of the conscience and starts sleepwalking,
seeing Duncan's blood on her hands.
Yeah, she keeps washing her hands.
She has a stillborn child.
And she eventually kills herself.
The army's approaching the castle.
They obviously have the trees.
So that's the first part of the prophecy fulfilled, kind of.
And then he does a battle with the army.
There's this big battle scene that's very confusing and very difficult to stage.
It's an action movie at this point, right?
And Macbeth feels invincible until Macduff tells him that he was from his mother's womb untimely ripped,
which means he was born from a cesarean section.
Yeah.
And that means that he is technically not from a woman born, which...
But like...
Yeah!
Anyway.
Shut up.
We're almost done.
So Macduff beheads Macbeth.
Malcolm takes the throne.
And as for that whole thing about Banquo's descendants taking the throne,
that whole part of the prophecy, well, the odds of the time,
they would know that James I was said to be a descendant of Banquo.
Sure, yeah.
So he did eventually take the throne.
There you go.
The end.
Wow.
That's the Scottish play.
And just keep some of those names, those instances in your head,
because we will be referencing them in a very fragmentary way as we talk about the show.
I will give a synopsis of Rebecca, but I'm going to do that after the break.
Which is now.
Yes.
Greetings and salutations, Bearcats and Bellbottoms,
and welcome to the McKittrick, New York's only hotel that also contains an entire remote Scottish village.
My name is Detective Rupert Caddell.
That's right.
I'm a P.I., a gumshoe, a real dick.
And tonight you're going to help me crack a doozy of a caper and...
Wow.
There are certainly a lot of you, aren't there?
Well, tonight you're going to help me get the beeswax on some real big shots.
The real cat's meow.
The real...
Oh, wow, there's more of you.
Okay, I'll just try and squeeze in there.
Okay, no pushing.
There's probably enough room for a...
Oh, okay.
If you've got the heebie-jeebies, why not take a bit of the hair of the dog that bit you?
That's right.
Go have a drink.
Or nine.
It's not like you'll be doing a lot of running or...
Oh, God.
There's so many people.
No 7-C or you'll be given the old thumbs rush from this hard dick.
Whoa.
Yo, man.
I just took three shots and it was nothing.
Okay, you.
Yes, you.
Grab my hand.
And let's vamoose.
No, no.
Not that way.
This way.
Come on.
We're almost there, rookie.
Just a little bit further.
Mask off, rookie.
If we're gonna be partners, I gotta know who I'm talking to.
Good.
Now, we don't got a lot of time.
Those lushes out there are blotted on so much giggle water,
they'll be upchucking absinthe till they're a palooka.
But I got this case, see?
Somebody's gone missing.
A real VIP if you smell the caribou I'm cooking.
And I need your help to get him back.
I've hidden a link in the notes.
It's got all the information you need.
I don't know how he went missing or why,
but all I know is there's some very powerful people
who want to make sure he stays that way.
Remember, the link's in the notes.
Find him.
Keep him safe.
Bring him home.
I'm counting on you, rookie.
Now, go.
In 1938, there was a book by Daphne du Maurier,
a gothic, Freudian novel called Rebecca.
It was a huge hit.
It has never gone out of print to this day.
And Hitchcock adapted it into a movie in 1940,
only two years later.
This book is narrated in the first person,
and the protagonist's name is never said.
Rebecca.
No.
Oh, damn.
No, she has no name.
We don't know what her name is.
So she is often referred to.
A girl has no name.
She is often referred to as simply the protagonist
or the other Mrs. DeWinter
or the second Mrs. DeWinter
to show that her status is very, very low
compared to Rebecca, who is not alive.
So this woman, very young, makes a trip.
She's kind of working as an employee
of this horrible old lady.
She likes chocolates.
They're on an island,
and she meets this brooding aristocrat.
In the movie, it's Laurence Olivier.
And his name, it turns out, is Maxim DeWinter.
And she gets into a relationship with him,
and they immediately get married,
and she doesn't know a thing about this man.
Normal.
And she moves to fucking Cornwall.
Totally fine.
To his estate called Manderley.
Now, if you remember from earlier,
Manderley is the name of the bar here at Sleep No More.
UNATCO president.
Yes.
Yes.
Joseph Manderley.
Very good.
So, at Manderley,
at Manderley?
Oh, man.
Manderley.
Manderley.
Without Manderley.
At Manderley, Mrs. DeWinter,
the new Mrs. DeWinter,
meets a maid named Mrs. Danvers,
who is a very dedicated servant of the DeWinter family,
and absolutely fucking hates this lady,
this protagonist.
And she loves the first wife.
She loves the dead wife,
whose name is Rebecca.
She's kept her bedroom exactly the way that Rebecca had it,
has kept her, like, monogrammed shit.
She uses Rebecca's own handkerchief.
Damn, that's creepy, though.
Very creepy.
Mrs. Danvers is a fucked up guy.
Every moment that she has,
she likes to remind the narrator
that she will never,
ever be as good as Rebecca.
The narrator lives entirely in Rebecca's shadow.
And at one point,
tries to, like, get out of it.
You know, she sees that her husband's still having a rough time.
He has these random outbursts of anger.
And she says,
I'm going to throw a big lavish party.
This is apparently what you used to do all the time.
So let's do it.
And Mrs. Danvers is like,
oh, I have a good idea for a dress you could wear.
You see this painting of his ancestor or whatever?
She has a nice dress.
Why don't you get someone to make that?
So she does.
The party starts.
She comes out in her gorgeous gown.
And Mr. DeWinter sees it
and freaks the fuck out
because it is the exact same gown
that Rebecca wore
on the night that she died.
Okay, what the fuck is Mrs. Danvers?
What the hell?
Mrs. Danvers,
more like Mrs.
fucked up verse.
That's right.
She is a verse.
She is not a top or a bottom.
She does both.
So what the protagonist finds out then,
she gets alone with her husband.
After Mrs. Danvers is like,
oh, by the way,
you should just maybe kill yourself.
Like, you see this window?
See this big open window?
Just jump.
Just jump out.
Just fucking kill yourself.
I get it.
Damn.
Just do it.
And so she-
Mandatory defenestration.
So the protagonist goes
and hangs out with Maxim.
And he's like,
so the thing is,
I killed my wife.
Oh.
In the movie,
because it's, you know,
the Hays Code era and everything,
he can't say I killed my wife.
He said she died by accident
in a way that is
very seriously implying
that he killed her.
Sure.
Because it turned out
that she was pregnant
with another man's child.
Her cousin lover.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She fucked her cousin.
And Rebecca was apparently
just like absolutely awful.
And it turns out
that Maxim actually loves
the new Mrs. De Winter.
And they really are built
for each other,
even though he killed
his previous wife.
But it was totally,
it's fine.
It's totally justified.
And I won't give away
the ending bits.
It's a very spectacular,
like very psychotic little,
little book and little movie.
But that's all that you really
need to know is like
Manderley,
Mrs. Danvers,
the wife,
the pregnant wife
who kind of gets like
single white female
reversed by proxy
into like sort of being
turned into Rebecca,
you know?
So in Sleep No More,
all of these characters
from Macbeth
and all of these characters
from Rebecca,
although the Rebecca characters
were renamed after Boston
because the book
is still under copyright.
They are all interacting
with each other
and telling their own stories
on the four floors
of Sleep No More.
On the fifth floor,
you get another story
that is about
the Scottish witch trials.
It's just kind of
its own thing
and it's fun
and I'll talk about
a couple moments in that,
but there's not really
any context I need to give
for that.
It's just witch trials.
You know how they go.
Basically,
all of the stuff
where I was like,
I don't know
who these guys are.
That was stuff
from Rebecca
as opposed to
Rebecca of the Witch Trials.
Yeah.
And then things
get very confusing
because Malcolm
exists in both universes
simultaneously.
This is Danvers
kind of crosses the line.
So these are not
full one-to-one
retellings of these stories
for reasons other than text.
It's also kind of
in the 1930s.
It's a little,
you know,
like Banquo
is a detective.
I should note as well
that that whole aesthetic
of that period,
like when I think about
immersive theater people,
just like,
and sorry,
I'm just going to do it.
Like,
they're too horny.
They're obsessed
with like the fucking 30s
and they all,
they love swing dancing
and the only thing
they love more
than swing dancing
and talking like this,
see,
is their polycule.
Um,
this is very,
and you're laughing
because you know
I'm fucking right.
This is very unfair
to all the steampunk guys
and gals.
Like,
there's a lot of steampunkers too.
But like,
yeah,
you have to remember
like Bioshock had just come out
when Sleep No More
was mounted in Boston.
There was a bit
where the guy
who did all the old-timey covers
for Bioshock Infinite
would often play
at the Manderley bar.
He would sing
Everybody Wants to Rule the World,
they'd be like,
Everybody Wants to Rule the World.
Like,
this is a show
that does draw
from video games.
Punch Drunk has even done
installations
as ads for video games
including like
Resistance 3
by Sony.
I don't know if anyone
ever played a Resistance game
but they did an ad for one.
Advertising is a huge part
of immersive theater.
I have done immersive theater ads
on a street corner
for Netflix's
The Irishman,
for instance.
Let's talk about
some of our favorite moments.
I asked everyone
to think about
three things
that they saw
on the show
and if you hear
the names of
Macbeth characters,
Rebecca characters,
you can refer back to that.
You can also refer
to a couple of the links
that I have put
in the description
of this episode.
One has kind of
a wide-ranging
but first-person synopsis
of what one person
experienced playing
Sleep No More
or going through
Sleep No More
and one is
just a chart
that shows
what each character
does in their loop.
Oh, that's cool.
I mean,
one of my favorite parts
of the show
as a whole structure
is the way
that they fuck
with time.
Time does not happen
in a linear way
inside the McKittrick.
Timelines overlap.
They go backwards.
The speed
at which time
passes changes.
If you're watching
particular scenes,
you'll sometimes
feel like you're hearing
the performers
speak backwards
or you'll feel
like they're moving backwards.
the choreography
actually happens
in retrograde,
which is not just
to do things
in reverse
but actually to do it
as if the tape
is rewinding,
which is pretty crazy.
Even the looping
series in and of itself
is like,
well, yeah,
you can pinpoint
this is going to happen again
but then it happens
a little differently,
like especially
the final loop.
There's these
slightly different things
that happen.
There's different moments.
The necklace is gone
and they're, you know.
Like in the third loop,
towards the beginning
of it,
Mrs. Macduff,
who is the Rebecca character
and also the Mrs. DeWinter character.
This is kind of
when it reveals
that that's the case
because Macbeth kills her.
Macduff mourns over her
but when he leaves,
she's still there
in the space
so you have to do something
with that performer.
She comes back to life
and kind of
is simultaneously a ghost
experiencing being a ghost
but is also just
beginning her loop again.
Other deaths happen
kind of at middle points
in the show.
When Duncan dies,
that's of course
the middle of Macbeth.
He dies,
his body gets taken care of,
it slid down some rails,
they put him in a room
and if you sit there
and wait for a while,
he'll come back
and he'll go back
to his room.
Everything has been
covered up
and he's uncovering it all
and then he kind of
gets back into his rhythm
and he does all the things
that he did before.
I had a moment
that I really enjoyed.
Hecate in this,
she's got like this
big long red dress,
she's got lipstick,
she's very cunty,
we love.
She stands out in a way
no one else is really
wearing color in this fashion
and again,
the light is so dim,
it can actually be
a little hard to tell
some characters
apart from each other
sometimes.
It's almost like
they're being filmed
in like a sepia
black and white
kind of way
except for this character.
And she pops,
right?
I came across her
after the blood orgy
which is one of the most
famous set pieces
in the whole thing.
It's exactly what it sounds like.
Everybody wants to see it.
Yep.
I ended up seeing it twice.
I didn't mean to.
It just ended up
happening that way.
Sure, sure, sure.
Well, you get pulled in
and you kind of can't leave
for that scene.
It's not,
it's honestly not as titillating
as it sounds.
It's just,
it's just,
it's a scary rave, right?
It's nude people
wearing animal masks
and bathing in blood.
It's, you know.
And you can see it
not only in the room
but you can also see it
through a mirror
in another room
which is kind of fun.
But it was one of those
things too
where when I was watching
I was like,
oh, this must have been
so shocking
like 11 years ago.
Oh yeah.
It's all anyone talks about.
It's just one,
it's just one of those things
where like now
it just doesn't,
you know what I mean?
Like,
and I imagine
if you came from like,
I don't know,
maybe you're from fucking Tulsa
and you came out
to watch Sleep No More
this would probably
still blow your fucking mind
but it does Sylvester Stallone,
Mr. Tulsa King himself
and I'm gonna go
see Sleep No More.
They was all naked
and they was bathing
in blood and shit.
Girl went behind the counter
kept being thrown around.
Well, we'll talk about this
a little bit more later too
how like some pieces of this
are starting to feel
a little bit,
I don't know,
ossified as is oftentimes
the case when something
has been running
for quite a while.
But what did grab me
was directly after
said blood orgy,
one of the dancers
had this big,
really,
really fucking impressive
choreographed thing
like by a,
there was like this bar
and she kept on like
dying behind the bar
and back on it
and back and forth
to the point of like
time dilation,
right?
It seemed like she was
being pulled backwards
and forwards through time
by Hecate
who was standing there
with her big old red dress.
A little bit
Queen of the Night vibe
is what she gives me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yes.
Immersive also produced
Queen of the Night
a few years later.
A immersive dining experience
based on the magic flute.
On the wiki for Sleep No More,
the witch that you're talking about
who does that dance
is referred to as sexy witch.
She is no longer referred to
internally as the sexy witch.
She is curse witch now,
but yes.
Curse witch.
Yeah, well,
mostly because like
everyone in this show
is attracted.
Yeah, these are the hottest people
in New York.
They're all dancers
and they're all dancing.
They have to run up and down stairs
for three hours.
Yeah, you have the bald witch,
the sexy witch,
and the male witch.
Although the male witch
is always presented,
I think,
in a very kind of
non-binary way.
The dancing in the show
is so physical.
Sometimes you have dances
that are in big open spaces,
but the way this show
was developed,
because you're like,
how do they have a script for this?
And the answer is
they really don't.
They have internal documents
and they have individual tracks,
but the show was not
designed by playwrights.
It was designed by the performers.
You know,
you have,
get this person to this room,
have this event happen.
Get this person to this room,
have this event happen.
If two people are meeting,
oh, what should we do?
Something should happen here.
And so they do
what is called
contact improv.
It's a form of dance
where you're like,
okay,
what are the things
I can do with this person's body
or with the physical space?
And so they have to cast
according to height as well,
because for some people
they wouldn't be tall enough
to do some of the routines
because they're stretching
their body
all the way across the space
to climb up walls and shit.
I understand like the,
how to build a show
through contact improv,
but like in order to run it,
in order to like teach
other people how to do it,
they did have to like
take that contact improv
and then actually put it down
into books
and into,
for like,
you know,
understudies to learn
and, you know,
new people to come in.
And all of those scripts
add up to about like
five to ten binders
of just-
It's like a video game script.
Yeah.
It's enormous.
And every single one-on-one,
which is another aspect
of this performance
of Sleep No More
is written down
and there are a lot of them
that people never see.
So to explain to people,
one-on-ones are a pretty
standard thing
in immersive shows.
Some shows are constructed
entirely out of them,
which I would not
recommend doing.
But,
so in comparison
to the way most of
Sleep No More works,
right,
you either have
the little cabaret bar
or you have Sleep No More
the experience
where you are free roaming
through a big place
with all these floors
and all these rooms.
You can go wherever you like
as long as there's not
someone blocking your way.
A one-on-one
is when a performer
takes an audience member,
often by the hand,
and takes them into a room
where it's only going to be
that performer
and that audience.
That is the one-on-one.
I used to do this
for Madness.
I had a one-on-one
where everyone else
would go into one room
and I'd take one person
off into a very,
very tiny little cell
and draw their blood
or whatever.
And the one-on-ones
is add to this mystique
of Sleep No More,
right?
The exclusivity.
If you do the right thing,
if you're in the right spot,
if you've elbowed
your way to the front
but you're also engaged
with that performer,
oh, you could unlock
this one-on-one.
Which is pretty crazy
considering you've got
like three,
four hundred people
in a given session
of Sleep No More.
This is where you get
a bunch of web forums
and blogs and everything
where this starts to become
like video games
or Disney adult shit.
It's very Disney adult.
Here's how you get
ahead of the line.
Here's where you do this.
To hack it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Be exactly here,
offer him the towel
and you will get
a one-on-one.
All the one-on-ones
are very different
and very character specific
and I think every character
has one except Macbeth.
I could be wrong about that
but the commonality
between all of them
is that when you go
into the one-on-one,
they will take off your mask.
Yeah.
Like you are wearing
this mask for the entire time
and it turns you
into kind of a ghost
and when you're watching
the scene with a whole bunch
of other people
in the masks,
it does look like
you are ghosts
and it does a great job
to delineate
because right,
your performers
are the ones
that are not wearing masks.
I think some of the mask
procedure changed
after the return,
after Broadway came back,
after COVID,
where they wouldn't
take those masks off anymore.
I don't know
if it's still that way
but it was that way
at the beginning of 2022.
I have not ever done
a one-on-one
and that kind of
doesn't matter to me.
I like the main show
well enough.
And the one-on-ones
are very cool
and there's some like
video game quest-y stuff
to them.
Yeah, there's a fetch quest.
The Hecany one in particular
is the one most people
unlock and like
know how to do
because there's also
secrets in the show
that I'm pretty sure
unless you know
somebody in the cast,
you're not going to be able
to do or know how to do.
That's okay.
There's lots of people
in the cast.
There's lots of people
in the cast.
There's lots of people
in the crew.
There are currently
right now
38 credited performers
at Sleep No More.
Right?
Because you cannot do
this show every single night.
No matter how 20-something
and sexy and strong you are,
you cannot do this show
that many nights a week.
Absolutely not.
It's like playing
Elphaba in Wicked.
You just can't sing that
every single performance.
It's going to hurt you.
Yeah, it will.
One of the big fun parts
about experiencing
Sleep No More
is actually going on
and seeing what you missed
on the forums and things.
It's the Dark Souls effect.
Yeah.
Well, it's like,
and I remember first hearing
about like the Hecate quest
where, you know,
if you do a certain number
of right things,
she's looking for her ring.
She gives you a note
to take to the porter.
If you take the note
to the porter,
he'll open up the note
and then he'll tear it up
and take you into a back room
and do this whole
one-on-one with you
and then give you a ring
to take back to her,
I believe,
and then that sort of
completes the quest
and you get a little note
that you can take to the bar
and get some free drinks.
Like you do get a reward for it
and a little charm or whatever.
Yeah, on that topic
of exclusivity, right,
in addition to the one-on-ones,
there are also just some scenes
that are in like smaller rooms
or can only be experienced
by a very limited number
of people at a time
and actually probably
the best scene
in the whole show
is one of those.
It's not a one-on-one,
it's a dance scene
and it's right after the dance,
which is sort of a combination
of the ball from Rebecca
mixed with like the dinner scene
in Macbeth
where Banquo's ghost shows up.
And also there's some stuff
going on with the witches
and they've added a bit
where Rebecca is getting poisoned
much like in the Hitchcock movie Notorious.
Once this ends,
people split off
and I guess I was,
yeah, I was following Banquo,
I was following the detective
and you end up in this speakeasy
that's all kind of,
the ground is lined with like mulch,
there's boxes and pallets everywhere
and these guys play a poker game
and most of this game
is designed as sort of
a holding pattern.
This entire show
has a single cue
for lights and sound
and then it plays it
all on a track
all the way to the end
like a Disney ride
except for some of the one-on-ones
which have individual
little tech bits in there.
There are so many speakers
in so many different places
so there are different sounds
and music cues
happening all over the place.
Generally speaking,
if you want to get to the action,
you just need to follow your ear
to wherever the sounds
or music are coming from
which can be in multiple places
at the same time.
Actors are then,
or dancers are then
cued on sounds
and sounds that you might
not even notice
while you're there
but they'll hear something,
give it an eight count
and go.
You'll hear a bang
and sometimes you'll be sitting
right next to the person
who did the pain
and it'll scare the ever-loving
shit out of you
because they just
kick a metal thing
that has to be heard
across five floors.
There's big sounds
like one of my favorites
is there's a bell
that gets rung
when Duncan is killed
and it's literally
a bell ringing
from an actor
in that room
but then it's a sound cue
on all the other floors.
You will hear the bell
no matter what.
There's like a thunder strike
that happens
and there are certain actions
that all coincide
with that thunder strike
things like that.
So they're just kind of
in a holding pattern
doing this poker scene.
It's very boring
and sometimes
if you're following a character
you'll kind of have
this alternating
like stick through
the boring one
because a good one's coming up
and I think some of it
is boring by design
because then your audience
is going to peel off
because when this scene ends
the detective
and the other guy
run off
into a very very small
long room
that only about
eight audience members
can stand in
because they have to stay
all on one side
of this room.
I got to see this
at the first loop
the first time I saw the show
and when I told my friend
who was working crew
that day
about it afterwards
she's like good
you saw the best scene.
This interrogation
goes on
between these two men
there's a chair in the room
and there is a hanging lamp
but it's hanging
really really low.
It's only like
three feet off the ground
four feet off the ground
and they take it
all the way to the edge
of the room
and they're swinging it
all the way across the room
and dodging it
while doing this
this contact dance
with each other
using the chair
using the walls
climbing on the walls.
It's magnificent.
They understand the appeal
of having these exclusive things
and they've benefited
so much from the internet
and from the fact
that people can tell each other
oh here's where you should go
and here's what you should do
to see this thing.
I saw that scene
during the second loop
but the first time
I followed the third guy
in that scene
who is not a part
of the interrogation
and he was darting
left and right
left and right
through all of these doors
and hallways
because they're trying
to lose you
is the thing too
as an audience member.
They don't want you
to be able to stay with them.
Yeah so I caught up to him
and it was just me
and I was out of breath
and I was like panting
and he looked at me
and he said
they know
and then he disappeared
into the wall
and I could not follow him
because there wasn't no door
and I was like
wait who's they?
And a lot of this show
is being like
what are you talking about?
Yeah yeah yeah.
For the one we saw on Wednesday
I actually went into
Malcolm's detective agency
and I found his little business card
and next to that business card
said plant the seed
and you'll know
who's friend or foe
and I was like
well I have no fucking idea
what that means.
And they don't give you
like a thing at the top
being like
hey take props
from where they are
and give them to other people.
Like there is no instruction
you are supposed to kind of
intuit this out
but it's sort of like
my argument
for when you're playing
a video game
in order to get certain trophies
or achievements
it's like
there's no way
you would know
to just do that organically.
Right?
It requires somebody
to have gone before you
and passed on that knowledge.
And that's the whole point.
I mean that's
exactly what they're going for.
They want repeat business.
They want people
talking about the show.
Exactly.
I also saw
the swinging lamp scene.
Oh great.
Very cool.
Very sexy.
Yeah.
The way that those guys
are you know
right up in each other's faces.
Here's the thing.
Dudes rock.
I was like
now kiss.
Just kiss.
Kiss.
So what's funny
is when I went and saw
Sleep No More
the first time
I never went up
to the fifth floor.
And then when I left
I was like
oh wait
there's like a whole hospital
somewhere.
There's like beds
and bathtubs
and stuff.
The way that
the lighting
complements the set
can't really be overstated
because the set design
is actually pretty minimal.
If you had all the lights on
it wouldn't look very good.
It would look nice.
I mean it would look
like a fun installation
but it wouldn't look
it's not all encompassing
like Disneyland.
Sure.
So some of the walls
have panels
you know
that are painted up
and things
and some walls
are just black curtains.
And so the very low light
helps maintain the illusion
that you're in
fully designed rooms
and when you're on
the fifth floor
and a little bit
on the fourth floor too
there are exterior spaces.
There's a cemetery
there's a forest
and I saw a really great bit
on the fifth floor
this time
because I just went
straight up to the fifth
and I was like
what's going to go on up here
and it's not a lot.
But you have these characters
who are kind of keeping
to their own little
pattern of things
and not interacting much
with the lower floors
and there's this great
linking image
of hanging
and at one point
one of the witches
writes backwards
on the wall
only the honest man
hangs
or something like that
or who hangs
only the honest man
whatever the fuck
that means
and they have
these dances
that are in this tree maze
where they're each
on either side
of the tree
one of them runs away
this nurse runs away
and is on the other
somehow just on the other side
of this totally locked gate
all of a sudden
she probably just runs
between two little trees
but it's like a perfectly
executed illusion
and then
she ends up
further and further away
from this other woman
until she climbs up
in this window space
presses her shoulder
against one side
presses her hand out
against the other side
and hangs her neck down
and lets the rest of her body
sort of swing limp
as though she has just
been hanged
this is really really clever
where you kind of
don't even realize
the image
until you're looking at it
for a couple of seconds
and again
this is like
middle of the show
this is her cycle
kind of is starting over
right after that
she has died
and she will come back to life
it's definitely a motif
that you see
in the movement
happening throughout the space
and in all the different loops
from a number
of different characters
I caught a hanging moment
Macbeth is in like
the ruins
or the cemetery
or whatever that is
the outside space
and he kind of
posts himself up
by his hands
on these two
like half walls
made of
decrepit bricks
and things
and just sort of
puts his chest up
to the ceiling
and he just kind of
hangs there
like in space
he's just floating
in midair
and then I realized
he was waiting
for a sound cue
because I heard
thunder or something
and he went
I was like aha
honestly if you're
going to go see
Sleep No More now
like right before
it closes right
the fifth floor
I think acts
as a very wonderful
sanctuary
it's very quiet
again because
there's not a lot
that happens up there
if you're getting
too overwhelmed
they tell you
to go back to the bar
but even that
can be a little bit
too overwhelming
it's just unpleasant
yeah there's so many
people because a lot
of people
that's the other thing
about Sleep No More
is that when I went
at the beginning
there was like
almost no one
in the bar
but now it's a lot
of tourists
who come thinking
it's one thing
realizing it's not
what they think it is
and then they just
go to the bar
and drink for the rest
of the show
like they don't
want to engage
with it in the same way
it's an awfully
lousy way to waste
180 bucks
yeah but for some
for some people
that's just like
nothing
that's like a cup
of coffee
you know so like
I mean why not
if it's not you know
to your liking
or whatever
which isn't
I mean this show
there's so much
interesting stuff
happening in it
and you know
it's a lot of people
wanting to engage
with it on a very
sort of bare bones
level
I read a lot
this time
I went up to the
fifth floor
and I just read
all the lore
you can read
the entire back
catalog of Lady
Macbeth's time
in the asylum
upstairs
you can read
about like
when people
were getting
medicine
a lot of these
written props
were designed
by interns
especially when
they were in
Boston
that wouldn't make sense
would you say
they were getting
paid
at all
and
for a number
of years
everyone loved
the written
stuff
but on one hand
you know
you're kind of
just free to take
stuff
there's a candy
shop
you can just
take candies
out of it
I got some
butterscotches
you know
so people do
take stuff
and for a long
time they didn't
restock at all
and for many
many years
it was just
kind of out
of paper props
and they've done
a little bit
better
when I went
there in 2017
it was actually
pretty full
there's less
I saw today
but yeah
I'm just remembering
something now
one of the most
entertaining things
I saw
was there was
a small group
of people
audience members
right
there was like
three four people
who just were
there
because there's
one of the
floors is sort
of like a city
scape
with different
storefronts
and you know
knickknacks
and they were
just role playing
being shopkeepers
and customers
in every single
one of those
storefronts
oh that's great
that's so cool
that's fun
like I'm glad
that they seem
to be having
a great time
those are people
who have been
to the show
like 15 times
oh no doubt
but it was so funny
I was like
wait is this part
of the show
it seems like
they're doing
oh no
they're just
they're just
having fun
pretending that
they're buying
candy at the
candy shop
well and it's
it's funny
the candy shop
is kind of
a main feature
whenever
Sleep No More
is like on TV
Gossip Girl
did a Sleep No More
episode very very
early into the run
the last season
of Broad City
did an episode
at Sleep No More
but there's no
talking
I know
they take
their masks
off
they're breaking
all of the rules
part of what made
those role players
so much fun to watch
of course is that
they were obeying
the rules
they were keeping
their masks on
and they were
completely silent
and so it was just
like pointing at one
of the little like
jars of candy
and the person behind
the counter being like
that is so fucking
good I love that
it was great
and that is such a
positive audience
interaction for a show
where for the most
part you're being
elbowed
and shoved
and stepped
off
and especially
because people
want those one-on-ones
especially since
we're approaching
the end
it's probably the
most hardcore
people coming in
some of the most
these are rich people
they're entitled
oh yeah
they deserve to be
in the front
and they're Disney
adults on top of that
yeah and so
spiritually I just saw
a Reddit post
last night
someone said
I think it's time
to say goodbye
and so this was a
regular this is someone
who's gone frequently
and he said
or they said
I don't know their gender
said tonight was my
last time going
I've never seen a
ruder more inconsiderate
group of people in my
life
remember this is a
Saturday night in the
last two months of the
show's run so this
makes sense to me
disrespectful to fellow
attendees but worse
disrespectful to the
performers following so
close as to run into
them grabbing their
hands to get a one-on-one
when the hand was meant
for somebody else
beating them over to
their marks and getting
in the way taking their
props as they used them
oh my god
that's this customer
that says I found
myself choosing who
to follow and who
not to based on a loop
I wanted to see but
whether or not I
recognized an asshole
tailing them sure I
mean I do that a lot
too if it's a big crowd
I'm like I'm gonna
follow somebody else
now but even trying to
exit nothing but
pushing and shoving
and impatience the show
was oversold and
attendees that know too
much about the show are
too willing to ruin
everyone else's
experience if it means
they get a shot at a
one-on-one so much
respect to the
production performers I'm
glad I got to see it
one more time after
tonight I have no
interest in going back
yeah this was not quite
our experience on
Wednesday but it was a
worse audience than I
experienced six years ago
the hard thing about is
that when there's this
many people right you
could be right behind
like the performer right
and then like three
people will move in
front of you from
another floor as you're
going up the stairs and
those people are very
slow and so what ends up
happening is you lose
the performer because
these people have cut in
front of you
a couple because the
staircase is narrow it's
just a normal staircase
that was used to go up
different floors of a
fucking warehouse there
were a couple times
where I was a few people
back in the line of
people going down the
stairs and someone had
peeled off and so we
were just following an
audience member at that
point they were no longer
following McDuff or whoever
it's my show now
I will say I am genuinely
surprised that more
people have not gotten
seriously fucking injured
audience members yeah I
know performers absolutely
yeah well to go back to
performers for a second
go back to styles of
performance I do want to
get because you are a
dancer Dara you are a
choreographer that's true
I wanted to ask you a
little bit more about the
other traditions of dance
because you once took me
to a but sheva show
which uses the the gaga
technique and I could
recognize bits of gaga
technique and some of these
dances where where one
character was in the
ballroom and he did this
dance where he'd sort of
jump and then he'd fall but
he didn't make a sound it
was all this very smooth
kind of squishy gooey
movement to it that that
just it it never begins
and it never ends somehow
this also happens at the
banquet there's no
beginning somehow to that
very slow movement could
you talk about that a
little bit yeah I'll see
you're doing you're doing
very well talking about
this dance technique I'm
very proud of you but yes
I do think I think you're
right on that there is
definitely a lot of gaga
inspired work um gaga is
just like a nonsense word
like that ohad naharin he's
just like it's I don't know
I have to name this
technique let's call it gaga
but yeah it's very based in
the traditions of like uh not
just improvisation and contact
improvisation where bodies are
literally coming into contact
that's exactly what it sounds
like but also release
techniques where you're
giving over your body to
gravity and then recovering it
which is of course a complete
departure from like ballet or
uh these maybe older
traditions where you're
constantly fighting against
gravity you never are letting
gravity win right right
never allowing yourself to
fall or to be truly off
balance or to really um be
pulled out of a space or out
of a lift or out of a jump
right by gravity and so it's
really interesting to watch
these incredible bodies use
this work so well and they do
it you know not only in their
own movement but in the
confines of the physical space
yeah so it's like their
bodies know so well like the
edge of the desk is here and
i know it like in in my
proprioception i don't even
have to turn and look and this
chair is here and this is here
and my body is exactly the
length to reach these two
things at the same time one of
the most startling and
impressive moments i found of
that was there's a scene where
lady mcbeth gets up on the edge
of a bathtub which has water in
it and at one point she it's in
the choreography that she slips
and falls in she falls into the
water oh my god the fact that
she had to do basically a high
wire act on the end of this tub and
that the slip and falls baked into
the choreography and she does that
without breaking her fucking neck i
was like that is amazing yeah and
it seems so simple right like that's
just kind of a nothing like oh yeah
people fall but when it's
choreographed and then done over and
over in a loop it's with real water
that can keep the water the water
gets poured and drained in a tub
that can break your fucking neck if
you're not careful there's a point
where uh i i don't know which
character it is i always i always
default to malcolm because for
whatever reason i always end up in
his loop every the two times i've
seen the show he moves around a lot
he moves around a lot more than a
lot of other characters yeah and
he's the connected he's one of the
connecting characters between
rebecca and mcbeth so i do think
he just has a lot to do but uh
there's a point where one of the
male actors it might be one of the
witches now that i think about it
the male witch uh has a dance with a
door he has a duet where he takes a
door off its frame and then climbs it
himself i think it's him and mrs
danvers and they're both like i almost
got hit by the door the first time i
saw the show oh shit oh damn
gotta be careful around that door one of
the black masks just physically touched
me and i turned around and i was like
there is a an entire fucking door
coming to me
it's a yeah that is such a great
piece the stewards in that show are
doing the lord's work to make sure
none of these very dumb audience
members ourselves included uh aren't
gonna die like absolutely at any given
moment and especially that the
performers won't yeah yeah so at the
banquet table they're playing with
that the non-linear time and yeah
time speeding up and slowing down
especially the banquet uh just for
context is the finale piece it's what
ends each loop and it's like everyone
is sitting at the table and moving
slowly and everyone kind of meets up
they start the loop again until the
very end when they they kill mcbeth and
they're kind of like moving through
these different emotions and you can
tell that they're telling like these
different stories there's a realization
there's a moment of anger there's lust
and all of these things are happening
the beautiful part about it and this
also kind of relates back to gaga
technique is something that ohad will
refer to as um hide the beginning so
this is really hard to describe um on
a podcast but it's kind of the idea
visual medium yes it's just sort of
like the notion that when you're about
to do a movement say you're about to
lift your arm don't like broadcast that
you're about to lift your arm and then
jump into the first movement and then
slow it down it's like you just want to
hide that anything is happening or
changing until you just it's like you
just sort of realize like how did that
person get on the table i didn't see
them climbing up there and like wait how
did they move now they're standing up
and it gives this very like dreamy almost
maybe you've been poisoned right like
maybe you're a ghost there's this kind
of floating quality that it gives and it
makes everything very like smooth and
homogenous and makes all of these
encounters in between the um performers
feel really uh unchoreographed yeah it's
like they just happen to turn and look
at each other at the same time or they
just happen to make this gesture where
they connect but you don't see their
intention yeah that's a big piece of the
banquet sequence too i was noticing that
where like all of a sudden gazes would
shift and it was like wait they're all
looking that way how did they all get
their focus to that place at the same
time i didn't really even notice like i
noticed that they were moving but i
didn't realize what was happening by
until they were already there yeah right
uh and this show has a lot of things
that like it's a very spoopy show but i
never i never felt like in danger like
it's not like a haunted house right when
you go in and there are scare actors
there's no one jumping at you there's
no one yelling at you right the only
danger is those other motherfuckers around
you trying to get there truly but it's
more unsettling than it is terrifying
yes yeah it's like you're just in a
house with some ghosts you're hanging
out with some ghosts and the ghosts are
pretty settled in what they are doing
they're clearly reacting to things that
we're not hearing or seeing or maybe
other people that had been there and now
aren't anymore that were happening when
they were alive quote quote i don't know
but there's certainly thing it makes you
feel like you're missing things yeah and
that's on purpose well we are the ghosts
right like we as the audience members
are ghosts and the things that are
communicated to us are only done so in
the way that we would normally like
communicate with ghosts right we'd only
like certain things would get through but
for the most part you're just hearing
people like mumbling and there's nothing
you can physically do to like stop
anything
no really yeah i it's the closest i've
ever felt to being a ghost so we've been
talking about the audience a little bit
here and there
uh now that we've sung the praises of
all the wonderful dancing and the
wonderful choreography and the
performers and everything let's talk
about some of the bad the audience
how is the audience conditioned to
behave
this is a big thing in immersive theater
it's a big thing in video games right
you know you have the tutorial that
tells you what buttons do in a video
game but you also are trying to teach
them what is the way that's going to
be the most fun right this is kind of
the big thing that from software is
known as doing it's like it's trying to
condition behavior in you uh you guys
all saw madness when i was in it this
this last year and there's a very long
section right you go to the bar where
you get exactly one drink and no more
with your ticket
and either christian or zach typically my
bosses behind the bar will do an entire
rundown in character with like tarot cards
or um rorschach tests and they tell you
what to do don't touch people don't break
shit you know here's what you do if you
need to get out here's how you yeah and
it's like because we don't want to spend
money on shit breaking we don't want our
performers getting hurt we're not paying
them enough to get them health care uh so
we want to make sure that they're okay and
also that the audience is okay so that
they're not going to try to sue us right
so how is the audience conditioned to
behave at sleep no more you get really
drunk
because you're you can't you don't have
to you can but but it's certainly not
discourage really and it's in fact very
encouraged right when we were walking
into the bar there was a performer there
who was telling us to go get a drink go
go ahead go you should order a drink now
because that's how they're going to make
their money that the four dollar coat
check the bartenders are also calling out
to you you know bartender that bartender
was also just one of the largest men i've
ever seen
um he was so big uh his shoulders were so
broad they're also very sexy and we've
mentioned this before right but these are
good-looking people who are being very
persuasive about getting you to drink
yeah more sex is baked into the
advertising there is something about it
it's all dark it's sultry some of the
other shows that they host in their
restaurant spaces are burlesque shows
randy weiner also co-founded the box for
what it's worth which is a a very big
burlesque house in new york one of the
only ones left so in the early days you
would be called into an elevator and uh
the porter would give you a speech of
just be bold right he was the phrase is
fortune favors the bold that's what they
used to say until uh early 2018 seems
kind of dangerous as an instruction yes
yes uh especially when you make an
audience anonymous yes when you give them
the mask and they transform into a
different person because that's what
happens when you put on a mask all the
sun your inhibitions that's what the
point of the mask anonymity is kind of
simultaneously empowering and
disempowering like it depends on the
person i think it does free you up to be
like yeah i'm gonna push that person
out of the way i don't know what their
fucking face looks like who cares and
they're not gonna know it was me is it
also does encourage you to play by the
rules of don't talk right it covers
your mouth but it's also an eyes wide
shut mask yeah and where do they wear
those masks at the big orgy right this
is playing into like this is a sexy
place full of sexy people having sexy
sex there there are reviews there was a
gawker review from very early on where
he talked about getting a one-on-one with
somebody who who touches him in the one-on-one
and then as a result that gawker reviewer
grabbed the guy's ass no a little
parentheses because i'm like that
disgust but there's no part of the show
up until that point that says you're not
supposed to do it it's just common human
do something yeah exactly okay yes yes
yes and no though right i mean i i i yes
of course it is but at the same time
yeah if you are touched and like if
nothing has been put up saying the rules
are such do not fucking touch the
performers it isn't explicit yeah and
without that lack of explicit instruction
it's just as easy to be like okay maybe i've
actually been given an explicit go ahead
yeah i don't think it's unreasonable to
read it that way maybe i'm in the show
now maybe i'm backus and i'm gonna get
in this this wad of jockstrap wearing
motors i'm supposed to okay that's a good
point right listen that's a good point
and again the thing about taking off the
mask when you go into the one-on-ones
before i i suppose they stopped doing
that was that they could identify what
happens in the one-on-ones and they knew
who it was they knew who you were and so
i think a lot of the idea behind taking
off the mask was also not just for like
the intimacy of it but also to be like
just a very practical now we if anything
happens we can identify the face of the
of the person and ask them to leave also
because this place is constructed like a
nightclub or speakeasy alcohol is inherent
to the whole concept oh i'm gonna go to
the show i'm gonna drink i'm gonna see the
show it's already at seven or eight at
night right if it's the weekend especially
you've been drinking somewhere else
probably and you're coming there right
you're drinking more you're gonna see a
show i'm gonna use this example uh darren
and i were in a show from uh michael
counts uh co-founder of gail gates at all
that wasn't just being brought up as an
academic fact no uh this show was i've
worked on several of his shows but yes
brian and i met on this one you did
another one of the shows that was
actually just in a bar and we we this was
an escape room this was an escape room
that i did before the the escape room i
just worked on called paradiso again
based on dante's inferno and our
ticketing system was they would get an
email that told them to go to a
karaoke bar 10 floors below where our
escape room was located we didn't
actually have a reception area we had a
fake reception area that was part of
the escape room yeah it was the first
room of the escape room and so we would
take people up from the fourth floor to
the 14th floor in the building and the
karaoke bar they were supposed to come
in and say we're here to meet mr chen
uh sometimes though that bar would not be
open it kept kind of inconsistent hours
and i'd be coming down and everyone would
just be like standing in a hallway and
be like hi uh and sign them up and i'd be
like are you here for mr chen and they'd
be like what because they didn't read the
email
because we were assuming that people
would read which is not a good assumption
you should never assume that people
will never assume that we learned and and
we ran the show it was an hour-long show
that we ran every half hour so i see
people progress through a couple of rooms
once they got halfway through we could
bring more people into the the fake
reception room yeah and if we ran behind
and we did that added time to have to get
in the elevator and go down and pick
people up and the longer they were at that
karaoke bar the more they drank sure so
anytime we did a night where we were
running behind schedule we had more and
more belligerent audience members yeah and
we didn't sell sex but we did sell like
sultry mystery and every immersive show
around us was selling sex every immersive
show was like that sure sure that at that
point in time the posters were all for
third rails grand paradise which was just
like here's pubes yeah look at everyone's
treasure trails treasure trails right we
call them that oh yeah didn't that one
that one had kind of like a boogie
nights vibe to it right yeah absolutely
you're in a hotel it's all one-on-ones
basically yeah i think immersive since
like 2019 or 2018 has kind of veered away
from that in part probably because of the
repeated problems with non-consensual
touching i imagine so of course in 2017
harvey weinstein was outed as a rapist
and as a result there were a lot of
articles especially articles focused on
the entertainment industry but also some
around like hotel industry and other
things that were highlighting employment
problems and sexual harassment and abuse
there was going to be one about broadway
rather infamously that the new york times
was working on that got spiked and i'm
not going to say it's because of the
founder of a certain theme park and that
company but it probably was and that's
right luna park
immersive theater had an article of its
own and not really about the industry on
the whole but just sleep no more and this
was written by amber jamieson over at
buzzfeed r.i.p. buzzfeed in february of
2018 and i mean it's it's pretty fucking
damning like i recommend that people just
read this article uh there's a lot of
because there are a lot of moments where
you are just like in a room especially
after the blood orgy you're in a little
bathroom with a fully naked dancer who is
showering the blood off and lying on the
floor and relying on you to hand him a
towel once he's done and there are stories
of people like trying to stick their
fingers in people's assholes grabbing
their breasts grabbing their asses like
even assaulting the black masks like people
who are guarding the way yeah one thing i
know from from talking to to people who
worked there is like yeah there are
regulars that you have to watch out for
because these are people with a lot of
money who are very entitled yeah took the
word out of my mouth sometimes they're
celebrities sure and they're kind of like
supervised at all times by black masks
because it's like oh yeah that's that guy
you get to a point where you start
recognizing people without knowing what
their face looks like well the weirdest
thing is that when they start talking to
immersive and they start you know talking
to the actual production company they
talk to a spokesman who refuses to be
named which is not normal behavior for a
spokesman i would think no no you're the
spokesman the whole point yeah you are
the name they also are in contact with
three lawyers over the course of it or at
least three people who claim to be
lawyers one of whom is a lawyer that
sends them an article with the statement
and two of whom also declined to be
named extremely normal definitely not
suss and a lot of what the the
performers are talking about the the
administration says well they didn't
file a report they could have they
didn't file a report oh my god and it's
because it was so regular and so
widespread for this audience behavior
that it was just like well why i mean it
happened to me four times a report
every night what do you write every
loop even now if an audience member
crossed the line and they were in
public the usual procedure for the
dancer was to remove their mask and
then the black mask would see that
they didn't have a mask and they would
take them out oh okay and that was
sort of the normal procedure not the
worst not the worst and especially
since like this is one of the first
businesses that's really going into
this kind of thing but also that's
where you talk to if you've ever talked
to people who work in haunts they've
all been punched in the face right
because they are scare actors oh my god
they get assaulted heavily i mean that
but that's in many cases that is just a
fight-or-flight reaction that is not
something exactly you are doing of
your own volition necessarily body
armor on on purpose right like they
know because the audience feels a
sense of danger they don't even
realize that they've done it when
they've done it a lot of time right
and like you said aj you didn't feel
that sense of danger with any of these
performers but if someone's going to
walk up to you and looks like they're
grabbing your face or something that
might be a little dangerous right so
you're not going to be inclined as a
performer to be like well this guy's a
real asshole i'm going to walk up to
him and touch his face yeah sure right
and i should i've been using male
pronouns a lot but it's not always men
at all there are a lot of no not
necessarily like of course it's mostly
men and but you know this is this is a
space that's at least advertising
itself is kind of empowering its
audience to break boundaries break
rules look over their own taboos and
then throws the hottest people in new
york without any clothes on at them
right and you don't necessarily need to
do a whole lot you have to have strict
enforcement you have to be very clear
this person is gone they're not coming
back and you have to make it clear to
them what the rules are right how
they're going to break the rules and
just what they did after 2018 was just
instead of saying fortune favors the
bold they replaced it with something
that's like a keep a respectful
distance from the performers and then
when they came back in 2022 they for a
while said keep a six foot distance
between yourself and performers so this
is a this is a very serious problem and i
i think the solutions were not very
solid they can change a lot about that
onboarding because it's genuinely an
unpleasant experience especially if
you're coming later yeah and you can
fill that space by talking to people
and talking to people can include the
rules yeah and should a big problem
that we had with paradiso was it was
too heightened from the beginning right
you'd show up as a mysterious guy in a
suit and have a clipboard and be like
oh are you here for mr chen or
fucking whatever yeah and bring them up
and and you'd give them instructions
and then the performer is he you know a
friend of mr chen and the performer
would also give instructions but we're
doing creepy lighting and sound cues the
whole time so you know it's part of the
bit and so the we'd have stuff break all
the time but we wouldn't have stuff break
if i was on the job and i would stand
outside the front of the door and just
be like hey guys not in character at all
in that case i think being in character
can work if people don't feel like you're
a character that's trying to trick them
but with that one because the whole air
around paradiso was mysterious and
paranoid i would just be like okay this
is a guy who works at an escape room now
uh if something's not going to move very
easily it's probably not supposed to move
or you'll find another way to do it
through a puzzle don't touch people uh
just don't touch people and certainly
like i would sometimes as i was a swing
in paradiso so i ran a number of tracks um
but when i was the receptionist it would
be sometimes part of my track to go down
and get the people from the bar well my
costume was also like a very tight knit
mini dress sure i walked up to people and
i'm like already in this kind of strange
character they're not listening to the
rules that i'm telling them and we figured
that out i mean it took us probably longer
than it should have but yeah you really
just had to level with folks be like no
this is here and we figured it out but our
bosses did not correct so it did not get
trained in the people that like replaced
us such is the case always right well and
the performers inside an immersive
experience are the ones who understand
how the rules should function and then
when things have to change like you just
can't know that from the outside and just
remember too this is just a lot of
alcohol there is a lot of alcohol
involved here i think when you are
encountering a body that is perhaps less
clothed or more on the central side of the
atmosphere and you're not viewing it from a
seat in a proscenium theater you kind of
get one of two reactions overall this is a
big generalization either they're the
people who are like cool this gives me
consent to also act in the same way that
these performers are acting and like get
up close to them flirt with them touch
them get in their way etc or you have the
people that are like so kind of affronted
by that that they they disconnect and they
can't they can't watch anymore they like
kind of have to turn away or they they move
out of the way i even noticed that
happening in the bedroom bathtub space at
the mckittrick lady mcbeth changes a great
deal she changes her clothes a whole bunch
of times and she does it just like very
nonchalantly because she's in her dressing
room and she's on her own yeah like
dramaturgically nobody's there we're
ghosts yeah right exactly and so she's
just changing her dress taking this off
doing this and that and either people
would feel like kind of empowered to move
in or they would like not know what to do
with themselves and move out of the way
in that moment and become very self
conscious and like oh my god boobs yeah
there's boobs here i knew there would be
boobs but there's boobs real close to me
to do with that anymore i do wonder about
the people who were dragged there that have
no nothing about the show and then are
suddenly like oh surprise boobs right i
didn't know that there was going to be
like and penis and butt and you know pull
out their penis yeah actually doing this
show now you might be asking okay well
you know there is a union right it's an
actors equity union why isn't this you
know helping set some of the negotiations
for dancers that's the thing though most
of the dancers in this show are union are
people who have worked on broadway and
therefore are part of actors equity yep
however uh sleep no more does not have a
non-union contract which it means that you
wouldn't be able to do it as a member of
the union it has a non-jurisdictional
contract which means that it's non-union
but you don't get in trouble exactly and this
is because dancers in venues that aren't
broadway or off broadway are absolutely not
working with actors equity a lot of the time
this started as a dance show yeah and are
completely unprotected is there a dancers
union at the very high level for like you
know the ballet and stuff like that no
there used to be but there hasn't been
since i probably i want to say like the
70s or something like that there is no like
concert dance union you can join like agma
you can be covered under sdc and like there
are ways for dancers to join unions but dance
shows by themselves are not are not really
under any kind of specific dance union
yeah which is definitely a problem it
operates in the same way that improv does
as well which is how you know i think a lot
of actors can sort of skirt equity rules and
do what would traditionally be non-union
shows as long as there is an element of
improv yeah and so what this has done is
it's set a a standard now for for immersive
right punch drunk and uh third rail the two
kind of big ones because third rail opened
then she fell the year after sleep no more
and it ran until covid they are dance
shows they are dance companies but a lot
of the immersive that has arisen paradiso
was not a dance show right that was an
escape room with actors with lines that
were written kind of on a script and a lot
of improv yeah right or less we were
scripted sometimes on toilet paper very
frantically actually though but there's
also a lot of improv and things like that
but it's just become a standard thing where
it's like yeah this is not i have worked on
many shows and i guess now worked on a show
where i am union i've worked with other
people who are in the union and they are not
union shows there is no health insurance
there is nothing of that sort and with stuff
like sleep no more especially people are
getting hurt a lot there are specifically
concussions are somewhat common especially
for like male witch i'm pretty sure because
he has to get stuffed in that little box at one
point yeah that makes sense that's not even
getting into the swing and the way the way
the time told to me through theatrical
rumor etc kind of industry stuff is that
they will pay for your medical bills if you
get a concussion which to me still seems
like that's a lot of expense you should
probably just insure your employees instead
of paying out of pocket like uninsured
rates for someone's medical bills each time
a concussion comes up which is not infrequent
right but but you got to think about the money
that is coming in from this yeah oh they must
be losing a lot of money it's a huge space
with a hundred thousand square feet in this
whole venue yeah and they're what they're just
doing four dollar coat checks and selling you
a beer that can't be pulling in the money right
right well and then you start looking into like
you know the caveats to that we have for
example uh multiple venues in addition to the
manderley bar you have gallo green and the
heath i think the heath is currently closed and
i would assume it won't open again if if the show
really is ending they've been very cagey about
that they're very cagey about all their finances
in general we're not entirely sure what their
original uh capitalization was uh it was anywhere
from 15 to 30 million dollars according to
forbes you know there are vip tickets there are
priority tickets there are key holders who get
advanced sales even they have always kept this
short advance window i bet all of those key
holders are really really good and normal toward
the performers yeah and i'm sure none of them
are into steampunk or wear trilbies so of course
punch drunk the creative power behind this they
have their own things they have their brand
activations their other international productions
they have sleep no more in shanghai at the
mckinnon hotel as they call it uh things like that
and they also have subsidized theater in england
ooh scary not so much these days yeah no however
council's losing a lot of money however what's going
on in new york is all this is immersive the business
is immersive and and all of this and so they have
these restaurants that they built out one of the
restaurants used to have actors in it for a couple
of months and they're like nah this isn't financially
feasible this also isn't like an interesting
storytelling thing they have the club car that's
another venue that they own and then once covid
hit and they closed down they received less than i
would have thought they received less than like the
place where i was working they got 300 000 a little
under that from the ppp loan service altogether all of
that forgiven uh under the shuttered venue operators grant
they got a million dollars and a million and four thousand
dollars what it's such a weird arbitrary number just looking
at it it's a million three thousand nine hundred and
twenty six dollars that is this is exactly what you deserve
so specific there are probably some other subsidies that
went to like restaurants and things like that that i'm not
aware of they also house other performances they have
brought shows from scotland they did the woman in black
they did they have these magic shows and burlesque shows that
are hosted in these places they used to do these big halloween
parties where they would move into the sleep no more space and
do a dante's inferno party for the entire month of october
so like the the crew staff would get paid quite well um working
on three hours of sleep no more all the time in preparation of
that and then all the way through like past midnight on the
halloween show they do new year's eve parties yeah they still had that this
year they still had they did do a final new year's eve uh dave
malloy's musical ghost quartet was started at the mckittrick oh yeah so
good i saw it people do weddings there aj's been to a wedding at the mckittrick i
did i did go to a wedding in the mckittrick and apparently the rumor
around the building is that that building is actually haunted like actually
legitimately there are ghosts warehouse ghosts um oh i'm the ghost of a
guy who packs boxes oh i'm wearing a track suit as i said before
randy weiner uh which he sure is jesus um talked about how yeah you got to have
friends in real estate and there's always been this question of like who
actually owns this uh and and the way people used to talk
about it's like oh yeah sleep no more like owns this venue immersive owns
this building but they don't do that not entirely
no well they don't at all but one of the producers of sleep no more in
conjunction with immersive and in conjunction with a million other
companies was in fact centaur properties which owns the building they were listed
as a producer they aren't anymore randy weiner is also not listed as a
producer anymore which seems weird for an original producer even if he's not
immersive anymore he was producing it at the start and it's kind of interesting
that his name's not on there anymore randy weiner at that panel someone did
lob him a very soft softball on sexual harassment in immersive theater it was
the year that it happened but it was like august or september or something and she
was being very clear that she just wanted to know kind of the practicalities or
like how do you deal with it and randy weiner started whining randly uh about uh
about like well you know there's just so much that it started turning into like a
discussion of costs and he's like well all the rent that we have to pay all the
rent um what does that have to do with you know the co-founder of immersive who
is still listed as a producer is also a real estate guy and from commercial
observer a business publication i found information that said that they went
through the trep database which collects data on like uh how much money how much
revenue things are pulling in and in 2017 the property was listed as as having
earned 4.9 million dollars in revenue with expenses of 1.3 million dollars sure that
sounds like a pretty fucking good margin to me and that's tremendous profit but that's
an insane but here's what i'll say that's not as good of profit as you could get with
other applications and i have commercial real estate in chelsea i mean yeah of course
probably not commercial probably residential oh sure that's that's what it's gonna be
luxury apartments baby and that's what's right across the street and i imagine that's what's
going to be going in here as well once they vacate right they're gonna get a rezoning
they're gonna turn it into apartments and they're either going to rent or sell those depending on
whether they want to make a lot of money quickly or a lot of money over a long period well and that's
another thing to bring up about it's a little out of the way uh and there aren't really restaurants
nearby there's kind of nothing nearby they have sort of an integrated system you could go get
dinner at one of their restaurants and then go to the bar and then go see the show and then go
back to the bar but what it is and this is an important distinction here again going back to
new york city real estate is it is seven blocks south of hudson yard yes which is a new development
also has no fucking restaurants that has nothing in it but is very no like nothing open after 5 p.m
it's a bizarre place that is nevertheless uh sort of a nexus of new real estate money on the west side
of manhattan and so i believe and again this is pure speculation yeah probably the shift that has
happened with hudson yards which again they just it's not even done yet but they finished some of
the buildings over the last few years it's like a real thing now yeah now that it's real now that
exists now that they have their own subway station i believe that this building is going to be able to
make much more money as residential than it would as a a immersive theatrical event space uh slash
restaurant and i think that's what's going to happen because again i said this at the beginning
the story of this stuff is always the story of real estate capital and what it wants to do with its
spaces there are never spaces that are safe for creation there cannot be spaces that are safe for
creation because the only purpose of these spaces is to basically fuel the fire that later on pays off
in the form of a larger exit yeah man that's ugly i hate that my theory is that it's not going to close
uh they've always had these really short advanced windows that never go beyond two months that's always
been part of their business model and now that they've already extended twice after being like oh we're
definitely closing in january like yeah this could last another five or ten years maybe not but
like it's very possible this this which was supposed to be kind of a eulogy for sleep no more is
going to be nothing of the sort uh we will see how it boils down uh in the couple months and the
audiences will only get better yes as time goes on they'll only get more normal so after this point
right immersive exploded third rail productions took a school in brooklyn and did then she fell
which ran for a very long time because it only sold 15 very expensive tickets each night 15 yeah
michael counts did play date uh with someone i know i was in that one i was also like a multi-track
performer in that show and there were boobs they were mine hey at the very start of the show right
that was the the beginning of it opened the show oh we love we love to be boobs at the top of the show
don't we folks i know right so then ours nova has produced a couple of big immersive shows the most
noteworthy of course being natasha pierre and the great comet of 1812 which eventually then went to
art and then to broadway then there was of course k-pop which came to broadway and broadway is back and
it closed very quickly and then there have been other expansions you know uh escape rooms kind of
came to the u.s in a big way in like 2013 and is expand that's expanded out since then the show that
i'm doing now is something of an escape room without the room and uh empire travel agency zero space which
was just a very confusing mess of a lot of big pretty installations and a bunch of actors just a
big art installation where all the actors did was one-on-ones even though we could have like a thousand
people in that space at any given time even even other broadway off-broadway things immersive itself
was involved with here lies love that's immersive the company that we've been mentioning up until now
like e-girls immersive immersive with an i theater is its own industry now it's not necessarily
community like the broadway league the finances are always going to be more mysterious uh especially
for the big shows for the small shows it's just uh tight margins tight margins but it's it's here to
stay right and the people who have made immersive were also some of the most adaptable to online to
streaming theater to things that that they had to do as mitigations during covid immersive theater one
of the big strengths that it has is that it's actually even though it's more complex in a lot of ways
it's a lot faster to put up than regular theater which shouldn't be the case at all but like sure
we know many talented playwrights who are in good standing have had a lot of readings of things or had
a tiny production somewhere but it's it's never quite gotten to a thing where people on stage and
they'll read the same fucking thing you know for eight years before it's actually on a stage with props
and everything but immersive theater can move so so fast i mean the thing is is that also you're doing
that eight years and you have to keep convincing people that you still want to work on it and that
there are things to change when pretty much everyone knows that like a play is usually done after a year
maybe a year and a half like all the extra time is just appeasing producers to make the play that they
want to see yeah or like to have feel like they've had some some sort of input so that they can claim
that it's their thing that they found and no i'm not a bitter playwright it's fine but there is a thing
about immersive where it still has that sort of let's put on a show like can do yeah you know
attitude which just isn't really the case also because because real estate is so much involved
you know and new real estate specifically that you're not dealing with like however many broadway
houses there are that are owned by like one huge cartels this is new money these are like guys who
are in many cases pivoting from tech and or finance yes and they're seeking to make a lot of money very
very quickly i mean to speak of real estate just using the shows that i have done and the shows that
dara has done the venues that they were done at was like a bar in the east village yep an office next to a
dental lab a karaoke bar a karaoke bar under a record store on on 54th street a former jazz club turned
private basketball court at the hotel pennsylvania what my last job was doors of divergence was just
in an old warehouse in brooklyn and my current job that will be opening next month is at caveat which
is just a venue that has all kinds of things you know stand-up comics live podcast recordings which
we did a live podcast recording at before hey i was there it was fun and in the intervening years
new york has been eclipsed by meow wolf which opened in santa fe has moved to has have new locations in
colorado and las vegas and is now also operating a lot of land in phoenix arizona because there's a lot
more space in the west and and right as sleep no more is closing a friend of mine uh who is working
on this new show with me went and saw sleep no more and it was like you know i'll get a last one in
what my friend said was like it's time it's creaky it's old we've outgrown it and that was my question
for the rest of you here is have we outgrown sleep no more after 5 000 performances it just crossed that
line this month what's interesting to me is that there were three versions of sleep no more that made
their way through the pipeline right there was that initial one which uh the director one of the co-directors
of punch trunk and sleep no more felix barrett uh described as like four people saw it it was a
one night only event uh and then they did the second version which was in boston which was the medium
version is what he is what he referred to it as and then uh he refers to the new york one as it became
itself right it's the large version it's been constantly upscaling as we go and when he was
interviewed about this for the build series in the aol building which i did not know still existed i don't
think it does anymore yeah this is back this is back in 2015 or uh around 2015 type in keywords sleep no more
he was asked you know what was his favorite version of it and he said uh and i quote my favorite is the
one we did in the year 2000 where only four people saw it and it was like the purest distillation
and we did it for one night only and it involved even though it was 10 miles inland we had to get
permission from the coast guard because we shot a marine flare into the sky and turned about yep and
turned about three square kilometers bright red to reveal a field of about 200 scarecrows but it was
the fact that no one saw it that was that makes me proud that's that's what i think is that sleep no more
has been ruined by capitalism it is a show where there are 400 people all vying to be those four
people who stood in a field looking out at 200 scarecrows it's the pressures to make it bigger
to make it to give it to more people at once so that it can be a sustainable business and make those
tech real estate guys their money back that i think has i don't know corrupted sort of the initial
impulse behind it and so i think we've moved beyond sleep no more because i want them to go back to
doing those weird shows for four people in a field with 200 fucking scarecrows but i guess it's hard
for me to hear something like that and not want to do the world's biggest jo motion you know about like
oh your art like i think that there is a tendency of creators to get really up their own asses about
sort of the purity of the vision or whatever the reality is producing anything that is a live
product is an inherently commercial affair you do have to make ends meet somehow and i don't think
that's a bad thing necessarily you know i don't think that something growing bigger is necessarily
a bad thing but i don't i don't think sleep no more as a performance was ever compromised by that
i think it is no i agree the vision that it wants to be although they do sell too many tickets in a night
and they sell too much alcohol and that's what i mean that's what i mean is that the pressures to do
that have created an audience that is hostile right to the work right right yeah because some
of it comes back to like trade we talked about this earlier too like training your audience balancing
your audience and being like okay this is what you're actually getting i think at this point sleep
no more has been seen by so many people and there's so much information about it available
before you even go see it that it it is kind of done like the the mystery of it has all been sort of
unraveled and revealed like it doesn't mean that that's the experience you're going to have when
you go and see it one time but everything about the show is now like visible in some way on the internet
through talking to people etc you can go many many times it's been open for over a decade
and so i wonder if the innovation of it has kind of reached its end yeah without taking it all apart
and like retelling the story in a different way i don't know that there's a way to pull that
audience beast back again because people expect to show up and like try to do the things that they
found or that somebody told them and they're gonna show up and have their four drinks in the bar because
they want to be part of the action and feel cool and feel like they did the sleep no more thing
and i don't know that there's a way back from that yeah i think that at a certain point
every show should end i don't think anything should be allowed to be this monolith that runs forever
because then it does just become like a machine of capitalism and not just in so much as like we have
to pay the bills and so tickets have to be this much and etc so we can take care of our actors who
i don't think that it is that anymore i think it's really just how much margin can we get how much can
we squeeze out of this wet towel and i i think it is at the end it's like we're completely separate
from the insane virtuosity of the performers and how beautiful it is and how well done it is i think
every show should end yeah and i think this may be at that time because now there's this audience beast
that in my opinion i don't think you can um pull that back anymore but there's one show that should
not end and that show is the worst of all possible worlds and it's thanks to your ongoing
contributions to our patreon that only one of our members gets concussions and it's not
it's not because of the show it's never a worksite injury and if you did the same topic every week week
over week over week then you should thankfully we don't we cover something different every week and
obviously as a patron you know that we do that true we appreciate your ongoing support it's thanks
to you that we can make shit like this happened if you've been enjoying what you've been listening to
head over to your favorite podcast platform such as spotify and or apple apple podcasts leave us a
review and or a rating let us know where you're at we love to hear from you and and dara you've got
some stuff going on uh tell us about what you're doing some stuff going on um so i have over my
years of my life um been mostly a performer like a dancer first and then an actor and then i got into
stage management like it kind of tripped and fell into it during paradiso which was fun you were very
good at it i got into production management and project management and all that stuff uh and now i'm
trying to produce for off broadway which is really cool and really hard i am producing this new musical
in a season of a lot of revivals i'm just gonna say there's not a lot of new works it's called here
i am not to be confused with sondheim's piece i know it closed it closed today you're in the clear
yes get out of here get out of here bobby cannavale in your tracksuit
he's not in it so you're gonna see something new yeah but are you gonna see tracksuits listen i don't
want to give everything away oh sure i can't tell you all the secrets but it is a new musical for the
modern era and it deals with social media in a kind of cool way it's a very zoomer musical and i say that
very i say that with with effusive praise i think it's a very interesting piece that has a lot of young
talent attached to it so go to here i am the musical.com and check us out because tickets are on sale and we're
opening at amt theater for previews on march 1st so it's coming up really fast dara i think made the
final note on this i think yes yeah there is something about the fact that the show has to end
at night it's got to stop at 10 p.m and a show also just has to end it matters that something has a
beginning a middle and an end and it can't just always be the middle forever and with that we'll let
you go this is the end for us i'm the worst of all possible bryans i'm mickey mouse god damn it
i'm the worst of all possible josh's he's the worst of all possible aj's i'll see you next week folks
bye see ya
