A
If you're hearing this, well done.
You found a way to connect to the internet.
Welcome to the QAA podcast.
Oh boy, it's going to be a bad one.
QAA podcast episode 302, springtime for QAnon.
As always, we are your host, Jake Rokitansky.
Julian Fields.
Cliff Aker.
And Travis View.
In the main cabin of the private jet, the men sit around a four-seat table overseen by a single menacing porthole,
black as soot, the unblinking eye of a long-dead god.
McDonald's food items are strewn across the lacquered wood table surface.
For our past and future president, a Filet-O-Fish, a Big Mac, large fries,
a bottle of what looks like a sick man's piss, but is probably Fanta Orange Zero.
For Elon Musk, the wealthiest man in the world, a quarter pounder, ten chicken nuggets, large fries.
Across the table from them, the president's son grins, holding up his french fries as if they were a prized toy.
Leaning over this imbecile seat like a porcine familiar is Mike Johnson,
Louisiana congressman, semen retention warrior, and speaker of the House.
The last man present is Robert Francis Kennedy Jr., the unwanted descendant of a political dynasty
marred in corruption, violence, and tragedy.
If Trump is the orange man, Kennedy is a reddish ochre, somewhere between a penny and a bottle of cognac.
In his hands, the freshly opened container of a quarter pounder.
He too ordered some nuggies and large fries, along with a classic Coke in a plastic bottle.
Of all the faces in the picture, RFK Jr.'s is the most sheepish.
The tableau of influential political figures is a grotesque,
where a century ago there would have been elegant paint strokes,
here there is only the low-light compression artifacts of a smartphone camera.
The men are flying back from the ultimate fighting championship in Madison Square Garden,
where they hung out with such luminaries as Kid Rock, Dana White, Vivek Ramaswamy,
and future director of national intelligence Tulsi Gabbard.
If you haven't listened to it yet, we have a great two-part episode about her
membership in a Hare Krishna-adjacent Hawaiian surfer cult,
and her links to Indian fascist groups.
She's not the only one in Trump's entourage who's earned a position in his cabinet.
Ramaswamy and Musk are heading something called the Department of Government Efficiency,
or DOGE, a play on a dog meme-turned-cryptocoin that Elon is known for shilling.
This presidential advisory commission may well end up being a two-person toddler pram shaped like a car.
They'll each get a little plastic driving wheel to make them feel like they're steering something.
Matt Gaetz is Trump's nominee for attorney general,
which might help him cover up his drug and sex orgies with minors,
just as long as he doesn't use Venmo to pay for them with his privacy settings set to public.
I was amused by this Elon Musk tweet about Gaetz.
Matt Gaetz has three critical assets that are needed for the AG role.
A big brain, a spine of steel, and an axe to grind.
He is the Judge Dredd America needs to clean up a corrupt system and put powerful bad actors in prison.
Gaetz will be our hammer of justice.
When I watch Judge Dredd, my takeaway is something like Matt Gaetz needs to be AG.
They have to be lying to themselves.
You can't look at Matt Gaetz and be like,
Judge Dredd, this is our Judge Dredd.
This is a serious man.
It's just, come on.
It's laughable.
I mean, a big brain, I think he's confusing that he has a big skull with a brain.
And a spine of steel, I don't know, man.
He seems like a slumpy rich kid to me.
Yeah, he seems like a little squealer, too.
I do believe he has an axe to grind because people are literally basically, you know, trying to condemn him for, you know, doing a variety of sex crimes.
What do you think, Travis, of this hammer of justice reference?
Isn't that the little QAnon coded?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm going to talk about this later.
But yeah, yeah, this idea that all of a sudden, you know, like Elon Musk keeps using these phrases like hammer of justice that, you know, at the very least express the same kind of like retribution sentiments as the QAnon community.
This tweet is also what Elon Musk was saying about like Jeffrey Epstein probably five years ago.
Yeah, I do wonder because I think Trump has now admitted that he might not get Gaetz through the Senate as a nominee.
And Gaetz has already quit Congress so that he isn't essentially, you know, under the ethics committee jurisdiction, which would force them to reveal the case against him.
And there's been a bunch of begging to like not show this to the public, you know, whatever this dossier is against him.
So if he doesn't get in through Trump and he also quit Congress, like this man just might end up a civilian with a massive sex crime dossier in like a few months.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But more likely if we're being realistic of a successful YouTube or Rumble channel.
Yes, exactly.
He'll be a book maybe.
It'll be fine, I'm sure.
Yeah.
If Charlie Kirk can do it.
Yeah.
Another guy with a massive dome.
Yeah.
It's like it means that it's maybe this is a time for guys with little pinhole eyes that are like recessed into their big heads.
Oh, yeah.
Awesome.
Continuing, our future defense secretary may well be Pete Hegseth, a veteran with a long history of defending torture and war crimes who's been a Fox News pundit since 2014.
He once served on like a platoon in Guantanamo Bay, which is very funny.
The idea of like, yeah, we're out there fighting guys who have hoods over their heads and are in handcuffs and we're waterboarding all day.
What a good fight we're living through.
But yeah, no, he's awful and has terrible opinions.
But Liv, as our resident grand strategy video game nerd, could you explain this Dos Volt tattoo?
Oh, that's that's real grim.
That yeah, this is like a guy who is at the level of like like theological understanding level of not knowing the difference between a Catholic and a Protestant.
Yeah, that's that is really unfortunate.
I guess I didn't realize this was going to be like a Hearts of Iron 4 roleplay presidency.
Although given that Elon Musk was posting hypervoria memes, which is a thing that came from a Hearts of Iron 4 mod, that is our future now.
It's people who like load up Mussolini in like a World War Two grand strategy simulator and are like, I'll do the invasion of Albania properly.
I mean, he has openly stated that he wants a holy war to be waged by the United States and wants like essentially a new crusade.
So I do think he is that kind of weird type of pill that would make you get a Dos Volt tattoo, which, by the way, has no real tangible history as like a symbol, except for among these weird grand strategy nerds.
Right.
Yeah, it's weird.
I think Dos Volt was used during the Crusades, was it not?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, recent fucking history.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Not like it's a political schism that no longer exists.
It's like, what do you want to invade Jerusalem?
I like is it?
It doesn't really.
Yeah, it's very confusing.
You see why like weird like LARPers who play Crusader Kings 3 love Daysfall because they're like, oh, we can replicate that political schism and like enforce Christian supremacy.
But it's like that's not really like I don't I don't really know what it means to signify other than being like a trad cat, I guess.
Well, he is also a Zionist.
So he probably just thinks of Israel as part of the coalition that gets to take Jerusalem.
Although including Jewish people in your crusade is a little bit ahistorical.
I don't know if God would have willed this one.
The God you're dreaming up here invoking from the Crusades would have willed this sort of geopolitical situation.
Bottom line, dumb as rocks.
Speaking of dumb as rocks, another recent appointee is Dr. Mehmet Oz, a scammy TV doctor with a long history of shady practices and kook beliefs.
For example, he promoted hydroxychloroquine repeatedly at the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic while owning stock in two different companies that manufacture and distribute the drug.
He is probably going to be the next administrator for the United States Centers of Medicare and Medicaid Services.
So very much like a TV cabinet that we're assembling here.
It is so interesting how like people talk about how in the Democratic Party you fail upward.
But like we're seeing levels of failing upward that have never been seen before.
Oh, yeah.
With this Republican cabinet.
I couldn't agree more.
Which brings us to Dr. Oz's future colleague, RFK Jr., who's been promised the role of Secretary of Health and Human Services.
His slogan, Make America Healthy Again, is a bit of a smokescreen for the many conspiritual beliefs he holds.
But look at him now, ritualistically humiliated by Trump, forced to eat nuggies and drink Coca-Cola in a giant chemtrail machine in the sky.
A one-time environmental activist cowed by a guy who wants to delete the EPA.
A passionate health nut eating seed-oiled fried fast food and drinking corn syrup.
And I know it's useless and trite to point out that guys like him are hypocrites.
But in this case, it's just so flagrant that I'm going to make a little exception.
Just a week ago, RFK Jr. was on a podcast saying about Trump Force One, quote,
Campaign food is always bad, but the food that goes onto that airplane is just poison.
Oh, that's awesome.
It's so much funnier that he does actually hate McDonald's so much and he's being forced to eat it.
I would love to have been a fly on the wall as he opened that Big Mac box and he's like,
Now, there's a third slice of bread that goes in the middle of the sandwich.
There's a third bun.
What is this?
Do you take it out?
Is it supposed to keep the patties separate?
Or do you eat that third bun alongside the sandwich?
I think you're basically a combination of Alex Jones and RFK Jr. there.
Well, I haven't heard RFK Jr. in a while.
And my throat's already pretty phlegmy.
So I think I'm maybe going a little bit too hard.
But I'm also mystified by the third bun, I will say.
Yeah.
Although it's fucked up because I saw that picture and I was like, that is my order.
That is what I get.
Whether it's a Big Mac or a Quarter Pounder, interchangeable.
Quarter Pounder, 10-piece nuggets, fries, and a Coke.
I will say that they clearly got to choose what they have because they all have different orders.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So he went for the 10 nuggets.
He went for the 10 nuggets.
On top of the Quarter Pounder and a classic Coke, which is, you know, against everything he believes.
I'll bet Trump was like, you got to try the nuggets.
Robert and Bobby, you got to try the nuggets.
If you're going to get the Quarter Pounder, you got to get nuggets.
The McNugget, it's been through a lot of changes.
It used to be made out of pink slime like Ghostbusters do under the city.
But now they're all white meat, real chicken, and you got to try them.
And you got to get sweet and sour sauce unless they forget it, which they usually do.
He did.
Actually, Musk has sweet and sour in barbecue, but Bobby seems to have no sauce, which is even more disturbing.
That is terrible.
How the fuck are you eating nuggets with no dipping sauce?
That's fucked up.
Yeah, and fries.
Because you know, and I mentioned this on Twitter, which is actually a joke that I stole from my wife.
That McDonald's, by the time it gets to that table on a plane, it's ice cold.
There's no way.
I could believe they'd have these little heating boxes that they transported in.
They probably do.
For the president of the United States, all McDonald's transported very warm.
I'm sure Trump is anal about that because it's like, what about the germs?
It needs to be held in a place.
The germs will not develop.
It would be funny if he was a super anal guy about the heat of his McDonald's because I'm not.
100%.
If I get McDonald's, I'm like, oh, these fries are fucking cold.
Can't put them in the microwave.
That ruins them.
You can try to do the oven, but then you're waiting for another 10 to 15 minutes while it heats up and you put it in and stuff.
I'm just going to eat the McDonald's cold.
In 2020, RFK Jr. reposted an article accusing the fast food industry of using Big Tobacco's playbook and calling for soda taxes and restrictions on junk food marketing to kids.
He called McDonald's ads racist and accused them of, quote, target marketing to black youth and other youth of color.
I honestly don't even disagree that much with Robert here, which is what makes his subservience to Trump even funnier.
The man has betrayed his entire belief system to ride the coattails of a walking piece of junk food.
Extremely cucked behavior.
This is the Kennedy dynasty.
It's a realization.
They're so cursed.
I don't know.
I don't know who did what really evil thing in like prohibition period in that family, but we're seeing the fruits of it right now.
They're calling it the magic nugget.
It managed to penetrate RFK's brain and then also a path through his liver and it also killed his driver.
There's plenty of other appointees like Doug Burgum and little Marco Rubio, none of which bode well for the next four years.
But we are not here to go through every single dumbass involved in what promises to be a smash and grab by the already disgustingly rich elites.
Plus, who knows how many of them will be yeeted by Trump in the first year of his second term.
I mean, some of them are not even going to have their appointment confirmed.
I mean, do you remember Bannon and Flynn being in government?
Yeah.
That was a very brief period in history.
Yeah.
No, we are here to enjoy another episode of the QAA podcast.
And boy, are we cooking with gas today.
First, I'll be uncovering the secret signals Trump is sending through his Filet-O-Fish.
Then...
