 Hello and welcome to Britainology, the podcast about Britain, how it got this way and why it is the way it is. I'm Milo Edward, someone who's lived in Britain my entire life, unfortunately, and I'm joined as ever by my co-host, Naperthay. Hello, yeah, I was just looking out the window and not a cloud in the sky, which is not a thing I think I ever said in December in London. I've got to be real with you. You're living that Alpen life now. You're in the muesli box. I'm not even that far up in the mountains, but yeah, it's just slightly different weather, I guess. So I, late of the United Kingdom for the better part of a decade, moved to Geneva, as listeners will know, because of my wife's work. And I now get to experience Britain and Britonology vicariously. So of course, we're going to talk about something that's like, of like, epical importance to people of a certain generation. And I am going to be like, yes, I vaguely know Simon Cowell. Is that the guy from the GIFs that everyone's always replying with? Is that what I think I'm seeing here? So yeah, I mean, Nate's bragging about his sunny weather in Geneva. It's pretty grey in London, but I can tell you somewhere where it's even more grey, which is Edinburgh, Scotland, where our guest Sam Lake is joining us from. Hello. Yay, me. Now I get to talk. Hello. It's lovely to have you. How are you doing? Oh, I'm doing so good. It's not actually too bad up here in Scotland, although because it is Scotland, if I look out into my garden, I can see JK Rowling's just taking a piss in my recycling bin. You know, we were up there for a show and in August, I remember I was walking down the street in Edinburgh. I was just like, it was after restaurant, having some wine, et cetera. We had a really late night performance. So it was like before that. The sun was still out because it was summer in Edinburgh. And I was like, you know, Scotland is actually really nice. It's really nice here. And then I just saw two 50-year-old men get into a fight in the middle of the street. And the guy just shove a guy with all his groceries just skittering all over the road. And I'm not going to attempt to do the accent, but like extremely like your Scottish nan yells, hey, that's not nice of you to one of them as if that's going to break up the fight. And then walking down the street right after a British Asian guy looks over at me and I'm expecting him to have like a London accent or English accent, incredibly strong Edinburgh accent. He's like, it's not even a good fight. And I was just like, you know what? I don't think I have it in me to really navigate this place. I don't really think I have it in me to survive in Edinburgh or Glasgow for that matter. I forgot about that night. It turns out we've met each other before. How fun. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, exactly. You were the guy waiting and he's like, oh, that looks like a foreigner gawking at a fight. I'm going to go. I'm going to knock him over and take, I don't know, Monzo card. You just got it. Monzo card. Yeah. That's the difference between Edinburgh and Glasgow. We use Monzo here. Yeah, I remember. I remember this is so not related to X Factor, but I can remember after the Glasgow show, going back to the hotel late at night and hearing some of the drunkest people I've ever encountered in my life, trying to sort of give verbal directions to describe the walking route to get to Taco Bell. But like screaming in the phone, you know, in incredibly strong Glaswegian accents. So yeah, it's all these things you just forget about, you know, instead I just, I get to regale from a distance. So we're here to talk about Taco Bell. Yeah, the square sausage and the little hard sell taco. Oh, that doesn't sound awful. I mean, I could be honest with you, though. They sell French tacos here, which are not tacos at all, but rather just. Pure Asian man. They've run out of hard sell tacos for the square sausage. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, Taco Graham Bell. What about that? Yeah, lovely. Yeah, there we go. Hello to our Scottish listeners. We're not here to continue this riff about the great nation of Scotland. What we're here to do is discuss the X Factor. That's right. We're getting into it. We're delving into the dark depths of Simon Cowell and all that he has wrought upon the British entertainment industry. This is an episode we've had cooking up for a while and it took just thinking of the right yes. And I can't believe it took me this long to think of Sam Lake, the epitome X Factor consultant. For listeners outside the UK who might not be aware, the X Factor is very similar to something like American Idol. It's like a big kind of talent show, TV show, basically for singers. And it's been on British TV. I mean, it's stopped running now. I think it's not run for the last six years, but it ran from 2004 to 2018. And it was it was massive. It gradually petered out over the years. But the extent to which I think for people like mine and Sam's age, it was like a cultural phenomenon, whether you were into it or not. Like I wasn't personally into it, but you were you were aware of it. It was it was around. Yes. And I know that Sam, the X Factor has a lot of formative memories for you. So many. It was I remember Pop Idol came first. That was the show that came before X Factor. And that had Gareth Gates and Will Young and Michelle McManus. We mustn't forget. Of course, we must. Who I now who I now work with on BBC Radio Scotland. But she. Yeah, it was it. I remember Pop Idol being like super popular. And then for some reason they said no more Pop Idol. We're going to do something completely different. We're going to do the X Factor instead. And all of the adverts for the X Factor said something like, oh, we've never had this many people audition. We had like a hundred thousand people audition queuing up outside the Excel center, waiting to sing for all of the producers. And I think the X Factor was really the show that brought in the idea of auditions where you just openly mock the person to their face. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because that was so much of the show was like the audition stage and like the insane auditions that people would do. And they would because it's basically I mean, I did a little bit of background on this. But I mean, this stuff is kind of obvious if you know anything about how TV works. But essentially people were queuing up to audition and they weren't auditioning initially for the for the judges or being filmed. They were going through a couple of layers of auditions with like producers and people who worked on the show. And then they would decide who they were going to send in through to the judges. And so therefore, when you're watching these scenes of like the judges auditioning people for the cameras, you know that all of these people have been pre vetted by like a couple of layers of producers. So the ones who are really bad, you know, they've been deliberately sent in there to be horrendously bad on TV and like humiliating fashion. But some of those are the most memorable auditions. Unfortunately, yes. I mean, I've logged on to this call under the name Holly Jervis, which if you don't. I think that might be too niche of a reference for me. No, I mean, well, then stop listening. Stop listening to this podcast. Not good enough for you. Um, she was an example of someone who really thought she was going to do well. And the producers probably told her that. And then once she got in front of the judges, she realizes, oh, I've been stitched up here. But she does quite an iconic speech where she's just like, I aspire to be me. I'm Holly Jervis. And this is my stage. I've been doing this for years, doing jobs I don't want to do. And then just very and then just very humbly going like, shall I take my specs off? Um, so it's all very good. There was there was one woman who sticks out in my head. She came to the audition dressed head to toe in leather with like a little leather beret on as well. And then they go, what do you do for a living? And she goes, I'm an apprentice jockey. And then and then Louis Walsh goes, do you mean like a like a disc jockey, like a DJ? And she goes like, no, for like horses. And then it's just a minute of Louis Walsh and Sharon Osbourne trying not to laugh in this woman's face until Louis Walsh eventually goes, I'm sorry. I just can't picture you on a horse. He is jockey sized, that man, to be fair. He is the size of a jockey. Yes. He's where I'd go to if I was like, could you could you eyeball if someone has jockey potential? These prospective jockeys for me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was. And, you know, this was back in like 2004, 2005. So you didn't know that like these people had feelings yet. So you could just laugh at them all you liked and not feel bad about it. And then sort of like in the last couple of years of the X Factor, there became a whole thing about like aftercare and making sure that people's mental health is OK and we're not exploiting them. And that's all well and good. It does unfortunately destroy the premise of the show. Yeah, yeah. Then the show did come to an end very shortly. Yeah, it really did. As soon as they introduced a mental health element, it's like, well, that's done. It's like when they got Clarkson off Top Gear. It's like actually without like an angry right wing man, the show isn't funny anymore. I realize now that I have seen bits and pieces of it because I while we were discussing this, I was like something in my mind is registering and I'm going to sound like a complete idiot if I start making references to like L.A. Reid and Paula Abdul. But I was like, no, that was season one of American X Factor. I do remember this. Yeah. But obviously we got it later. Like a lot of 2000s and 2010s reality TV, like either the wholesale concept or like the basic kind of vague idea started in the UK. And so I was like, yes. So I was not wrong. The Simon Cowell is the same guy. Reaction gifts that I often see. Paula Abdul reaction gifts. Real, real, real throwback for, for, for people of my age. But yeah, I can recall exactly what you're describing to that. Like the, the lines and lines of people outside the studio, sort of the like B-roll footage. And then, you know, people doing really embarrassing things and getting made fun of. And then, but then subsequently, some of them do make it to the judging part. And it's like, yeah, here is, it's like, what if you got on TV because you had a dream because we want to punish the idea of dreams? What if, what if deep down it's like, oh, you have a thing, a secret hobby, a secret interest? Guess what? Like, if anyone learns about it, this is what you're going to look like because you're bad at it. And you always will be. And there is something vaguely. This is bringing no your fucking place. Yeah. I mean, like without being too pat, like, yeah, I do feel so. There's an element of that. I mean, there are also people who like. Go back to the co-op, son. Launched their. You wouldn't audition for the X Factor as an apprentice jockey. There's an horse that needs mucking out. Why don't you see to it? What gets me about the idea of auditioning for that, just playing the role as an, is like sort of, so what you're saying is I'm going to, I'm going to ride a horse as my talent, but badly because I'm still learning how to do it. I'm going to ride a horse and fall. You say that though. And I know I'm not making this up. In the UK, we did have a reality TV show where it was celebrities learning how to do dressage. Ah, but yeah, we actually did. And it wasn't that long ago, was it? Uh, I'd say over a decade ago. God, was it that long ago? But I remember, I remember Sarah Cox fell off the horse and landed quite badly on a fence, but then she was okay. Yeah. It was all fine. Yeah. The RSPCA saying, please cancel this show because if people learn the truth about horses, they're not going to be able to save any horse in this country. No. And then who will audition for the X-Fix? Exactly. Well, we need the RSPC, the Royal Society for the Protection of Sarah Cox. She should never have been allowed on that horse. It was cruelty to Sarah Cox. She's not safe outside of her natural habitat on Radio 2. Look, we know Sarah Cox loves a sugar lump. That doesn't mean you can just use them to get her to do whatever you want to do. It's called drive time, not ride time. You know, she's in the studio. She's got a salt lick. She's happy in there. Well, I mean, we have to talk about the sort of the genesis of this and its success in the UK. But in order to make sure I wasn't wrong, I did pull up the Wikipedia article and then realize that because it's in alphabetical order, they have all the different localized versions. And the very first, the top one was X-Factor for Albania, Kosovo, North Macedonia. And I'm sure it's probably just your normal kind of variety show performance thing. But in my mind, I'm just like, well, it's on a network called TV Clan spelled with a K. I'm like, it could be a lot of things. Oh, dear. So don't worry. There's no there's no sectarian violence in that part of the world. It will be pretty funny because also actually a big thing that was always part of the X-Factor, I remember, was people coming on with a with like a sob story of some kind. And they would often be like so tenuous, like my nan died when I was 10 and she always loved my singing. And that's why I'm singing today. So, I mean, a Kosovar Albanian would have some great, you know, like. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Just. My whole family was killed by the Serbian army. Yeah. And that just really made me want to sing to Rude Sandstorm. And then I moved to the north of England for some reason. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. I was taken in by a Scouse family. They had that they had to throw the judges for a loop by having a Serbian horse dressage contestant. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's the one one thing that Serbians hate is going before a judge. Of course. Contestant killing themselves on stage. That would be. Yeah. There we go. Right. We've found we've found some juice. Found a little bit of juice there. Balkan X-Factor. We've talked about this before, about how like only fools and horses is popular all over Europe. But instead of it being like, you know, dubbed or subbed or whatever, instead it's more than it's redone, localized to the country. And so because the concept of shady guy with a van exists in Bulgaria. It exists in Ukraine. It exists in Greece, in Portugal. Anywhere you go, there's that guy. And so they had to make the show about that guy, because I guess if you show Peckham to Bulgarians, they're going to be like, they might take the wrong impression away from it. And I say this as someone who lived there for six years, not being a dickhead about it. Just imagine. No one would be like the Germans having Seinfeld canceled, like not being syndicated after less than a full season because they wanted Hogan's Heroes reruns. You can't show. This is true, by the way. They wanted they wanted an American show that basically every German is talks like this and is doing war crimes because Seinfeld was inscrutable to them. Right. But then we've done shows in Germany and now that actually makes sense to me. German Seinfeld. Imagine the Germans being like, why can't we have a funny Jewish sitcom? I don't understand. But yeah, so the X factor. Simon Cowell, as we touched on earlier, music executive, big in the UK. The man likes very high trousers. We're talking just just below the nipple line. And in 2004, he's like, Pop Idol is shit. People have had enough of Pete Waterman. They've had enough of Gareth Gates and Will Young, you know, singing it for the nation's hearts. What we want is a TV show where the judges are more involved in choosing the contestants because and he said now I'm sorry to have to bring this up in front of you in front of you, Sam. But he he and Pete Waterman actually agreed that Michelle McManus, who won the second series of Pop Idol, been unworthy to earn victory compared to others who participated. A pox on he and his family. I know. What a what an awful thing to say. I think it's because there's also as well as Pop Idol, there was Pop Stars where you got the band Hearsay and Girls Aloud. Girls Aloud. And of course, One True Voice and the Cheeky Girls. One, two, three. God, were the Cheeky Girls on that? The Cheeky Girls auditioned for Pop Stars The Rivals. And then because they were already famous at that point, right? They'd already auditioned for Pop Idol, but didn't get through. And then they came back for Pop Stars The Rivals. And then they brought out the single Touch My Bum Cheeky Cheeky. Yeah. And that that. Nate went wide eyed at that. Are you not familiar with the song Touch My Bum Cheeky Cheeky? It sounds like someone has done a really like over the top parody of what a hit single in Britain would be. It sounds like someone has tried to translate into English the Serbian version of Only Fools and Horses. But has missed a bunch of the context. When the American Milk Council, what's it called, tried to translate the Got Milk Camp campaign in China and didn't actually have anyone do research. And what they translated it was actually said, are you lactating? Touch my bum now, Cheeky Cheeky. Cheeky. So yeah, the Cheeky Girls, Nate, are Romanian. And they had a couple of like novelty pop hits in the UK. And then one of them went out with the Liberal Democrat MP, Lembert Opic. Which was fascinating. Yeah. Lembert Opic pulling a Cheeky Girl. I know. And they look exactly the same now, by the way. If you're wondering what they're up to, the Cheeky Girls, they are the spokespeople currently for Iron Brew, the popular Scottish beverage. Oh, that is interesting. I wonder why they went cheeky on that. Well, Iron Brew ads are quite cheeky. So I guess they got the Cheeky Girls. Okay, yeah. So you just see them dancing around a Scot mid, pointing to a can of Iron Brew, going, oh, Cheeky Cheeky. What is square sausage? I have never had this. Could you put it in a bag? Yeah. I just thought the Cheeky Girls in my head are kind of like Sonia from Alan Partridge. That's how I. Oh, yes. That's how I choose to remember. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But yeah, so they basically, you know, let's make the judges the star of the show. And I guess in a way, the judges are the most memorable element of X Factor. And it probably goes to show like the sort of the cultural predominance of the X Factor that even though you've got something like Girls Aloud, who obviously came from that earlier show, Pop Stars, The Rivals, they're kind of associated with the X Factor somehow. Like they sort of, they feel like they're entwined with that same like milieu. Whereas those shows like Pop, like Pop Idol and Pop Stars have been much more forgotten. They weren't as, they weren't as long live. And then of course, Cheryl, they're now, they're now listing Cheryl Cole as just Cheryl online. That's her new rebrand. Yeah. Too many last names. Yeah. She was kind of the front woman of Girls Aloud, if you like. And then she went on to be a judge on the X Factor. But she has had too many surnames over the course of her career and people have now given up. They have. We started as Cheryl Tweedy and then we were Cheryl Cole because she was married to the footballer, Ashley Cole. Yeah. Who sent all the horrifying baggy pants nudes. And then they got divorced and she married an American basketball player whose name was Fernandez Vecini, his surname. Yes, that's right. Yes. Cheryl Fernandez Vecini for one series. Yeah. I think he played for the San Antonio Spurs. I might be getting this wrong, but I have, this is like lodged in my head somewhere. Yeah. And then, yeah, they tried to make Cheryl Fernandez Vecini a thing. No one ever called her this. No, it was too long. The only guy who did call her that was the X Factor man who does all of the announcements. Like, Cheryl! That is the only guy who would say Fernandez Vecini. Because he had to. Yeah. I think that it, to be fair to Cheryl though, I do think that was the end of, that was the last sort of. Did she marry again? I don't recall a time where much to the chagrin of one of the cheeky girls, she went by Cheryl Opec. But I think that was her last one. But the thing is, Cheryl Cole, at least to me and many other people, will always be Cheryl Cole. Yeah. Because that was sort of her, that was peak Cheryl. I will always think of her as Cheryl Cole. That was at the height of her fame, at the height of her powers. It was the height of her powers, yes. Yeah. So yeah, we should probably talk a little bit about the judges. So obviously we've covered Cheryl Cole, a.k.a. Cheryl Fernandez Vecini, a.k.a. Cheryl Tweedie, a.k.a. Cheryl. We've got, we've also got, I mean, Simon Cowell is kind of probably the most, the most prominent judge on the show. He's, he was on for most of the seasons, but there were, there were gaps where he was off, you know, doing the show in America, doing other things. Classic music mogul guy. Square, square head, square haircut. He's got opinions. He's like the nasty one, you know, that's his, that's his energy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He was supposed to be the nasty one, but then the first series of The X Factor, he also got in Louis Walsh and Sharon Osbourne, who are also nasty, but just in a slightly different way. So you don't particularly notice. Sharon was a great judge, partially because you felt like she was more on the side of the contestants than the other two. And when she didn't agree with what Louis and Simon were saying, she would be the fastest to turn to violence. She'd pick up a glass of water and she'd throw it on Simon. And then if Louis started piping up, she'd like pick up another glass and like lob it at him. And then because she did that, they actually got quite a big problem where contestants who didn't get through would then like make an excuse to come back into the room being like, oh, I left my grandmother's ashes next to the thing. Can I just come back in and get them? And then they'd walk up to the desk and then they would just toss another glass of water on Louis. So he just, Louis spent a lot of the time on The X Factor just being waterboarded and he didn't even have any information to give anybody. Yeah, I don't think he has access to any information at all, Louis Walsh. I think it's a void in there. Yeah. And then it was those three for like three series and it was good TV. Sharon always took stuff a bit too personally and she never, in her original stint, she never won the show. It was always Louis or Simon who won. And then series four comes around and then they decide they're going to get rid of Louis and then they're going to bring in two new judges. One of whom is Brian Friedman, who nobody remembers because he was on the show for all of half an episode before they said, you know what? We actually need Louis Walsh back. Yeah, I don't remember Brian Friedman. He was, he was not there for a long time at all. He's like the Lady Jane Grey of The X Factor. Yeah, yeah. Brought on for 48 hours and then executed and forgotten about. And that's it. Well, because he used, I think he worked behind the scenes on The X Factor in some capacity. And they were like, maybe we could just bring you in, just bring you in for a judge's spot, even though nobody knows who you are and it wouldn't make any sense. But the other person they brought in was Danny Minogue. Of course. And then this led to. The most famous Minogue. When you're thinking Minogue, you're thinking Danny. You are thinking Danny Minogue. I mean, to be fair to her, she does have some bops. She does have some bops on her. I couldn't name you a Danny Minogue song. I mean, I'm sure I would know some if I heard them. Put a Needle On It. Put a Needle On It. That, what, her sort of her pro intravenous drugs track. Danny Minogue doing the most on the nose song about heroin since Golden Grail. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She was known for her very blunt lyrics. Yeah. It was, put a needle on it, I begin to remember or something. It actually might all just be about intravenous drug use. Why don't you put a needle on it? Find the vein in between me toes. It's funny if you do them all in the style. Do them all in the style of The Only Fools and Horses theme tune. And Danny coming on board was what led to Sharon eventually leaving because Sharon felt like, it's later revealed, not at the time that Danny comes on the show, that she actually had a bit of a sex thing with Simon Cowell. Oh. And that's how she ended up. I mean, obviously she works in music as well, so it's not like a totally confusing choice. But that's sort of how she found her way onto the panel. Sharon knew this and felt like she was being pushed out by like someone younger and better looking. There's quite a good clip of Sharon on the Graham Norton show absolutely slagging Danny Minogue off whilst they're in the middle of the series. So they still have like all of the live shows still to do. Okay, great. And Sharon, like during that series, also threatened to leave the show so many times. If one of her acts ended up in the bottom, which I think happened on the first week, both of her acts ended up in the bottom too. She just decided to walk off the stage and she was just like, I quit. I'm not doing it anymore. She did come back. High drama. It was very, Sharon and Louis were the ones most prone to just walking off. There was in Shane Ward's year, Louis, it was rumored Louis wasn't going to come back and that Simon would have to take over all of his acts. So they. He's not going to come back. He's gotten stuck in a little hole and he can't, he can't reach the top to climb out. Help, I thought I could ride this horse, but I can't get down. I'm stuck on the top of this horse. It's a terrible business. And then once Danny's gone, sorry, once Danny's on and Sharon's left, then you get into the Cheryl years, which are great. Everyone remembers where they were when Cheryl did her first solo single and performed on the X Factor. And she told everyone she was singing live. And that is honestly such a good bit. That's a really funny bit. And then obviously the next year she had the malaria scare. And she did. Yeah, but this is also a great moment. Nate had to go for a piss and then came back in on Cheryl Cole's malaria scare. So we were saying how when Cheryl Cole joined the X Factor, she did something like crazy every series. The first series, the first series she won with Alexandra Burke. She gets Beyonce to sing with Alexandra Burke, which is like still like a peak British talent show moment. Nobody can believe it happened. Louis Walsh is fuming because he's got JLS to sing with, I don't know, Westlife or something. And they were like, how could that not have won? We've got nine stools on the stage. They all stood up off their stools. And then the next series, Cheryl does her first solo single, Fight for This Love. It's at number one for like five weeks. She does a live performance of it on the show with like hundreds of backing dances. It is a really good performance. She then for the rest of her career faces questions that she's not actually singing live, which she probably isn't. Then the next series, she gets malaria on a holiday in Tanzania. And Cheryl Cole leading a very sort of heart of darkness existence in the mid 2000s. She does quite an emotional chat about it with Piers Morgan when he did like his Piers Morgan Life Stories series. And I just remember her just being like, I just remember laying in the hospital bed thinking, if this is my last moment, please just take us now. I just thought I just want this to be over. Please just kill us. She's still alive very much. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's absolutely fine. And then, and then the X-Fact. I'm going to meet Joe McEldry in heaven. He won't be able to go on without us. It was so sweet to meet that nice little boy who didn't know he was gay until I told him that he was. But I said, don't, don't be gay on TV because you'll get absolutely battered for shit. All right. Just like I batted that last in that nightclub. Don't talk about that though. All right. What's funny is they make anti-malarial drugs you can just take, you know, to prevent malaria. The problem is, is that they, they tend to make you slightly more prone to sunburn, which is the last thing a Brit on holiday in Tanzania needs. So, yeah. Yeah. And she said when she got malaria, she'd been out drinking the night before. So when she was at the X-Factor auditions, not feeling very well, she thought she was just hung over. And someone pointed out to her that if she had, she was drinking vodka, if she drunk gin and tonics, instead she might have been okay because the quinine in the tonic water would have. It does something. Yeah. Maybe it does something. Yeah. Yeah. And then, then obviously Cheryl and Simon go over to America to do the X-Factor USA. And this is when they can't understand what Cheryl Cole is saying, right? Cheryl Cole, what an interesting attempt to try and break America. And they really thought it might work because Cheryl has done a few singles with Will I Am, which she'd always talk about. Just, oh, he's my close personal friend, Will I Am. And he just heard my vocals and just thought, you should make a record. And so I did. And they thought that would be her big break into America if she became a judge on this show. Nobody could understand what she was saying. And she also decided to turn up with her hair three times the size of her head. She's got like a massive hairdo and no one can understand why. So then I think two days of auditions happen. They go, we can't understand what Cheryl's saying. We need to replace her. So they replace Cheryl with Nicole Scherzinger, who up until that point was the presenter of the show with Steve Jones off of T4. Absolutely baffling. Don't know how that happened. It's like when Cat Dealey hosted So You Think You Can Dance. And it's just like, sure, of course you have a fruitful career in America. Why wouldn't you? Everything about the Pussycat Dolls is baffling to me. The fact that Nicole Scherzinger at the supposed height of her pop star fame was doing all of these relatively low rent jobs, like TV presenter. But then also how the Pussycat Dolls have a caste system where there are some of them that are not really considered true Pussycat Dolls. And they just work them to the bone but don't really pay them anything. While the fat cats at the top of the Pussycat Dolls hierarchy sort of reap the rewards. Oh, yes. Well, the thing is, like, if you listen to any Pussycat Dolls song, it only sounds like Nicole. And there is a behind the music documentary where she reveals that she, like, basically records the entire album before any of the other members have heard it. And then they were supposed to, I mean, we're skipping ahead a bit. They do reunite on the X Factor Celebrity in 2019. So we'll put a bit in that. We'll come back to that. Bit of fan service there. Bit of fan service there. Did you come across the X Factor USA at all, Nate? Yeah, a little bit here and there. But it was, I mean, it was a thing that definitely was on TV. I didn't really watch reality TV so much. And when you think about the time when it was made, I'm looking at it to see, like, when the American thing started. But I want to say it was, like, it was later, I want to say it was probably 2011, I think, 2010, 2011, thereabouts. And so at that point, I definitely wasn't. I just, some things from, you know, pop culture and references and obviously the clips that get made into animated GIFs that people use as reactions on social media. I did see a lot of those. I was also laughing when you made the thing about Cheryl, people not being understander. And it's true because, quite frankly, the only time that Americans typically encounter a Geordi accent is, like, when someone's playing a dwarf or a hobbit in a fantasy movie. And so it's just not really a thing we're accustomed to. I tell you what, I love Alvider Zane Pet. I've been checking that out on BBC America. I also love the music of Chris Rea. Just trying to think. Especially the lyrics. Yeah, so what you're basically implying is that you're having, like, the coming to theaters this summer announcer dubbing over everything Cheryl was saying to make X Factor work that way. Every time she opens her mouth, it's like a 1960s movie where it's just so not corresponding with the person's lips moving. I thought to myself, just take us now. If it's our time, just take us now. Ooh, you're like my little brother. Yeah, Cheryl Cole does have an incredible accent. It's pretty good stuff. There was, because at that season where Joe McKeldry was on, who's also Geordi, who was the clearly, clearly gay teen to everyone but himself. So very kind of, like, sweet, like, innocent kind of energy. And Cheryl took a real shine to him. And there was this line which my mum used to repeat every time Cheryl Cole came up in conversation where she just went, Whoa, you're late, my little brother. And I do now, it's seared into my memory. Every time I think of Cheryl Cole or of Joe McKeldry, that is what comes into my head. Yeah, I always think of Cheryl Cole just trying to say vocals. Vocals? I thought your vocals were amazing, Pat. Absolutely. So she gets booted from X Factor and then you don't hear from Cheryl for a little bit. In the meantime, in the UK, we've replaced Cheryl and Simon with, we've still got Louis on the panel. We've replaced Simon with Gary Barlow. Gary Barlow. Gary Barlow. Do you know what? I thought that was absolutely fantastic. What a lovely performance. He was so... Hard man Barlow. Such a boring man, for the first series at least. Then you have Kelly Rowland, who I think... Could she handle this? Do you know what? I think she could handle it, but she didn't want to. I think she was like, I'm not entirely sure why I'm here. As an American, I feel like being brought onto the thin gruel of British television, if you're used to, the heady broth of the American entertainment industry, is probably not particularly fun. I... Well, I mean... She is sat next to Talisa from N-Dubs, which must be a huge moment for her. Of course. Probably a hero of hers. Which produces possibly one of the most iconic X-Factor moments of all time, between Gary Barlow and Talisa from N-Dubs. Oh, yes. Well, I can't... Now, I'm struggling to remember if that was when Kelly Rowland was there, or if it was Nicole Scherzinger, the series after. But... Oh, yeah. I'm not going to outdo you on that. I don't know. I think it's Nicole Scherzinger. Here's why I think it is, because I think I remember what the fight was about. There was a guy on Gary's team, the over-25s, because, of course, X-Factor was the only show where it wasn't illegal to be older than 25. It's so funny looking back on it now, because it's like boys, girls, groups, and the ancient, decrepit, the fucking, the old folks home, the over-25s. Imagine how disgusting. Thank God they're keeping their clothes on. Yeah. Fucking disgusting. Do you know what? I was thinking about, like, what an impact the X-Factor had on my life, and I do remember a time. Do you remember in the UK when we had the referendum on bringing in the alternative vote system? I do, yeah, 2010. So a friend of mine, because this happened when I was at uni, and we'd go around to each other's houses to watch X-Factor on the weekend, and one of my friends was like, oh, I'm probably going to vote against that, because, like, it doesn't make sense to me that the person with the most votes doesn't win. And I said, I do hear what you're saying, but when you think about it, you love the X-Factor, and the X-Factor's kind of like the alternative vote. And they were like, what are you saying? And I was like, well... There's a little Irishman. There's a little Irishman who tells you not to be gay unless it's in his dressing room. And you have everybody sing on the first live show. And if we did, like, first past the post, we'd just do one vote, and then whoever got the most votes on that night would just win the whole series and get the record deal. And that was the series that had One Direction, Matt Card or Rebecca Ferguson, Cher Lloyd. Cher Lloyd. Cher Lloyd of which one of you didn't flush the toilet after you had a shit? I was going to say, yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That one I recognised. Exactly. Not because I know Cher Lloyd, but because I recognised. Disgusting. That whole... Yeah. Disgusting. Cher Lloyd had raw confidence, because I tell you what, a lot of bands or singers, you know, they put out a self-titled album, but very few put out a self-titled first single. Yeah, isn't this just called I'm Cher Lloyd or something like that? Just Cher Lloyd? Because I remember the girls in the video sing Cher Lloyd by Cher Lloyd. I'm going to sing Cher Lloyd by Cher Lloyd. Yeah, exactly. She also had Swagger Jagger. I think that was her. Swagger Jagger was the first song, Swagger Jagger. Yeah. But if that series of The X Factor, you just did the one vote on the first night and that person was the winner, the person who would have beat One Direction, Matt Cardall, Rebecca Ferguson, Cher Lloyd would have been Tesco Mary. Tesco Mary? Do you remember Tesco Mary? I mean, I love Tesco Mary. I don't remember Tesco Mary. Tesco Mary sounds to me like the person at the center of some sort of epidemic disease, except that the epidemic disease is basically, I don't know, spreading the prevalence of that horrible sound that the self-checkout makes in Tesco. So, you know, it's just like... Oh, I think you meant like she like bit the head off and infected Colin the Caterpillar and now everyone is infected. Yeah, yeah. Colin the Caterpillar had foot and mouth. But she would have won on the first week because she got the most votes on the first show. And I was like, so did you want, do you want Tesco Mary to win? Because that would be fine. But then like you'd never have One Direction. You'd never have all of these other people. You get rid of one person every week and then everyone who voted for that person now gets to vote for somebody else and so on and so forth until you get a winner that everyone's happy with. Yeah, people can change their mind. I was only voting for Tesco Mary because I thought it was a derogatory term for people who were cottaging in supermarket car parks. I now realize it was referring to that weird lady and I will now change my vote to One Direction. Thank you. So that, yeah, so it was good, good representation for, I guess we're saying over 25 is the elderly. Yeah. But so the big altercation between Talisa and Gary Barlow, Gary has an act who's called Christopher something and he's in the over 25 section. He's quite sort of like a camp old fashioned cabaret singer. So he sings like a lot of 80s ballads and stuff. And his feedback every week was just like, you're just a bit too cheesy. Like if you could just do something like a bit more original than maybe people, maybe we'd be more like excited by you. Yeah. And this week he sang, oh, that song, I Just Died in Your Arms Tonight. And then Talisa turns to Gary and says like, I've said this so many times, Gary, I feel like you've got to take the criticism now. How many times are you just going to give him these old 80s songs that he's just going to absolutely butcher? It's not fair to him. And then Gary, instead of like saying like, hey, how dare you say that about him? He just goes like, I don't know if I can hear you over your fag ash breath. I don't know what's more offensive, your comments or your fag ash breath. And then Talisa tries to jive back by saying like, yeah, I can smell the red wine, Gary, but the damage has already been done. Like Gary just honestly serving a little bit of cunt. Yeah. You got to give it to him. He's a bit of a bitch, Gary Barlow. He is a bit of a bitch. Yeah. And yeah, that was and then they had to go and do like a bunch of chat shows, the four of them together to try and like prove that like, no, no, no, it's all fine backstage. Like we all get along just fine. I love Talisa's breath. It's just for the camera backstage. I can't get enough of her breath. I spend almost all of my time in my dressing room parked squarely in her larynx. Um, because also was this around the same time that Talisa had the cocaine scandal? Well, I mean, I remember the big scandal that she had was her was the sex tape leaking, which I think now we would probably say is actually more revenge porn than anything else. She was filmed. Yeah. Uh, uh, you know, uh, she was for like showing someone she, she let's, let's say she was a bit of a Tesco Mary. Yeah. Can we say that she's doing a bit of a Tesco Mary and, um, and, um, and like everyone was like making comment. Firstly, we're making comments about how it seemed like she wasn't very good at the, the fellage. Um, I know. And, and Talisa had to do like an apology tour. Like, I'm so sorry. Uh, I promise. Usually the only things in my mouth are cigarettes. Uh, that's the only time that there's ever been anything else in there. Um, I'm really sorry. Obviously I'm a huge piece of shit for, you know, uh, you know, doing any kind of sex anytime ever. Um, I'll just go back to, you know, making nice music with N dubs. That's, you know, very family friendly. Good family music with Dapper. Good family music. Yes, exactly. Faser had to cancel his range of tea towels and Christmas sweaters. It was, it was, it was a nightmare. Um, so yeah. So she had to do like an apology tour for like giving her blowjob basically. Basically for having sex and having somebody leak it. Like leak video. Yeah. Somebody else leaked it against her will. And, um, and then she had to apologize to everybody, which obviously now I think more people would be like, well, she should never have had to have done that. That seems like an absurd thing, doesn't it? Yeah. Yeah. It's very of its time, isn't it? I think that, that whole thing. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. Um, uh, Talisa, of course on the X factor did all right because she gave us little mix, which is probably one of the most successful acts from the X factor. Um, and then I want to say that around series 10, they decide to get rid of Talisa and then they bring Sharon Osbourne back. She wins with Sam Bailey, the prison officer. Um, and that was a series where that's the series where the judges like actually all quite liked each other because I think because they're all somewhat alcoholic, like they all like a drink. They would photograph stumbling out of clubs all of the time. Uh, even Gary Barlow and his red wine. And then I remember the next series. This was like a weird time. Um, they had someone come in from Finland who was already on X factor Finland. She tried to represent Eurovision and stuff. Her name was Sarah Alto. And she auditioned in Sharon's category, the over 25s. She didn't get through because she had the audacity to sing a song in French. And I think Nicole Scherzing has said to her, it's just like, well, if you want to appeal to the British public, you should sing a song in English. Am I right? And everyone's like cheering behind her. And then Sarah's just like, oh, okay. And then she, and then she's booted, but then she's brought back anyway. And then Sharon doesn't like her, but Sharon puts her through to the live shows anyway. And then every week where Sarah is coming up, it's very obvious. Sharon doesn't know her name. She can only remember that it's a woman from Finland. So she just constantly going. And now, um, it's, it's, oh, she's fabulous, darling. And she does. Oh, she's so good at songs. And you know who it is. It is. And then Louis will slip her a piece of paper and she'll go. Yes, it's, of course, it's the wonderful Sarah. Um, and it wasn't until Sarah, like, actually looked like she might win the series that Sharon learned her name. Um, Sharon Osbourne's got limited headspace to play with. Limited headspace. She's been dealing with Ozzy Osbourne for all of those years. But if you ever brought up Ozzy on the show, oh, that's a glass of water to the face. Oh, is it? Oh, okay. Yeah, you'd be damp. She'd do it on the live show. Sharon! She'd do it whenever she felt like it. Yeah. Yeah. Um, and then, and then towards the end of X Factor, you start, I'm just going to say it, you get some people who have no business judging anything. They bring back Cheryl for a bit, but they bring her back with Mel B. Mel B's just far too mean a person to be a judge. She's quite, she's quite harsh. Um, and then they also, for one series, bring in Rita Ora and Nick Grimshaw. How Nick Grimshaw is baffling. Nick, I don't understand his career at all. Cause I don't, I don't. I'm, I know. He's so, it's, it's, it's a lot of, I mean. Nick Grimshaw is a Radio 1 DJ for the benefit of the listener. Yeah. I definitely, I will fully admit that I, I have heard of Rita Ora. Obviously I know who Mel B is. Nick Grimshaw, I have never, never heard of. I keep it that way. Apparently, this is subject of one of the funniest bits of British media drama I've ever heard, which is that apparently Scott Mills, also former Radio 1 DJ, now Radio 2 DJ, claims that, um, uh, that he didn't get the Radio 1 breakfast slot because of homophobia, but they gave it to Nick Grimshaw, who is also gay. Yeah. And no one has ever quite worked out what Scott Mills meant by this. Well, I think Nick Grimshaw is a bit of a, uh, like when it comes to networking, he's a bit of a Tesco Mary. Oh, okay. If that makes sense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like he knows how to, yeah. Um, so, cause I think Nick Grimshaw's entire like career is based off the fact he knows a lot of famous people. Like he's friends with a lot of famous people. What he actually brings to the table, I'm not, and he's got that quick. Cheryl probably looked to him for inspiration when she came to America. Um, and then bafflingly, they bring in Robbie Williams as a judge and everyone's like, oh, okay, this might like reignite the X factor. This might, this might be what does it. People might like really get on board with this now because it's Robbie Williams. That's great. People will be turning on the rude box. Yes, they will. And they'll shake their rude box as well. And then Louis Tomlinson was also brought in and he spent the whole time that series acting like One Direction was not a thing that he'd never heard of One Direction. Occasionally he would say to some people just like, oh, I know what it was like to be in a band. I used to be in a band once. And then people would be like, you're in One Direction. I did never heard you do anything apart from One Direction. That is both globally mega famous and also the only reason anyone knows who you are. Yeah. And then, and then they're like, okay, we need a final judge and it should probably be a woman because we've got three men now. We need some balance. So they go, do you know what? Let's bring in Robbie Williams' wife, Ada. Oh no. Only connection to the music industry is that she is married to Robbie Williams, but she is a judge responsible for a group of people in this competition. And it makes no sense to anybody. Nobody understands why she's there. Nobody had heard of her before. And she doesn't bring anything new to the table. She's just Robbie Williams' wife. That is quite incredible. Yeah. Because also Robbie Williams' wife, I know, is particularly illiterate about the music industry because when she met Robbie Williams, she had no idea who he was. Didn't know. There's this amazing line in the Robbie Williams documentary where she goes, I meet this guy and it turns out he's a pop star in some other country. And it's like, he's a pop star in Britain, the second most famous country on earth. She's talking about it like he's like big in Japan or something. Like it's like some incredibly niche. And he could be big in Japan. We don't know. He might be. Robbie Williams was never popular in the United States in the same way as like, obviously not the way that take that or him as a solo artist were in Britain. But like he was at least known a little bit. Like they tried to, you know, the album that had angels and rock DJ and kids on it. Like they really promoted that a lot. The album was that the ego was landed the one before that. Also, similarly, there was like, like Robbie Williams wasn't an unknown quantity in America. He just was not particularly popular. There's this, there's this dark horse factor that happens with dropping, like, you know, when stars either are or not successful, you know, sort of transatlantically. And I think the one that always makes me laugh is that like, there will be, obviously, I talk a lot about the fact that one of the biggest bands when I was like a young, like preteen and teen was Bush who are British, but basically no one my age in Britain knows them unless they were into grunge and American music because they were only popular in America. Similarly, is the American band Fun Love and Criminals who are terrible and had like one minor radio hit. But like for a certain type of Gen X guy in Britain and particularly Ireland, they're like the biggest band in the universe to the point where like one of the band members moved to Britain to become like a, just a sort of professional celebrity because he's so well known. Political asylum in Britain. And it's just, it's just interesting to me that, yeah, in Robbie Williams' case, I feel like, I suppose it's possible, but like there are far more sort of like who has any idea who this person is, sort of British music celebrities in Britain versus, you know, who could, that an American could be like, like most of the names you guys have mentioned, quite frankly, for me. But Robbie Williams is like, it's like, I mean, one of the most. Olly Murs never broke America. One of the most famous, I mean, certainly like if you have any contact with stuff, you realize how like ubiquitous his stuff has been. Especially like if you were, you know, sort of like old enough to be conscious of pop culture in the early 2000s for sure. Yeah. And so I think this is probably something we should cover is kind of like, there's such an element of the X Factor where they've produced so many, both literal winners and losers in the sense of like the people who won the show versus the people who didn't win the show. And often, and also winners and losers in terms of people who it's helped their career and probably people who it's probably ruined their life. But there's this thing where so often the people who won the X Factor are like irrelevant and forgotten. Because like you do have some sort of big hitter or relatively big hitter winners, like you're kind of like your Alexandra Burks and your Leona Lewis's or whatever. But then you've also got like Steve Brookstein, now best known as an online conspiracy theorist, winner of the first season of the X Factor. He was actually recently beefing me on Twitter about something. I can't even remember what it was now. Yeah. Yeah. It was something about, I said something about Ukraine, I think. And then he was like, he was like going mental at me in the replies. Because he famously doesn't believe Ukraine is a real place. Yeah. And then I was like, aren't you the guy off X Factor? And then he started sending me these like articles from like the Grey Zone or something. And I was like, these sources are almost as obscure as your career since leaving the X Factor. But. Well, he did get a Christmas number one. Oh, yeah. Let's not take that away from him. And also on his time on the X Factor, he was sort of, it was more well known that Steve was the one that Sharon didn't like. And Sharon would just openly say to his face, like, I think you're a terrible person. I think if you win, like it would be a stain on British history. I know that like you seem all nice on stage, but then backstage, you're like a really terrible person. You don't believe Ukraine is real. And I think that's not on. We've talked about this before. Also, we did an episode about the Christmas number one as a phenomenon. And it can be such a strange assemblage of things. Because as I made the point to Milo when we did the episode, like the whiplash effect that the Christmas number one in 1980 is the St. Winifred School Choir singing. There's no one quite like grandma. And in 1981, it's Don't You Want Me by the Human League. And it's just like. Yeah. I was going to say most likely Christmas number one's on either side by Peter Files. Right. Not the Human League specifically. We're not making that allegation. You can make a lot of accusations about the Human League, particularly their career post that the album Dare. But you know what? I don't think there's ever been any allegations of that. No, no, no. Debuted at number one on the Pedo Hot 100. Britain's like, you know, at this point, we might as well just have the chart. We kind of need it. Would it be the Hot 100 in the Pedo market or the Hot 100 of Pedos? That is. I think it is more referencing like the. I think it has to be like the genre. Well, no. Gary Glitter. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Lost Profits. Yeah. You just find lots and lots of. I think it has to be. Yeah. It's got to be the. Pretty hard for Lost Profits to get a Christmas number one. Well, I mean, certainly now. But I mean, even back in the day, they didn't really have the vibe. No. But that's what we're. Sorry. I was going to say with the X Factor, like that that was like the thing that you got from doing the X Factor is if you won your winner single was almost bound to be the Christmas number one. And I think for five years in a row, anyone who won the X Factor then got the Christmas number one. And it was always with this like sort of epitomize the concept of like the winner's song, which has to be like one that's like a proper ballad. And it's really belted out. And it's usually some message of being like, this is my moment, a moment like this all this time. Oh, I can't remember. Bleeding Love. Well, Bleeding Love was Leona Lewis's first non X Factor. That was like her first proper single. I think Alexandra Burke did a cover of Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That rings a bell. Yeah. So it was all like sort of like really emotional. We had this conversation about this too, because I remember talking about the Christmas number one was that like I, I was pretty, I caught quite a few of the references and certainly like, you know, artists, even if I didn't know them, like I kind of recognized the sound when Milo asked me to listen to them. And then there came a point when I was like, I have no idea who any of these people are. And you're like, oh yeah, every single one of these people is an X Factor, former X Factor contestant winner. And it just, it really does kind of change the, the, the sort of dynamic of it. Cause yeah, like I realized from that, you know, it was like, like I think a year ago or so, like that was to me, I liked enough popular music, both in the U S and the UK that like, yeah, most of the stuff seemed kind of relevant, but like not realizing how much the X Factor just sort of now is embedded in kind of like the charts in, you know, the music industry to a point where, cause I'm trying to think of an equivalent thing, not just in the U S, but anywhere I can think of where like you suddenly, you have a thing that kind of forms on its own that then becomes just like hand in glove with everything else in the music industry, you know, like it does feel as though that's the case with, I mean, I certainly think if you look at, I mean, okay. Cause I'm going to confess my ignorance. One direction was a thing that came out of the X Factor. Am I correct in that? Yeah. They didn't win, right? But they were like runners up or something. No, they, they came third. Cher Lloyd came fourth. One direction came third. One place better than Cher Lloyd. What an acclaim. One place better. Yeah. Rebecca Ferguson came second and Matt Cardall came first. Oh yeah. But this is, this is kind of the phenomenon I'm talking about with someone like Matt Cardall is completely irrelevant to the global entertainment industry. Yeah. I, I, I want to say he's in like one of those sort of odd jukebox musicals where it's literally just like they take a decade of music and make a little musical out of it. Like that's what I call a musical. Yeah. Or like pop goes the eighties or. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're odd. Cause you get a lot of these like touring productions and that's always what they pop in. Well, I mean. Pantos as well. Yeah. I think, I think, I think I'm actually going to see a panto that Joe Pasquale is in with Ollie Horne. Who's a fan of Joe Pasquale. And I think Alexandra Burke is in it. I think I'm pretty sure it might be. Of course she is. It was definitely like another X Factor person if it wasn't her. So apologies to Alexandra Burke's people. If I know she does have stands out there. Um, the Alexandra stands different woman. Um, but, uh, yeah, that, I think that's a weird phenomenon because like that same year where Joe McKeldry won, uh, Ollie Murs was the runner up who has sort of as much of a joke as Ollie Murs is. He has gone on to be like a real British entertainment figure. Yeah. And he does like, you know, he does protect the great British public. If he's in a Primark and he thinks there's been a sudden terrorist attack, he will tweet about it with no informational context. Did you know this story, Nate, about Ollie Murs when he thought he was going to be gunned down on Oxford Street? I recall people talking about it. Yes. Yes. That's a, yeah. I, I, I have to ask this question. So to me, it feels like a lot of real, like there's, you know, various reality TV shows that were, I mean, in Britain where it seems like if you win or you do well enough that you have a path to being a sort of like you're there at hosted parties at nightclubs in Essex, kind of like professional celebrity on like a very like, you know, not international or national level circuit. But it feels like with X Factor, it's people are in, there are, there are routes where you kind of become sort of like established entertainer, even if you're not like a significant figure, but other people do wind up actually getting like, it does seem to make people's careers. And for some people. Yeah. Stacey Solomon is another one who's kind of got one of those mid-tier British TV. Little Mix is the only name that I recognized from the list when I went through it, to be honest with you. Like, and I, part of that is me being a bit of a... I'm not going to... One Direction, surely. One Direction, I know. Yeah. I didn't realize that. I would say I, I, I, because I was looking through the list of the winners basically. And of the winners, I, Little Mix was the only one that I, that I, that I recall ever hearing about. Whereas, yeah. And obviously like there's just a bunch of these things where some of that is just because of my age, because, you know, I, I'm 40, like when, when this was happening in America, for example, like I was, you know, the music I was listening to just was, it wasn't going to be, I was trying to avoid listening to like the American equivalent of Magic FM if I could. You know what I mean? But some of it also was... You weren't, you weren't massively into Kelly Clarkson. I know who she is, but yeah, I try to avoid it. And I would say is, is the same thing. It's like, it feels though that in Britain in particular, there's, there's no more pronounced effect to my eyes. I, I, it's more of a pipeline, I think. Um, because, and it's also because I think with British talent based reality shows, even if you don't do, um, even if you don't do well at the thing that you're supposedly being judged on. So in the X factor, it's singing, you can still get a good career off the back of it. If you are just like an engaging personality, like Rylan Clark comes from the X factor. Um, and he, and I don't even know if like the public even liked him because he was in the, the sing off like almost every other week and he couldn't sing nearly as well as anybody else. But I guess like people like needing like a sort of TV presentory type figure somewhere. They were just like, Oh, well, he's just done this. Let's put him on a few things. And then he built a career up from that, which has happened for a few people like Stacey Solomon or, um, I'm sure a couple of them are like loose women. Yeah. And I can't remember who. And also they appear on television. Um, you've got it, you've got it. I think if like you've got to be an Essex person to do well as a TV personality out of there, you've got like Rylan, Stacey Solomon, Olly Murs. It's like the X factor loves, loves to produce a well-known geezer. Yeah. They do like a geezer, don't they? Yes. It's interesting. I went through and looked at the winners, um, for the U S X factor. And as I understand it, uh, there, there were three seasons of it. And, uh, so it's Melanie Amaro, Tate Stevens, and then Alex and Sierra. And of the three, Alex and Sierra have more credits as professional songwriters than as, um, than as performers. They did have a platinum single, but like, if you look at this, that, that pair highest charting album was the U S on eighth on the U S chart, uh, and 11th on the Canadian charts. Tate Stevens was a country musician. I have heard of him, uh, didn't do super well. And he had one album that got to number four on the U S country charts and number 18 on the regular charts. And then you go back to Melanie Amaro. I think she did not particularly. So she had, uh, uh, looking at it, a single, um, that got to number eight on the U S dance chart. And then she had, um, I can't really see any charting stuff for albums at all. So, well, go ahead. Sorry. The prize on the X factor USA was, uh, really bigged up because in, on the X factor here, the prize was just like a recording contract with Simon Cowell with psycho records. Uh, and it was the same thing in America, but they made the value of the contract $5 million. So I, and I don't know how that works. I know it probably isn't the case that Melanie or any of those other people won $5 million. They got a contract that was worth that in some way. But I do also remember at least for the first series, um, one of the prizes was you got to sing in an advert that got played during the Superbowl. I think Melanie did a Pepsi commercial with Elton John. So much stuff for us. Like I swear to God, so many things in America is just sort of like, it's somehow both down market and also like the most like vulgar Marxist stereotype of America you could think of, but it's real. And no one sees any irony at all. They're just like, Oh no, that's normal. Right? Yeah. Like what better way to celebrate success? You get to sing about Pepsi at the Superbowl with, with Elton John and not even live on a commercial. Yeah, exactly. Uh huh. Yeah. It's a big deal for her. Yeah. And of course I will say, cause we didn't mention the X Factor USA, like you said, it did bring a lot of like reaction gifts and stuff. Uh, and there's a lot of iconic moments that come from it, but people sort of overlooked the fact that, um, Britney Spears was a judge on the X Factor for one series. And it was the series that Tate Stevens, it was the series that, um, it was the second one that Tate, Tate Stevens. What's his last name? Tate, Tate Stevens. It was between him and this like 12 year old girl who had, who could like sing any song. She had the most amazing voice and she was mentored by Britney Spears. And when she didn't win, one of the gifs is Britney Spears making a face. Like she cannot believe the result where it's literally her entire bottom lip has sort of gone into her mouth and she's like squinting and looking off to the side, just kind of like, and that gets used all of the time when people want to show that they don't understand a decision that's been made or something seems fishy. They use that reaction of Britney Spears. And I don't think they realize it comes from the X Factor. Simon Cowell making a kind of like surprise face. Uh, Paula Abdul clapping is another one. Uh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, well she loves the clap. She does love a clap. She doesn't clap quite as hard as the Duke of Kent, who I have to say has possibly one of the most iconic claps of all time. Um, he used to be the chairman of Wimbledon and he would always be there at the final clapping and the man claps from the shoulder. There's no elbow in it at all. It's like a, it's like a full on. Paula Abdul, when you think about her career, like this as an aside is very funny because she was relatively unknown. I think she did like bit parts and small things in films and saved up money to be able to record like a studio demo. And so she's done, like she had at one point in her career done the very, like having to grind to be seen by people in the industry. And so it's interesting, like that makes sense as a judge, I suppose. Um, you know, whereas what you've described, for example, the kind of round robin of judges in the UK, like it seems more like, yeah. Like the decision being made seems more about like, is this going to save the franchise? You know, not like there's like a higher purpose of X factor, but like it's more, to me, it's more interesting when you've got someone who's, who's commenting about it, like who has done it themselves or done the sort of vetting as like a producer, because like they do know how the stuff works and what's good, what's bad, what can be fixed, that kind of a thing. You know, so it's just like, um, but, but yeah, I was thinking about like what was popular and I'm probably the wrong person to ask, like what were popular reality TV shows? Because like, it's not as if reality TV isn't popular in America. It's just more that like, I think the shows that are huge are like the Bachelorette and the Bachelor and, you know, things along those lines. Well, it's a, it's a more like diverse marketplace, I think. Like, cause the thing is, I thought I wasn't an X factor fan, but it was inescapable. It was like, it was like constantly on TV. It was like, people were like talking about it all the time. It would be being talked about on other TV programs. Like people, they would talk about it on the fucking news, like, and they would have it like on, you know, like breakfast TV, like on the radio. Like honestly, it used to drive me insane as like, as like the kind of like, you know, 14 year old who thought he was like way too cool for this kind of thing. I used to like, you know, I would get, I would get really like furious about the constant X factor being rammed down. Yeah. It used to be the discussion, are you an X factor household or a Strictly household? Cause those were the two reality shows that were always up against each other every Saturday night. And Strictly for the longest time was the less popular one, but they were still both pretty big. Yeah. I mean, Strictly household is quite like asking, are you old as fuck? How many, how many like retired people are in your house? Do they want to watch Bruce Forsyth? You just, you just instigated a like Proustian reverie for me because I recall being at my friend's place, uh, in Carmel, Indiana, where I'm originally from and his extremely New Jersey Guido dad asking his little sister about the last episode of the season. I think it was season two of American Idol. Um, and it came down to, uh, Ruben Stuttard and Clay Aiken and except, except my friend's dad being a Guido and I forgive the language here said to his daughter, who won on that American Idol? Was it Queebo or the fat ass? And, uh, Queebo, which is kind of like a, uh, sounds like a, like a niche seventies Jersey homophobic slur, which is what it's intended to be. Cause he's talking about Clay Aiken. It's, it sounds like an AI powered children's toy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a hot Christmas toy this year. It's the Queebo. But then according to the, they've built sort of like a rotund gay Asimo and it's called the Queebo. My friend's mom was like talking to just like, don't talk to your daughter that way. And he's like, what? The guy's gay. What are you talking about? Like it's all that is real. So, but again, he, he wasn't gay at the time because people told him not to be. Uh, and also he had the misfortune of like accidentally seeing the presenters cards before they announced the result. So he like whispers into Ruben's ear. You can see it. He just goes like, I saw the card you've won. Congratulations. Not in a nasty way, not in like a, what a sad little life Jane way. He was genuinely like, I'm very happy for you. I know it's you. Ruben didn't know that obviously, but Clay knew like for a few minutes before it was announced that he hadn't won. Which is sad. Low production values on the American side. You know, we're just a low rent country. They only had, they only had Pepsi commercials in mind. They didn't think about what this could be. And so, yeah, I think we, we do, we do have to briefly touch on the sort of like the, the X factor resistance, the, the, I'm, the, I'm with her movement that was against the X factor. When in 2010, we had the, uh, the rage against the machine, the successful rage against the machine. Yeah. Uh, to make, uh, killing in the name, uh, the Christmas number one, instead of the X factor Christmas single thereby fucking over. Was it Joe McKeldry or Matt Card? It was little Joe McKeldry. There was little, there was shows just going like, no, you enjoy your Christmas number one pet, because that's all you're going to have. And then once the heat started down, you can just go back to Newcastle and suck off all of the huge cocks you want. Be an absolute Tisco Mary. Yeah. But instead they're like. It was like, yeah. And I remember people were like, I get it. It's more about like the X factor that it is about Joe. A few people were kind of like, oh, I just feel bad. He's just a wee fella from Newcastle who just likes to sing and that's it. Just let him have this Christmas number one. And then he'll like disappear into obscurity. And he's not gay. I suspect what people might be saying about him, you know. He's not gay. He's just sensitive. Like. Don't call him a little queer boy. That's not nice. He's not a robot. But I do remember that. And do you know what? I kind of want that energy back a little bit. Where was that energy for like the last four years when Lad Baby was getting the Christmas number one every year with like, I love sausage rolls. We built this city on sausage rolls. Yeah. All of those fucking. Because when it when the X factor was getting the Christmas number one every year, you kind of knew it was like it was a thing. It was in the zeitgeist. Whereas Lad Baby gets the Christmas number one. And I don't know anyone who's even listened to a Lad Baby song. But it's because it's for charity. I see. So the X factor winner single always used to the some of the proceeds used to go to charity. And I think it was help for heroes. And they would do like a charity single every year where all of the contestants like I remember the one with Alexandra Burke. And you had, you know, you had Alexandra Burke. You had Ruth Lorenzo. You had Owen Quigg. But nobody could pronounce his name properly because it was spelt Irish. So everyone would call him Eogun. Yeah, I am. I thought he was in one direction, which Annabelle screamed when I told her that and immediately texted her gayest friend. So just to dob me in for believing that Owen Quigg was in one direction. Hey, Quieber. If Help for Heroes received some of the proceeds, then maybe, you know, you'd like to think that they pushed Killing in the Name by Rage Against the Machine to honor Zach De La Roca's profoundly anti-militarist stance. But no, it was just doing some twee shit. That'll be it. Yeah, exactly. It was very twee. It's all very twee. But yeah, it's to do with charity because the Lad Baby singles, they all went to like food banks or something. Ah, okay. So they were unironically singing a song all about enjoying sausage rolls to raise money for people who cannot afford a sausage roll. There's a weird covenant in the Lad Baby proceedings that mean it all has to be spent on sausage rolls for the food banks. He's created a vicious cycle where he both wants to raise money for food banks but can't raise so much money that food banks are no longer an issue. They always have to. People need to be hungry in order for Lad Baby to thrive. Yeah, they need to lust for the sausage roll. We can't solve the problem. We just have to create this perfect entropy where enough Lad Baby input equals enough charity sausage roll output. But this is also another great thing about the X Factor is that because you occasionally would get a judge like a Nicole Scherzinger who's not from the UK and doesn't, it is completely like unaware of most British culture. Occasionally she would have to mentor someone who has like a quintessentially British job. Like one year she mentored someone who worked in Greggs. And so people were asking her like, Nicole, what do you think about Greggs? And she would sort of like wink and go like, oh yeah, honey, I get 50% off the sausage rolls now. And then you just be like, yeah, but you don't know any of the words that you just said, do you, Nicole? You've never been in a Greggs. There was one time where she did a shift working in Asda for one of her contestants and she'd like scan all of the items. She'd be like, oh my God, I just scanned it. And then it just told me on the thing, like how much it costs and how much we've got in stock. Oh my God, this is so much fun. Basically sort of like, you know, glamorizing low wage, high labor jobs. And that happened all of the time where they would get, it happened to Kelly Rowland. I'm trying to think who else. Yeah, she'd not recovered from being asked about foot and mouth the first time. And then she had to come back to the X Factor and do a shift in Asda. They've got to get those scientists in the map. Like bringing American celebrities over and forcing them to work shifts in Asda and Greggs. I mean, it's like you're going to create a whole generation of like really influential third world Maoists. Like it's just, I mean, I'm just laughing. I'm like, yeah, sure. You've had a sausage roll maybe as a novelty bit, but have you ever had the last cold steak bake when it's dumping rain outside and you forgot to bring an umbrella and you're like, I have to get back to the work that I'm doing. But you know what? Like I got to eat something too. So here it is, you know, and then you're like, also, let me just make sure that I don't get my phone stolen when I step out the store. That's when you've experienced it for real. You see, Nicole talks a good game, but I've had the last cold steak bake. I know what it's like when you're in gate set and all you got is to change in your pocket and you need something hot. That's actually what I'd call my little brother, Joe McEltrie. I'd call him my little cold steak bake. I was thinking about Joel Golby's comment about like understanding England is basically like it's 7am and there's like post club reveler, you know, kids, one girl who's been crying with streaky mascara, making her look like some kind of raccoon and they're all buying Greg's, but then one of them disappears to go fuck a guy in a phone box. And it's like, that is England. Like you, that's the kind of thing that's like, yeah, unfortunately Americans, I don't know. I sound like, I sound like, like the, the sort of, you know, like self-hating American, but it's just more like, we really don't have any concept of what actual life is like. In America, unless you've, you know, life is like in Britain, unless you've lived there. And I just feel like, yeah, the, the Greg's the baker having this, the idea that like it became a, an actual issue of, you know, that, that people were talking about on the news that people were weighing in, like, is, is Greg's too woke because they're selling a vegan sausage roll? And it's just like. Greg's has gone like. Yeah. By, um, by way of wrapping up, I have to throw in two of my favorite all time X factor personalities and it's not for their musical talent. Number one, the chicken shop man, the chicken, oh sorry, the chicken factory man. Chicken factory. Yeah. There was a guy who auditioned for the X factor and this was like early days. I feel like it was like season one or two and he was like a very odd looking man. He had a very odd demeanor. And then Simon Cowell said, what do you do for a living? And he said, I work in a chicken factory. And then Simon Cowell just went good. And, um, and then, and then he proceeded to sing the Bee Gees, but like in the full, like falsetto. Right. Yeah. Um, and it was, and they kept bringing him back. I remember he was like, he made a guest appearance on a subsequent season of the X factor. I was like, cause they would have like, you know, like actual pop stars that do interstitial bits kind of like a halftime show or whatever. Like, you know, pop stars over from the States promoting their single, they'd come on and do it. And the X factor. And then one time it was just the chicken factory man doing staying alive by the Bee Gees. Yeah. They loved, they would, they'd always bring back all of like the, this is probably an offensive term, but the nutters, they'd bring back all of the nutters for one big like group song. The people of nuts. They get to have the Christmas number two. That guy's going to sing a duet with Barry Gibbs, you know, and it's going to be, it's going to help some other veterans charity. It's going to help the pen farthing foundation to be like, can we find more room for dogs on these planes and leave as many Afghans behind as possible? That's what this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. And then the other one who always sticks in my mind is, is Wagner. Of course. Spelt Wagner, but very much not pronounced Wagner. Wagner. Wagner. It is Wagner. Yeah. Where was he from? I do not wish to guess in case it's offensive. Yeah. Cause he wasn't German. No, he wasn't. I, I, I want to say he might have been Brazilian. That, that would have been my guess as well. Um, I think he's Brazilian. When I meet Brazilians with the surname Wagner, I know that I'm, I'm in for some good shit. I'm in for some, don't ask any questions about what grandpa was doing. I'm on his website right now. Um, uh, I'm Wagner. I'm most known for my performances of She Bangs and Love Shack. Oh, yes. We're right. Uh, doesn't say where he's from. Famously, he was kicked out of the X Factor by Tesco Mary, who bested him in the sing-off. Um, and, uh, and I remember he got into trouble for a couple of things that happened on the show. One was that, uh, they do this a lot with sort of like the novelty acts. They just flood the stage with dancers and lots of like over the top stage production so that you don't notice how bad they are. And there would always be a moment in every one of his performances where one of the female dancers would just sort of like lay on top of him, arse up. And then he'd play their bum like a bongo or he'd give them a little pinch or a little squeeze. And then people started to go like, could he not do that every week? Like, it is just a little bit uncomfortable. Um, and they'd always go like, no, no, no, it's part of the choreography. Like, it's absolutely fine. And then I think one of the dancers was just like, yeah, some of it was part of the choreography. And then let's just say Wagner got a bit too carried away. And then that became like the start of his downfall. I was, I was wrong. I mean, once again, made a joke about someone being a German Brazilian and that implying something. But actually Wagner is his first name. His name is a, he is Brazilian and it's Wagner, a fuse, a Carrillo. Um, and he is, yes, he looks like South American Ron Jeremy. A Brazilian would never be weird about an ass. Come now. But he also had quite a big, there was a bit of an altercation between him and Cheryl because he said in an interview somewhere, Oh, Cheryl is just like some nobody who just got plucked out of a council estate and is now like a pop star or whatever. So she took him to task about it on the live show and like said right to his face, like, I'm not ashamed of coming from a council estate. I'm actually really proud of that pet. And then, and then Wagner just kept saying over and over again, I didn't know that man was a journalist. I didn't know he was a journalist. I thought I was just slagging you off to nobody. I don't know why you do things in the fucking favela. I'm just imagining though, that's like in the sort of save me around looking at the Wagner's results. It's like, what am I going to do? I'm going to sing Radiohead's Creep, famously a song that isn't annoying. Yeah. I'm going to sing Robert Palmer's Addicted to Love. Uh, cool. All right. I'm just imagining Addicted to Love in a Brazilian Portuguese accent. It's just. Yeah. And then with a bongo solo halfway through. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I have a Wagner story actually. Um, which is that when I was in first year at uni, there was one night where, um, all of my friends had gone out to this incredibly cheesy club in Cambridge called Cindy's, which was known for like things like playing. My heart will go on when the lights went on like very high, high cheese level club. Um, it was about two in the morning. I was up writing an essay and I get texts from people saying, uh, Wagner's playing in Cindy's and I'm reading this as Wagner. And I'm like, frankly, plausible that, that, that, that Cindy's would for some reason stick on the Valkyries or something. And then I see some like Snapchat videos and I'm like, oh no, Wagner from the X Factor is playing in Cindy's and there he is with his bongos. And like, this must've been like 2011. So clearly, you know, he did, he did have a career afterwards nightclub appearances. Yeah, he did. I'm just imagining. I, I, this is all like with no point of reference of what he actually sounds like him singing the B 52's love shack. And it's just like, well, look, I mean, get in my car. It's as big as a whale. Yeah. Brazilian by way of Transylvania. I tell you what, maybe you're bragging about how big your car is. Some things are more important than the wealth that you come from. You know what I'm trying to say, pal? Yeah. So very well, I see you think you're posh because you've got access to a shack. Okay, pet. Well, some of us. Don't get us started on Bolsonaro. He's got the novel coronavirus. He's bringing it into the studio. Um, yeah. I'm just doing Newcastle accent. Some of us don't have jukebox money, Wagner. All right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's on, he's on Cameo and you can, you can hire him and you can pay him extra to play the bongos on the Cameo. So if any hogs of the show want to get a message from Wagner to us. I, if we're talking like iconic auditions, we simply must talk about Rachel, who's, you've probably, even if you didn't know she was from the X Factor, you've heard this sound on TikTok where she walks into the room and they go like, what's your name? She goes, Rachel. And they go, and what did you do? And she's like, I'm a singer. I sing all around the towns and everything. And they go, okay. And, and who would you compare yourself to? She'd be like, Mariah, I can do, uh, Madonna. I can do, I could probably, I could probably do Danny as well. If I could probably do Danny. I'm better than Madonna. And then they go like, what do you, what would you score yourself out of on a scale from one to 10? How good a singer? She goes, 10. And they go like, all right, whenever you're ready, you can sing. And then, and then she looks at the boom mic above her and she just goes, well, can you give me the microphone, please? You're just holding it above my head. And then they, and then they go like, no, no, it will, it will pick you up. And she'd be like, and then the whole time she sings, she sings sugar wars. She's trying to like grab the microphone and pull it down to her face. And then she, and then she like storms off in a huff when they don't like pick her. But that one's viral on TikTok. I also almost accidentally did another quintessential X factor meme. Whenever you're ready. When Tracy Cohen walks into that room with Cheryl Cole, Feach, Will.I.Am. And then she goes like, I'm ready. And then Cheryl goes like, oh, you said that was some determination. And she goes, I'm ready. And then Cheryl goes, okay, then whenever you're ready. And then someone looped. I think Harry Hill looped it. So it was just over and over again. Whenever you're ready. I'm ready. Okay. Then whenever you're ready. I'm ready. Okay. Then whenever you're ready. Just over and over again. I could listen to it all day. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah. Oh, you said that was some determination. Is it? You said that was some determination. Oh, the hard and steel determination of someone who's come from a council estate. Not one of these high on the hog Brazilian bongo players. Who think they're better than simple folk like us. I'm not going to pick yours because Cher Lloyd is here. And she looks exactly like us if I was a little bit smaller. But I might be forced to put you back into the live shows by Simon. So you never know. That was also the year of Gamu. Gamugate. Gamugate. There was Gamu who was one of the first people to audition that series. And they like auto-tuned to audition for some reason, even though she didn't need it. She sounded perfectly good. And then everyone thought she would make it to the live shows. And then Cheryl didn't pick her. And then she had to do an apology to her being like, I'm sorry, I didn't know that everyone would love Gamu so much. I just, what can I say? And then I think Gamu recorded some Christian album. And then that was that. Oh. I was just, I was off put by the comments that Wagner had made. Just think if he was a little bit less focused on arse surgery, he could think a little bit more about, you know, people's personal qualities. If there's one thing that I like more than a good vocal, it's a lovely hefty set of bongos. My first contact with Brazilian music was DJ controller Suabunda. Oh, God. Now I have to tell Sam the story by way of wrapping up. I once read in early days, Twitter, I suppose, was read this article in the New Yorker about just like how insane it is in Brazil. Like the level of just sort of violence in places like Rio, like the journalist was visiting and like was in a cab that got carjacked in the middle of more or less touristy Rio. So it's just like that life in Brazil was just insane in the early 2010s. And I shared this article. It's like it's kind of crazy reading this. It's like the violence, like it's people assume it's concentrated in favelas and it is, but also it's everywhere else. And some guy had a Brazilian struggle rapper had set up a search alert for favela and then responded in Brazilian Portuguese with basically being like, check out this, you know, the authentic favela music. And it was a song by an artist called MC Cray. And the title was DJ Control a Suabunda, which means DJ controls her ass cheeks. And the music video was attached to it and it was a very literal interpretation of those lyrics, which I showed it to Milo. And like it's it's it's everything you possibly could imagine. Yeah, it's permanently damaged my brain. The DJ Control a Suabunda. Yeah, I mean, like and there's like electrodes on the ass. Also, when the crazy mad scientist turns the DJ mixer on and it animates her ass, it makes like a sort of comical sex noise. Like everything about it is just yeah, it's Brazil. Welcome to Brazil. Come to Brazil. The music video and like these girls are on top of this building shaking their ass and they're just like like a team of school kids in the background who aren't in the video just like playing a soccer game. It's like, oh, it's just an average day in Brazil. You know, you're at your school soccer match. There's just some girls up shaking their asses and a guy pushing DJ buttons on a fucking Akai thing that isn't connected to power. Like, yeah, you know, it's today. Honestly, when when I heard that song for the first time, I said to the malaria, please just fucking take us. Just take us now. DJ controller, so malaria and he's he's DJing and you're you know, your blood parasites are going to the beat. Right. Well, I think that about tears it for the X Factor. This is really comprehensive. Thank you so much, Sam, for for for sharing the subject matter expertise on this. I did not realize it went that it was this much of like like a universal cultural touchstone. I mean, I knew it was popular. Oh, wow. And we didn't even cover the X Factor celebrity. That's a whole other thing. Oh, God. Yeah, we've got it. We've got to get you back to the X Factor. To the X Factor celebrity. Doing like actual sociology stuff for us. You know what I mean? Like really getting into the weeds of it. Whereas for me, it's just more like, OK, well, I didn't know this existed. And and I can't return to that, you know, prelapsarian state. I just feel like everything you've learned about the X Factor has been against your will. And that does feel. Yeah, I mean, yeah, you're in paradise lost. But yeah, this has been a great episode. Sam, is there anything you would like to plug to the loyal hogs of this podcast? Yeah. Should I do it as Cheryl Cole or as myself? However you prefer, really. Do it as Cheryl Fernandez Vecini. OK. Hey, it's me, Cheryl Fernandez Vecini. And I'd just like to say, I'd really recommend listening to a podcast. It's called I've Had a Ros, Let's Talk About Feelings. It's hosted by this really lovely comedian called Sam Lake. He is a bit of a quable, but that reminds me of my little brother, Joe McEltree. Also, if you want to see him live, he's doing a very brief tour of his show Esmeralda next year, starting at Soho Theatre in London, January 13th to 15th. And tickets are available now, pet. Run, don't walk. It's all in that voice, too. I'd get to reach out to my friend and see how he was doing and be like, yeah, I kind of turned your dad into a bit. Your dad from 21 years ago, the stuff he said offhandedly is now people across the world know about it. That's right. And I was actually recently on Sam's pod. So check that out. Wonderful episode. We had a great chat about Destiny's Child foot and mouth. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And you did a very good impression of Frank Bruno. Well, thank you for saying so. It's not quite as good as your Cheryl, though. You've really dialed in the Cheryl. I don't even know Cheryl Cole, to be honest with you, but I'm impressed with the... Milo's reaction seemed to be giving the impression that he's like, wait, wait, is the video feed getting cut in? Is this actual Cheryl Cole taking to us right now? Yeah, she's been on the pod this whole time. Yeah. Her and Sam are close friends. Yeah. If you're listening to this, thank you very much for being a Patreon subscriber. You are the best. This is the $5 one. There will be a $10 one later in the month, which is TBC. We promise. But thank you so much. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Thank you, guys. And we'll speak to you very soon. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.