 Hello and welcome to Buntavista. This is a bonus episode. I am Ben and I'm here at a meeting of the shadowy group behind that Instagram ad about how cheating on your partner is a symptom of ADHD. We're hard at work coming up with the next viral post about dubious neurodivergent symptoms. With me is Theo, who's drafted a campaign around a key diagnostic of ADHD being if your hand is bigger than your face. Yeah. Check it out. You want to run through this one while we're here? Everybody? Like this? Just put your... Just so you can measure it by just holding it up. Do I have to hold it closer than that? Imagine how good it would be. It'll get closer than that. Like running around the room super fast. Boardroom table like full of people, hands in front of their faces. Slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap. I got all of you. Also, you have ADHD. Don Draper like pulling up the sheet of butcher's paper to reveal a hand over a face. This. But for all of you. It's so simple. And yet... And yet... Have you guys seen that? The post that I'm talking about? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. A hundred percent. A few times. In the wild. I've seen a bunch of them. Yeah. About basically, if you've got ADHD, everything is because of that. I've seen posts, but there's an ad. There's an ad, yeah. Which I don't quite know what the ad is out to gain. Also, so the ad, you'll know you've seen it if it's the one where it says that hypersexuality is not infidelity. That's the one. It's an ADHD response. And then response is spelled wrong? Response with two S's. Response with a C. With a C, S and a C. It's a second S. Yeah. Who's paying for this? Big ADHD. I think it's big ADHD. Big. Big neurodivergence. Yeah. Which you'll find in our Discord. I just, I tried, I did a little whip around on the internet before we started recording because there was a couple of minutes between when I posted the link and you guys all logged in. And I couldn't find anything. I couldn't find who's doing this or why. Or like to what, yeah, to what end? I guess I never clicked on it. Quee Bono is what I'm asking as well. Who is that guy? There's big money in ADHD diagnosis though. Oh, you reckon? Yeah, there's big money in that. It's the doctors. Yeah. Because they're funneling people like, you know what? I fucking love cheating on my wife. I've got to go spend $700 finding out whether I have ADHD. Yeah. And then going back to your wife with a note from your doctor. Yeah. Well, I got a theory. I got a theory, which is I went to the movies on Monday with my beautiful wife and we saw the substance. Five stars. But beforehand, we were sitting there in the cinema. And you know how sometimes they'll play the ads for just a local business before they get to the trailers? Oh, yeah. That's one of the great joys of going to the cinema. Howard Storage World. Things of that nature. Yes. Well, the cinema that I go to, it has a Ben and Jerry's embedded in the lobby, right? There's a Ben and Jerry's bunker in the lobby. And so when you go to the movies, they play a still frame of an ad for Ben and Jerry's that says, don't forget to buy an ice cream cake. As though that was going to be part of your trip to the movies and you were like, oh, fuck. I was going to get an ice cream cake? It's going to be like 60 bucks. How much is that going to cost to Ben and Jerry's? A Ben and Jerry's ice cream cake. When you look at how much like one of the small, I don't know, a pint or whatever of Ben and Jerry's ice cream costs. It's like $12. On sale, baby. Yeah. A cake. A cake is, I reckon a cake is going to be running you into the hundreds. Anyway, ad that is just that. There's like three little animated lines that are moving next to one of the cakes, you know, and that's the expense on the ad. There's a loop of music playing the whole time. And so this got me and Eleanor talking about like how cheap some forms of advertising are. You know, it reminded me of a certain billboard that a certain podcast took out. And I said, that process was mind blowing to me. Irrational fear? Depending on where you do it. Depending on where you do it, like putting up a billboard for six weeks or whatever is going to cost you like a couple hundred bucks. Not that much. We should get local cinema advertising. We should get downtown cinema ads. Is there a guy out there who's not that good at spelling, whose wife is very mad at him, and he has perhaps bought up a whole bunch of advertising. Yes. On shitty websites. Hoping that this is just going to start making its way into his wife's feed. Yeah. So she's like, hmm. Yeah. And he has set those brackets to like, I want to target people who are in Australia between the ages of zero and 100. All genders. All new genders. Every gender. Bang. Show everyone this ad. And his wife's going to see it and be like, huh. And he'll be like, that's crazy. This will make me rethink a few things. It's almost kind of like the plot of Phantom Thread. That it's about something making its way into your spouse's feed. I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it. I think that joke would have hit really hard if you guys had seen the movie. It's on my watch list. I'll revisit the joke. I was using a sort of semantic ambiguity around what those words could mean. Yeah. That's what I think is happening. The plot of Pontypool. Now I've seen Pontypool. Great picture. Well, we've all seen Pontypool. Everyone's seen Pontypool. Yeah. Shout out Stephen McCatty. Oh, we love a Stephen McCatty, don't we? And every now and then I confuse him for Lance Henriksen. And I'm like, oh. Oh, no. Stephen Hattie's got a much bigger hat. Stephen McCatty. I sometimes confuse him for Joe Turkle. Is that his name? Someone Turkle. I don't know any of these men are. He's in Blade Runner. Oh, yeah. No, I see it. Yeah, absolutely. The inventor from Blade Runner? Yeah, Tyrell. Tyrell. And he's also Lloyd the Bartender in The Shining. The Shining. Very different ages, though. Whereas I think that Stephen McCatty and Lance Henriksen are much more contemporaries. Yeah, but movies are different ages, too. So, you know. Huh? Yeah. Movies are forever. What? Movies are timeless. Yeah. Folks, this is the Bunta Vista Opinion of the Week. Movies are classic. Yes. Yeah. Oh, also with me is Andrew, who's been tinkering away at linking neurodivergence with a desire to annex Poland. What have you come up with so far? Well, I'm trying to find a way to do this that isn't really, like, violating any domestic or international laws about printing 8-speed or anything like that. There aren't any consequences for violating international law, I don't think. No, not anymore. No. You know who also had rejection-sensitive dysphoria? Yes, Lucy. Yes. What if the Vienna Art College had called him in? Do we have to- Is there someone madly typing up an email right now? Do we have to point out that all of our brains are fucked? Yeah, and we have, like, one and a half diagnoses between all four of us. Getting right out in front of that. I believe that ADHD is real. And also, anything that's ever said in a viral tweet about it, also real. Did you guys know that depression is actually associated with memory loss? No one ever talks about it. Do you guys know that smoking some weed and playing Modern Warfare 2 for a long time is actually a trauma response? Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. Also with me is Lucy, who's proposing something- I mean, this one's a bit of a stretch, but something along the lines of, IBS is a symptom of autism. Like, I kind of- I feel like I said this to you guys, and you were like- you thought I was like it. It's a joke. But absolutely- I didn't feel like Lucy- I thought it was deadly serious. I actually feel like Lucy expressed this to us in confidence, you know, like in a vulnerable place, in a private and safe space. Yeah, that's what makes it so funny. Everything said about a group chat is fair game for the podcast, I'm pretty sure. Our brains are complicated, you know? They make us have depression, and they also make us shit. Yep. Lucy, can I have your permission to just read the text of the screenshot that you sent us? Is that- Oh, yeah. Including your response? No, no. Go for it. Okay. So, Lucy has sent us one of the 344 questions? Yeah. It was wild. Is this personality assessment thing as part of like the autism assessment process? It's not the rad czar, is it? No, that was the simple one. They do this other one that like rules out all these other things. And it had 300 questions, and half of them were like, I don't care when I hurt other people. Things like that. I'm hurting other people. It's like, solidly agree? Little bit agree? Strongly agree. Which is question 312 of 344 is, I frequently have diarrhea. The answers you could possibly give are false, slightly true, mainly true, and very true. Now, you appear to have ticked the fourth option there. What would you call frequently having diarrhea? Like, because I think I'm going off a low base. Like, oh, sorry. I'm going off a high base. Sometimes when people say like, I had a lot of diarrhea, they mean they had like one diarrhea. About like one battle. But a lot of it. In a week or something. Bucket loads. Yeah. Yeah. So like, I think I have like just a regular amount of diarrhea. I think I'm going to say. You are normal. Just a normal amount. Thanks. I'm going to say having diarrhea. I don't think you're qualified to judge. I think to score yourself on the very highest one, to put the slider all the way up, to max out your diarrhea stats. I'm going to say like three or four times a week. Does that sound reasonable to anyone? Three times a week. That sounds reasonable. That sounds like a lot to me when I say that. I might have stolen some ballot there. You know? No, that's a lot of diarrhea. I started taking like probiotics. I don't have that much diarrhea anymore. That's nice. And is it the diarrhea that causes the autism? I don't think doctors really know. I think maybe it is. Maybe it's all in our gut health. We should know at this point. We should. It would make me more normal. The human body is an amazing thing. I ran into a friend the other day, someone who I hadn't seen since we'd gone on holiday. Hope you said sorry. I didn't speak to at all while we were away or since we got back. And they're like, hey, how are you? I heard you had a lot of diarrhea on the trip. So I don't really know how that, I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's happening in this sort of... Well, you've told me and I've been telling everyone. Yeah. Well, someone's leaking. You are, by the sounds of it. There we fucking go. I think it's fair to ask about diarrhea. Nice, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice softball lob there, Theo. I was waiting for it. I was like, all right, he's got to say it. Andy moment now. And we don't plan any of this podcast. It's all... No. Unscripted. Live. Off the cuff, baby. Yeah. No, that's hard to believe. I know it's hard to believe. I know you're thinking, wow, they got like a whole room of Aaron Sorkins back there. Yeah. They got five Sorkins. Yeah, we got Sorkin. Sorkin. Sorkin. Sorkin. Sorkin. Sorkin. Sorkin. Sorkin. Hey, some of that diarrhea I had was in America. We talk about America in America Watch. Fuck. America. This comes to us from KGUN in Arizona. The gun. Yes, finally. Oh, man. We're skipping the middle man. That's so good. You're from the horse's mouth. I like imagining the KGUN, and it's a Korean gun that a really sexy androgynous person is pointing at me. Maybe putting it in my mouth. That's what they kill you with if you insult BTS. Tucson dads keeping schools safe through Watch Dogs volunteer program. Don't apply if you have one son or three sons. Just for the listener. Watch Dogs. Dogs is an acronym, and I'm excited to learn more. Yes. The OGS. Oh, Tucson dads. I get it. Yeah, that's sort of fair. That sounds actually quite good. This is the best podcast ever recorded. Tucson dads. Now I feel stupid. You made me feel foolish saying it. Just overpronounce. Tucson. Tucson. Tucson. Tucson. French. Tucson dads are stepping up security at Le Mans Academy of Excellence Schools. So cool. Le Mans Academy of Excellence Schools. Excellent. Yeah, it's French. It means Le Mans Academy. That's right. With a volunteer program called Watch Dogs, which stands for Dads of Great Students. That sucks. That sucks. That sucks ass. That's dog shit. Yeah. People just used to put a sticker on their car. Said, I'm on the honor roll. My stupid kid's on the honor roll. Don't run him over. Whatever the fucking honor roll is. Now I'm in a volunteer program called Watch Dogs, which stands for Dads of Great Students. Yeah. At the Le Mans Academy of Excellence Schools. Do you reckon these guys shake each other's hands? They do a one-handed sort of bro hug. They go, Watch Dogs. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Watch Dogs. I'm 47. Watch Dogs. This sounds like I fucking hate you, Dad. I hate you. I wish you'd never joined Watch Dogs. It's new to their East Campus following recent threats to several Tucson schools. Okay. What? How? Hmm? Doesn't matter. Unimportant. Quote. We got some threats, so we started up a program where Dads say, I'm proud of my son. Yeah. Watch Dogs. Watch Dogs. Oh! Quote. It serves such a great message, you know. A deterrence. A presence. Just to let people know that teachers aren't alone. Said Eric Ryman, a Watch Dogs member at Le Mans East Campus. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Just to let you know, like, you guys armed? Are they strapped? Yeah, they strapped. That's interesting. They don't say whether or not they're strapped. Quote. Dads like Ryman have patrolled Le Mans schools for about a year, but Principal Eric Carey says it's a new effort this school year at the East Campus because of recent threats. Carey tells me dads are eager to join the Watch Dogs. Quote. What are the threats? Who's making these threats? Doesn't matter. Who cares? Just vague threats. Yeah. You know, kids are always doing this sort of stuff. Hmm. In America, specifically. Quote. It had to have been about 70 dads that either signed up or showed up on that first day. That's a lot of dads, honestly. 70 dads. How would you get 70 dads to show up to anything? Yeah. Parent teach nights. That's not happening. It's not 70 dads there. No. You're getting one dad in the school lunch rotation, I reckon. Yeah. Max per week. Quote. It was, hey, we're meeting tomorrow and dads were ready. I've never been more ready for anything in my life. This is so sad. Carrie says Watch Dogs always keep an eye on things, whether it's taking a shift at student drop-offs or in the hallways. Do you guys got jobs? What are you doing? You guys got jobs? 70 dads standing in the hallways? One dad at the door of every classroom and then like doubles are the ones where they just ran out of new classrooms and they have to, you go loop back around. You go stand with Greg. What's their stance like, do you reckon? They got folded arms, legs, shoulder width apart. Oh, their stance for sure. I'm thinking tactical stance. I'm thinking, depending on the day, full on tactical at the ready, like calves. Clenched, ready to spring or military at ease posture. I was thinking military at ease. That was the picture I had in my head. Thank you so much, Ben. I'm actually, I take it back. I'm now picturing. You pictured something in your head? Oh. Conceptually. A hallway is actually really easy for me to picture. It's just lines and perspective. Just sort of like a light at the end. I'm actually now picturing all the dads posed outside of like the doors to classrooms and at the front of the school. And they're all in the pose that the T-1000 is in when he comes out of the time. Yes. The time thing. Nude. Yeah. Yeah. School rules say they've got to wear clothes, obviously. But you can do the pose. Head down. Just kind of conserving energy. Yeah. You know? Ready. Biding your time. Waiting for someone to make a threat. Yeah. They go, spring up into action. You discover that I am five foot one. They're waiting to hear someone bully their kid. And then they're going to turn around and be like, come over here, you little shit. And they beat the fuck out of them. And then the school has to like, quietly make it all go away. Yeah. This is the answer to how do you get 70 dads to show up to something. Promise them that there's a chance that they get to beat up a punk kid. Yeah. Promise them they might get to go beast mode on a teen. Quote, it's visible and it's present, Carrie said. The kids can see them. The kids are giving them high fires. And they're starting to gravitate towards the incoming lawsuit. Yeah. Five. Four. Three. Get some thoughts. If the kids are starting to gravitate towards you, just like, move back a little. Yeah. Just sort of keep a little bit of distance. No touch children that aren't mine sort of policy. Yeah. Yeah. Personally. But this is finally their chance to kind of walk the halls like gods that they knew that they were. Yeah. I think they just want to be cool at school again in the hallway. Right. Everyone's high fiving me. What up, Tyler? How you doing? Yeah. You all studied up. Awesome. Oh, these? These are Dunlops. You catch the new bars from Kendrick? Yeah. I can't believe you said that. That's crazy, dude. They're all behaving like Charlie and it's always sunny when he's the janitor at the school. Yeah. And then every time they leave the room, the kid's like, who the fuck was that? Yeah. Is he like a teacher? Is he supposed to be? Is he your dad? Whose dad is this? How mad would you be if that was your dad? Yeah. I hate you. Someone come collect your dad. All of them look at each other. That's not my dad. Well, it's not my dad. It's not my dad. Not my dad. Not my dad. Oh, my God. That's Eric's dad. Eric, that was your dad. Eric, I think your dad just shoved Steve into a locker. What the fuck is up with that? Your dad's just fucking going in on Steve out there. When a bad dad arrives, nudge your mate. Hey, that's your dad. That's your dad. It's fucking not my dad, all right? That's your dad. My stepdad. I heard he was your dad. Pretty good chances it might be your dad. Well, there's 70 dads there. Do you think they've got like a supplementary Watch Sogs chapter for the stepdads? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not the Watch Dog. Seriously, though, don't gravitate towards them. You know? They're high-fiving them. They're starting to give cheerleaders lifts home. They're buying them booze. They're giving them weed. They're starting to say, oh, those vapes are corny. You want a good old-fashioned Marlboro Red. Yeah. Yeah, take one of mine. Get kids smoking again. It is so much cooler than vaping. Remember when the world made sense? Yeah. And kids smoked? Another member, Adam Pesola, says Watch Dogs is not only for safety, but also to be a father figure. You've already got a fucking kid. God damn it. Just hang out with your child. Pick your child up early from school. Yeah. Don't need to do extracurricular parenting. Quote, to help the kids if they need to tie a shoe or if they want to play catch or do something like that. That kind of goes a long way, said Pesola. What the fuck are you doing? Okay. There's like two things here. So he's either talking about playing catch with his own kids while they're at school, which you can do that on your own time. Or he's talking about playing catch with other people's kids or at school. And then everyone's going to be like, oh, man, you know that sad, lonely kid we all bully? He's playing catch with someone else's dad. It's not going to go good. It's not going to go well for that child. Watch Dogs member Eric Schaefer tells me, not me, the person who wrote this story, I guess. Yeah, he was telling you. I'm pretty sure he was telling you. He told me personally, the bright yellow shirts help students and staff know where to ask for help. Hold on. Every man in this story is named Eric. There's three of them. There's three guys in the story and they're all called Eric. I don't think this is made up. That's actually a statistical rule. If you've got 70 dads, at least three of them are Eric. That's a lot of Eric's. Principal Eric Carey, Eric Schaefer, Adam Posola, whose membership is being reviewed right now. Make him an Eric. What if they were Eric Cartman? Yes. Yeah. That'd be freaking epic. What would that sound like? It'd be freaking sick. No, no. I have a question, though, which is, so you guys, you know, you guys volunteer and you go to the school and you stand around in yellow shirts just in case someone needs to play catch. Yeah, and they let you in there as well. And the staff ask them for help. Well, just in case someone needs their shoelace tied or something. Is this in case of a school shooter? Like, is that the vibe we're going for here? They're not going to do shit in the case of a school shooter. No. Are the dads strapped or not? Like 20 guys with their polo shirts tucked into their jeans wearing a cap that just says, like, Smith's agriculture. They're not doing anything against a fucking, against a shooter. Unless they form a human shield. You could stack enough dads to make a serviceable, like, sandbag arrangement. Maybe they act like white blood cells. And they're like, oh, there's a shooter. And all of them just mob the shooter. Yeah. And then the shooter's trapped. All right. I think everyone has, everyone's also forgotten that Ben's winding us up for an ironic twist as well. Oh, no. No, there isn't one of those. This is just a wonderful program about some helpful, like, 70 dads hanging around a school. Quote, it's really about being a presence for the school, Schaefer said. You know, really about being there, supporting our fellow watchdogs that are here too. Okay. Well, that doesn't make any fucking sense. You're saying that the watchdogs are there to support their fellow watchdogs? Yeah. A bit circular. That's what it sounds like. Creating a program that immediately needs a support network. Yeah. You've got to keep getting support dads or else this whole thing falls apart. We'll just wander around the school grounds, be on the inside or the outside of the gates, or just being here for the scholars. Great students. Dads of great students, right? Dads of, Eric's of great students. It's kind of nice. It's a very bright yellow shirt. You can see us from very far away. We can assist with anything around the school. I don't, like, honestly, how many, like, do Americans have, like, a working with children check? I'm going to say no. Oh, in Arizona? No, absolutely not. Like, they've got freedom, if that's what you're asking. I thought Americans were real pedo panic. Like, really worried about abductions and pedophiles and stuff like that, right? I think that might have been overtaken by school shootings. Ah, yeah, I guess so. I guess you've got to pick the lesser of two evils. Yeah, like, what's the, do you want to have, like, 70 dads there in case a guy brings an AR-15 to school, and then you sort of run the risk that maybe one of the dads has, you know, maybe 10 of the dads, statistically. Yeah. Sure. Just keep an eye on them. You've got 60 dads trying to catch 10 pedos on this season's... Watchdogs. Watchdogs. Wow, I really didn't see it coming that it was going to be Steve R. It's crazy. I had my money on Steve Zed. Not an Eric among them. Uh, Le Man welcomes more dads to join the effort. Get involved. You've got 70 fucking dads. You've got so many. Put them to work. You've taken down Tucson's, like, employment rate. Yeah. Well, how about instead of getting these guys to, like, wander around asking kids if they want to learn how to spike a football, get them to drive the fucking school buses. Get them a bus driver's license, because you have a massive school bus driver shortage across the entire country for some reason. Yeah, get them on the bus. Yeah, these guys did. Yeah. It's like in an RTS where you forget to assign the peasants roles. Yeah. But they just wander around from building to building. Yes. For all good. You've gotten rid of all the wood, and now there's just 20 guys standing there. You got rid of the manufacturing jobs. Now there's 70 dads standing in a loose huddle. If they like bright yellow stuff so much, the bus would be great for them. You know? Let them keep the fucking shirt, if that's what's so important. They can still wear your shirt. Yeah. How about we call you bus dogs? Bus drivers of great students. Quote, oftentimes it's the mums we get to do that with. And this is such a unique and great opportunity to do that with the dads. Have them be on campus and have them be that role model. Just dads. Just guys hanging out. Just 70 dads. These guys are going to learn so many racial slurs just by being around the dads saying stuff that you can't say anymore. Also, I kind of feel like when the mums get involved, they're like doing work at the school. When the mums volunteer, they're usually kind of like... Yeah, they're kind of doing some work, right? They're helping teach. Kind of occupied. They're running the cafeteria. Make sales. Cafeteria. Or the uniform store. Or they're on the P&C. Or whatever. They're not just like... We're just kind of... We're just down here vibing. Just kind of chilling. We're vibing just in case any kids just kind of want really vague ephemeral support. How's the job hunt going? Oh, I didn't... No, I'm not... I haven't really been looking for jobs. I'm actually too busy loitering at school. They need me down there. Can you explain this gap in your CV? Oh, that was the time I was voluntarily standing in a school. Yeah, I spent two years watchdogging. Yep. Yep. Maybe we need to find something else for these men to do with their time. Some sort of like home that we could put them in. Similar to where we put our old people. Yeah. And we check in on one specific old people's home in Homestead Assisted Living Watch. Now, something has happened between the last time we spoke about this and now. They seem to have done a rebrand. They're now Homestead Senior Living. I don't like that because it's better. It is better. It is better. It kind of gives them less dignity, right? Yeah. Yes. Senior is just like a senior lifestyle. Yeah. Assisted Living does leave open the possibility that they are being put in exoskeletons. I guess. This comes to us, of course, from East Idaho News, which I think just maybe does a spell check on what they're sent by Homestead Senior Living. Crawfish boil satisfies group of local seniors. Love it when local seniors get satisfied. Yeah. The Homestead Senior Living recently hosted a lively crawfish boil that brought residents together for a day of delicious food and camaraderie. That's always camaraderie. Every time with the camaraderie. Yeah. These guys live together. They have plenty of fucking camaraderie. Chat GPT, use a different word for camaraderie this time. Yeah, you keep telling it. Stop using camaraderie. Okay. Got it. For a wonderful day of new memories and esprit de corps. First, the residents baited and set the traps. What? What? Did they catch their crawfish? Oh, here? You catch your own crawfish. Yeah. In East Idaho? Oh, a little Idaho crawfish. Now we're talking. Where's Idaho? This is just me. I hate West Idaho crawfish. Oh, yeah. You know, they don't boil the crawfish right in West Idaho. I'm just imagining a really rich guy on a date in his penthouse in New York City with a beautiful model and his personal chef brings the food over and he says, I had it flown in from East Idaho today. Dumping it out on the table. I think that's a helicopter arriving now. The freshest of East Idaho crawfish. Then, the next day, they went back to find they had quite the catch. The residents were all anxious for their delicious lunch feast. No one slept a wink. Why were they worried? They thought maybe they'd be served as well? I wonder what the EPA type situation in East Idaho is. If it's one of those places where it's like, probably don't eat something that you took out of a body of water. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. For sure. It's like mercury and lead in there. But what are they doing? They're very old. Yeah. Let them have it. Yeah. Eat whatever you want. Yeah. What's he going to do? Kill you? The air was filled with the mouth-watering aroma of spices and fresh seafood as Blake prepared the crawfish materials. There he is. He's back, baby. Is there anything he doesn't do? Well, I reckon what Blake does do is write these and send them into. East Idaho News. Yeah. I think he might. What if he's doing these so that when enough of these people die or he gets fired for something and he goes to his next role, he can be like, I received so much extensive, glowingly positive coverage in East Idaho News in my previous role. Yes. You know, they were talking about it on an Australian podcast. I was going to say, it's like, it's so fucking presumptuous to have a person in here by their first name with no mention of how they relate to this whatsoever. Like who the fuck would keep talking who that is? You know who it is. It's us. We know. We are the people that go, oh, Blake. We see you, Blake. We see you. Blake. The big dog. Go on, Bunter. Residents gathered around long tables adorned with festive decorations eagerly anticipating the feast. Banging their forks and knives up and down. What the fuck are we getting fed? Taking their teeth out in anticipation. Laughter and conversation flowed freely as they shared stories and memories. I swear that line is in every time. Yes. All of them. Every time. Every single fucking one of them shared stories. They're not sharing any memories. Like they fucking hate each other at this point, right? It's like a jail situation. It's like you hate the other residents, right? Someone like starts telling a story and everyone goes, yeah, I know. You left it in your car. Shut up. Stop sharing memories. We have heard all of your memories. Your memories are mine now. I can't remember what's my childhood and what's yours. Doug, I did not like the memory when I heard it the first time. Laughter and conversation flowed, blah, blah, blah, creating a warm and welcoming atmosphere that celebrated the joy of togetherness. Beautiful. You just sit down at dinner and that can be lovely. That's nice. That can even be transcendent sometimes, but like not every meal can be like the highlight of your life, Blake. Well, you've never had one of Blake's classic crawfish boils. Classic East Idaho crawfish boil. Everyone dug into the flavorful spread, enjoying the unique experience of peeling crawfish and seeing the flavors of a classic Southern tradition. Don't make them peel their own crawfish. They catch it. They peel it. They eat it. Really enjoying the flavors of a classic Southern tradition about something they're doing in Idaho. Music played in the background, adding to the festive vibe. Yeah, that's like... That checks out. Yeah. Yeah, I guess it would. What are you listening to, I wonder? This crawfish boil was more than just a meal. It was a reminder of the vibrant connections and cherished moments that define life at the homestead senior living. And they're all going to forget about it tonight. You know? They get up tomorrow morning. Prime chat. Blake, I hate living here. When am I finally going to do something fun? And Blake's just like... Blake, kill me, please. Let me die. Blake's just... Let me die. Blake's rolling that boulder up the hill for another day. Yeah, we'll finally do something fun today, Marjorie. Okay. Yeah, it's like one of those games that reset at the end of the day. Yeah. Blake's put his whole pussy into cooking up a delicious crawfish boil, and then the next day someone's like, I was thinking sometime we should have a crawfish boil. It's been so many years since I've eaten an East Idaho crawfish. I used to catch them when I was a little girl, you know? Blake's like, yeah, I did fucking know that about you. Yes. Just going like right up in their faces. Every single one of them. Remember this tomorrow. Remember this tomorrow. Remember this tomorrow. Crawfish. You're eating crawfish now. He's giving them memento-style tattoos. Crawfish boil. Camaraderie. He's having a really nightmarish version of like the 51st Dates thing. He's just trying to drum it into all of them. His resident's waking up and they're just seeing like, remember eating crawfish on a poster on the back of the door? I wish I could have some crawfish. He's like in there listening to them say that while he's fixing something and they're just looking at the hammer in his head and looking at them and being like, not today. Not today. Not today. He's just doing the Groundhog Day thing of just constantly blowing everybody's mind by reciting all of their key moments from history to them. That'd be fun. Maybe it is this good because he's done all of these activities a million times to the same people that he can like 100% them with Groundhog Day style skill for knowing everything they're going to say, everything they're going to want. And like the rapturous joy is real. It's just temporary. He's got it all in like a big spreadsheet. You know, he's like, Doug used to go like catching crawfish with his dad when he was a kid. These four guys are from the South. There's zero allergies in the group. You know, he's got all mapped out the appropriate activities to do. And then he does each of them once a week. Yeah. His edge of tomorrowing them with crawfish. If you boiled a beautiful crawfish boil for a bunch of senior citizens and then they completely forgot about it the next day, that would be the one thing that you didn't want to happen, which is something we explore in This is the One Thing That We Didn't Want to Happen. This is the one thing we didn't want to happen. This is from KARE in Minnesota. We care. We care. Woman's car brazenly stolen in front of St. Paul police as they give her sobriety tests. That is so good. Let him go free. I think the word brazen, quite appropriate. Yeah. That is brazen. It is. Lucy, did you just put something in the chat there? Yeah, I did. I did. I don't know if we've seen Blake before. I really wanted to see you, Blake. I've seen Blake. Get some eyes on Blake. Oh. Interesting. He's very, um... He's... He seems very sort of good with his hands. Very attentive to detail. He's painting the elderly lady's nails on one of their Facebook posts. He's putting his whole bedusi into it. We're talking fingers or toenails? Fingers. Just fingers, but you never know. This is a whole new twist on Blake that I'd never considered. I think Blake's getting some will payouts. I think Blake's like, yeah, your daughter's a real bitch, you know? You shouldn't put up with it anymore, you know? She's not here looking after you, you know? Oh, that is not what I thought Blake would look like. I was picturing Blake as perhaps sort of a larger man wearing sort of that modern hunting camouflage gear. I had just pictured Brad Pitt from Burn After Reading. Oh, that's... Yeah, I was kind of picturing that too. He's, um... He could... Just from looking at him, it's just that he might be... Sort of like a different kind of guy to what I was picturing maybe perhaps. What kind of? What kind of guy? Guy gets along really well with older ladies. Yeah. Like just because he has a good rapport with them. Yeah, just rapport with old women. That's exactly what Blake is like. I'm just like easy friends with them. Yes. They have sort of a shared culture in some of their similar vocal mannerisms. That's very interesting. When you get started, oh, the gossip? Yes. And I give as good as I take. Blake loves gossip. He has a really high emotional intelligence, but he's also quite... He can be a bit cunning sometimes, very judicious with where he forms these relationships. Yes. You know? There's a video. There's a video of the crawfish boil. Oh, yeah? They are out there catching their crawfish. Yes, they are. The videos are out there. We are out here. Oh, there it is. There it is. Are you excited for the crawfish boil? I am. It's a genuine exchange between Blake and one of the residents. One of the nameless residents. Wow. I'm not sure I kind of get the crawfish boil thing. There's a lot of... Sorry. I just want to... Just tipping like a giant bucket of live crawfish. They didn't want to go in there, did they? In the boil. They did not want to go in there. It's mostly older ladies. A little comment here. A comment here from Malika Rogers. Rogers, if there were an assisted living centre competition, y'all would win no drama. Yeah. What? Yeah, 100%. Here's a quote from one of the residents. I've never had a crawfish meal like this. It was amazing and it was fun. I've always wondered how to eat a crawfish. And Blake showed me how. She's had this every day for the past six years. Blake is kind of... Doctors coming in to try and find the source of like the acute crawfish poisoning that every fucking... High mercury levels. Yep. Oh, man. I'd love to meet Blake. A St. Paul police officer was caught off guard Sunday night. He was giving sobriety tests to a woman he had pulled over when a random stranger jumped into her car and stole it. Rum, rum. Beep, beep. Beep, beep. It's mine now. Yeah. The woman, in turn, helped police track down the suspect using the Apple Find My app. I'm going to quibble with what they've said here. I'm going to say she didn't help police track down the suspect. She helped herself track down her car that the cops allowed to be stolen. Yeah. She tracked down her car that was stolen because the cops were giving a sobriety test, which is one of the stupidest things I've ever heard. Yeah. Americans, what are you doing? Yeah. We're kind of doing like a... You're safe to drive based on vibes? Yeah. Like if you do a series of puzzles, we'll let you drive your car away. I'm really good at them when I'm drunk. It's a... You can definitely just like memorize the alphabet backwards so well that it doesn't matter if you're hammered. Yeah. Plus you should hear me sing. Yeah. Yes. As part of the statewide, quote, toward zero deaths enforcement focused on arresting impaired drivers, a St. Paul police officer pulled over a woman he says was speeding in her Lincoln Navigator near Jefferson Avenue and 7th Street at about 6 p.m. Sunday. According to a criminal complaint, when the officer began field sobriety testing, a completely unrelated man who was sitting on a nearby bus stop bench got into the driver's seat of the woman's car. Oh, Lincoln Navigator looks nice. Yeah. It's a big pimp minivan. It is a huge car. I mean, I get the impulse. Waiting for the bus. You're going to be on there with a bunch of weird people probably. Yeah. And then you see a big beautiful Lincoln Navigator door open, engine running. I'm going to have that. Yeah. That's mine now. Beep beep. Beep beep. Bitch. Police say the man was 39 year old Kyle Van Wert, who has a long history of minor crimes involving drugs and theft. Before the officer could stop him, court papers say Van Wert sped away in the woman's SUV. After the thief took off in the Lincoln Navigator, the woman told police her iPhone and other electronics were still inside. Using the Find My app, they traced the iPhone to Apple Valley, where they found it, apparently tossed out the window by the thief. Huh. He's on to it, buddy. Smart. That's real smart. Yeah. He's his head. Can't be tracked. He's like a ghost. Like an amateur would be like, holy shit, I got a Lincoln Navigator and an iPhone. Yeah. This guy is like, no, this iPhone is too hot. I got to throw it out. Little did he know, according to the criminal complaint, that the woman still had an Apple AirTag dangling from the key chain. So you got to keep that in mind, would be car thieves. Yes. Throw the phone out the window. Check the key chain. Anything on there that you don't really understand, like a weird square or a circle or a fob or whatever, get that out of there. Just keep the key. Rip it off. Also, comb over the car. Make sure that there aren't any AirTags in there. Rip off the upholstery. Yes. Cut into the padding on the seats with the Sharpie. Sharpie? Yep. Stanley knife? With the Stanley knife that you keep in your pocket at all times. Rip out all the wiring from the speakers. Yes. You might be being traced. Someone might be listening to you. Yes. Tear it all out of there. Once you've ripped it all out nice and good, pulled the infotainment system out of the dash, cracked open the screen and made sure nothing has been hidden behind there, then you are ready to go. You're going to want a cruise control going the whole time, by the way, because they are onto you. Yeah. You want to be moving while you're doing this. A lot of these cars, they have lane assistance in them now. Absolutely. Yeah. So you can get in the back seat, go at it. What do you mean? What's that? They'll detect if you're going out of the lanes and it'll give you a little steering correction. It'll keep you inside the lanes. Wow. A little whoop. Just a little whoop. Oh, it looks like you're about to whoop. Oh, hey, buddy. Hey, can you just do a whoop? Nudge you back this way for a second. Yeah, they've got whoop technology. Yeah, they put on the bumpers that they have in bowling lanes, but for cars. They should just do that on the highway. Yes. Pop them things up. Don't have something on the side of the highway that could damage your car. Does that seem stupid to anyone else? Like, make it out of something that would be fine if you hit it. Yeah. Like, if you just covered it in, like, a soft fabric, the car would just slide along and, like, it'd be fine. Why don't you just do that? Idiots. Oh, that's good. I don't know whether or not she was charged with speeding, because that was the thing that they initially pulled her over for, right? Oh. Interesting. Interesting. Also, the legal limit, why do you need the breathalyzer plus the sobriety? Is that what they do? Do they do both? No, I think the field sobriety test is if you say, I don't want to do a breath test, isn't it? I think in a lot of places, they can't breath test you on the spot for some legal reasons or whatever, so they have to take you back to the station for blood tests. Right. And their limit is 0.08, right? Which is fucking insane. Yeah, 0.08, which is fucking crazy. Yeah. So they do this, like, crazy, like, 1960s, like, balance and the touch of your nose. Because you are a clown country of fools. Hey, driving while intoxicated, even in America, that's a crime. We'll look at some other crimes in Crimewatch. Please put down your weapon. You are in direct violation of Tito Code 113, Section 9. You now have five seconds to be tried. Help me! Help me! Help me! I'm not going to be a digital force. Help me! This comes to us from WMTW in Maine. All right, guys, let's workshop this real quick. Theo, what do you got? Magic the Wuthering. Yes, there it is! Acton man charged after shooting vehicle being pursued by police, officials say. He's trying to help out! That is more or less a summary of everything that he says about this, yeah. Well, like, in this guy's defense, the humble Maine citizen is constantly being bombarded with messages about how the person who's going to solve the problem is a good guy with a gun. Yes. And you finally get your fucking chance. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. Yes. You're thinking to yourself, hey, I'm strapped. Nobody's always telling me what a good guy I am. Why not stop blasting? Why not? Just fucking open up. Put the window down. Get your head out there. Feel your fucking hair move, you know? And help the police. A man from Acton is charged with reckless conduct after police say he fired at a vehicle police from Milton, New Hampshire were chasing. It really does read like, at a vehicle police, doesn't it? Yeah, it sure does. Police in Milton say an officer there tried to make contact with the driver of a vehicle in the parking lot of Dollar General on White Mountain Highway at about 9pm Monday after getting a report of suspicious activity. When police approached, they say the driver, Michael Bennett of Sanbornville, New Hampshire, took off. Beep beep. Police say Bennett reached 80 miles per hour before officers were able to deploy spike strips on Townhouse Road off Route 125, managing to deflate a couple of tyres. What's 80? Like 130 or something? Yeah, 130. Yep. The York County Sheriff's Office say at about 9.15pm, the chase ended up on Fox's Ridge Road where several local residents came out of their homes and tried to form a roadblock to stop Bennett. Fucking get back in the house. What are you doing? You were warm inside. What? It was so lovely in there. You were a little sleepy. What? What are you? Come on, let's go and stop that car. Those residents were Robert Sprague, his daughter Nicole and Nicole's boyfriend. Now, I can see how this goes. He doesn't get a name. Robert says, all right, I'm going out there. Nicole, you're coming with me. And she goes, all right. Dad's telling me I got to do it. And then Nicole's boyfriend's like, I don't want to. I want Robert Sprague to like me because I'm dating his fricking daughter. Like, I guess I'm going out. Good idea, Mr. Sprague. Yeah, I'd love to be part of a human roadblock for a car going 130 kilometers an hour. Were they just on the road? Like bodies? Like hands across America? Hands across the road? Like stretched out? Yeah. Because their bodies are so soft compared to cars. Maybe they were posed up in the local resident interviewed about something in the neighborhood that's upset them pose. Arms crossed. Yeah, arms crossed, legs apart, scowling. Yeah. Wide angle camera capturing your grievance in the frame as well. Well, I don't know. I just don't know about that. I just don't know about this. Police said Robert Sprague had a shotgun and fired at Bennett's vehicle hitting the trunk. Seems safe. How did you know about this to have the, like, how did this fucking happen? Did you post it on Facebook? It's got to get approved by the admin. It's not going to be up there that quickly. Like, anyone hear that car noise? Were you watching, like, a live helicopter feed? Listening to, like, police radio, maybe? We've got to run out onto the road. And you know what? I'm going to bring my shotgun. Maybe you've got an enterprising citizen who has, like, got together some parts. Maybe a raspberry pie. You know? So, you can just be, you can be in your recliner looking at the TV. But you also have just, like, a cheap LED text running across that is just constantly updating from the Facebook loud noise local area group. Are you going to police Chiron? Yeah. I reckon you could totally make one of those for your house. Next door Chiron. Holy fuck. Next door Chiron and also sitting in the recliner just with the shotgun rested across your legs. Ready to go. You know? I also enjoy the fact that the solution to someone possibly doing a crime is to end their life. Yeah. Oh. Just kill them. Or someone was speeding in a stolen car, so you've got to kill them. Possibly, like, suspicious activity. Like, what? Selling drugs? Or, like, breaking into a car? Yeah. I don't know. It'd be so fucking cool if Robert had, you guys ever seen those videos of, like, the custom furniture that some Americans get made with, like, the spring-loaded hidden gun compartments in them? Oh. Cool. Soprano style. You whack the headboard. Bam! You've got ten guns in there. Let's go. And the little thing slides out of the side of your coffee table. Yeah. Sick. Just leaps up, ready to go. Nicole's boyfriend is like, whoa! Quote, I didn't know what he was going to do, and I just reacted in the moment. People do that! Sprague told Jim Keithley of James Total Coverage. Yes. In fact, it might be an ADHD symptom. Yes. Yes. To follow your heart? It could be a trauma response. Yes. Sometimes your intuition is how the universe talks to you. God talks to us through the things that we feel before we think them. Do you know who thought in the moment? Captain Chesley Sullenberger. Yes. Yeah. Correct. So what's his first name? Chesley? His first name is Chesley? I'm pretty sure. Chesley? I thought it was Mike. I had it as Jim in my head. No, no. It's Chesley. Chesley. Hmm. Chesley Burnett Sully Sullenberger. Sullenberger. Sullenberger the third. The third. Chesley Burnett Sully Sullenberger the third. Yeah. He thought it in the moment. What was this guy's dad's name? Who could say? It's impossible to say. I grabbed the shotgun and I just shot it at the rear end of the car. Sprague 55 was arrested for reckless conduct with a dangerous weapon and later released after posting $2,000 bail. Because of woke. I figured this is my chance to help. No, sorry. I'm going to say this in a, this is just how I assume he said it. I didn't listen to the clip. I figured this was my chance to help. To do good. To stop somebody from further hurting somebody. And I ended up in jail. The first time I've had handcuffs on in my 55 years. I thought they'd be making a direct-to-video movie about me. I thought the man would arrive at my house and he would put a sash on me. And the sash says, really nice guy. And everyone would say, what a good guy I am. If Robert Sprague was on that United Airlines flight, things would have gone down differently. Yeah, because he would have had a gun hidden on him. Because it was pre-9-11. But not by much. I just learned some stuff. I just learned some stuff about Sully that suddenly makes me understand why Lucy identifies with him so much. He's a... Where are you? That's cool. According to his sister, Sullenberger built model planes and aircraft carriers during his childhood. She says he became interested in flying after seeing military jets from an Air Force base near his house. Okay, they're just cool. At age 11, his IQ was deemed high enough that he was allowed to join Mensa International. Wow. A fellow Mensa member, Lucy. Wow. What do you guys call each other? Like, is that a colleague? Or like a... Do you think I've ever spoken to anyone in Mensa? Well, I mean, maybe the people you've met are like you and they don't tell people that they're in Mensa. Yeah. They walk among us. You guys need like a secret handshake. Some kind. Yeah, it's really soft and wet. The chase did not end there, however. With Bennett continuing back to Milton, New Hampshire, where police say he drove through a park and stopped at the edge of a river before jumping out running. Officers were able to quickly arrest him at the edge of the river. Bennett was already wanted on warrants out of both Stratford County, Rockingham County, and Salem in New Hampshire, as well as York County, Maine. He's probably innocent. That's a lot of warrants. As a result of the chase, he was charged with disobeying an officer operating as a habitual offender. Reckless operation. Misuse of plates. He's putting soup on him. What is it, Greek? I'm just charged with ants. Ants. Ants. Ants. Ants. Lucy, you are. Being Greek is not a crime. It was in Australia in the 40s, though. Yeah, it was. Yeah. He's also charged with speeding and littering. Don't fucking get the guy for littering when you've got him for like 20 other offences. Nah, to be honest, that one. Disgusting. You should have shot him. Yeah. Operating as a habitual offender, that's not fair. That's not fair. You're already getting charged for the crimes. You can't get charged for stacking them. Yeah. I don't think the government should get to put on like combo multipliers. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Agreed. I think they should just get to do the charge. Times two combo. Yeah. Sprague said he is due to appear in court a few days before Thanksgiving. Oh. I can't believe they're doing that to him a few days before Thanksgiving. A few days before. Yeah. You know how important a few days before Thanksgiving is to my family? I used to have a lot to give thanks for, but now I don't know. Yeah. A few days before Thanksgiving to answer the charge of reckless conduct with a dangerous weapon, he could face up to five years in prison and a $5,000 fine. They're not going to put him in prison. They're going to call him a dickhead. Yeah. The judge is going to say, oh, your heart was in the right place. You're clearly a good guy with a gun. Yeah. He's going to say, you're the right color. You know? Just wasn't the right time. Yeah. 55-year-old white guy from Maine, you are not getting sent to prison for popping one-off. Yeah. That's all I'm going to say. Not if the guy that stole the car was white. You're probably not. On behalf of the police. Quote, last night, I thought I was helping out. I thought I was stopping him from creating more chaos. All I can say is, think before you do. You think you're trying to help, but you're actually not. I made a mistake and I will never get involved again. I'll just never try. I'll just never put myself out there. Oh, I guess I just won't ever help. You know, I just won't even try to help you anymore. I'll never shoot another truck with my shotgun to try and help again. Posting to his Facebook. Just in case anyone's ever thinking about it, don't ever try and do anything good because it never works out and it's not worth it. No good deed goes unpunished. Whatever you try to do, people will just look for the worst thing in it, no matter how good your intentions are. Yes. The police are fake friends. Yes. Yeah. Correct. Trying to rip off the thin blue line sticker for the back of his car, but it's just tearing. He's turning anti-cop now. He's going to sit there at 9-11-2 and be like, no, no, I don't care. No, it's fine. Not helping. I'm fine. I'm not helping. I'm doing January 6-2 instead. You know, if I was at 9-11-2, things would go down pretty much exactly as they would otherwise. But a little bit quicker because I'm helping them. I hate first responders. I don't agree with your politics, but I do agree with who is going to be the biggest victim here. Sprague also said he is thinking about selling all of his guns as a result of the incident. Pussy. Good stuff all around. Not going to help cops. Going to sell your guns. What a fucking quitter. What an awesome act of protest. I was just imagined that you could just shoot cars if a criminal was in them. But now that he can't, there's no interest anymore. Well, if I can't just shoot whoever I want, why even have these? Why even have the guns? Yeah. I'm taking some guns out of circulation. How would you like it if I did that? Just snapping the shotgun over his knee. Like, meh! Hey, that was definitely an episode of the podcast. Bonta Vista. Thank you so much for joining us. And thank you, as always, for your financial support. Yeah. It tastes good. We appreciate you. And specifically, I would like to say this week, we appreciate you, Ellen. Ellen recently just signed up for a yearly Patreon membership to the podcast. I think specifically to listen to the sneeze episode, because she was the one that tweeted about sneeze fetishes that I then used as the basis for a bonus episode, and she just wanted to hear what we said about it. Ellen, that was too much money to spend to do that. That was absolutely ridiculous. I like it. That could be you. Wait, no. You're already paying. Anyone listening is already paying. Yeah. Well, you could be paying more. That's already you. You could be paying more. We all could be. Could all be contributing a little bit more. Yeah. Yeah. Step it up a little. Yeah. Let's have it up. Ask not what your podcast can do for you. Ask what you can do for your podcast. You know? We're already doing everything we're going to do for you. You are getting about 50 extra episodes a year. And we're not doing anything else. Maybe one Twitch stream a year, if you're lucky. Maybe. Maybe. But we still use their money, though. Stay safe out there. Keep your head on a fucking swivel. If you're in Arizona, look out for dads in yellow shirts tucked into their jeans. They might shoot you. Tell them they look gay. Yeah. That might dissuade them. That's the worst thing you can say to a dad. Yellow is kind of almost a girl color. All right. I'm out. Kids can fend for themselves. We'll see you on a free episode. Bye. We'll see you. We got the mama there. He's looking sad. There's your dad. There is your dad. Why don't you go and talk to him. He's not that bad. We said there's your dad. There is your dad. We got the mama there. He is looking sad. We said you're dead. There is your dad. Why don't you go and talk to him. Not that bad