 Hello and welcome to Punta Vista. Episode 366. I am Ben and look, this is crazy, but would you like to get off the train with me here in Vienna? Like, I know we only just met, but look, okay, so I fly out tomorrow, but I didn't really have enough money for a hotel. So my plan was I was just going to like spend the night walking around and like, I feel like we had a connection. Um, and I feel like maybe you felt that too. And I was really hoping that you'd like to join me. Um, oh, I'm, I'm so glad you feel the same way. Let me just, I'm going to go grab my bags and the other two members of my polycule. Uh, this is my partner, Craig. He has a bit of a thing about trains. So don't be too put off if he spends the whole night sort of telling you a lot of train facts or asking you a lot of questions about how you feel about trains or what happened on your train trips. Um, yeah, so this is Craig. It's Lucy. Hi, Lucy. Hi. You're Craig. I don't, I don't look like Ethan Hawke at all. No, you're sort of in a, I, do we describe men as homely ever? We should. Like for me personally, you should be. Yeah. You are kind of homely. Yeah. I have kind eyes though. Kind eyes. That's true. I don't think Celine is going to be put off by you necessarily. Why would you be? I'm very engaging. I know a lot of facts about trains. Yeah. And she just spent quite a lot of time on a train. So I think she would love. She must like trains. Yes. She's like really easy to talk to. She could have flown, right? So like she must have chose a train on purpose. Yeah. Um, oh, and sorry, this is, this is my other partner, uh, who is also called Craig and he also has a thing about trains. So, um, same, same warning, I guess. It's Theo. Hi, Theo. Hey, how you going? This is actually a tram. It's a light rail. Yeah. Yeah. Great. I don't think he knows much about trains at all. That's not true at all. Two, two, one. Oh, my Craigs are fighting. I hate it when my Craigs fight. Theo, you've not seen the movie that that was a thing about. I've, I've seen it. I think I just don't particularly remember it very well. You dog. You piece of shit. Before sunset? After midnight? Before sunrise. Yeah. Before sunrise. Yes. None of the three of them are called after midnight, but all three of them sounded before. Yeah. Okay. Before sunset. Before lunchtime. Before sunrise. Before sunset. Before midnight. That's right. All right. And they're wonderful movies. Yeah. You should re-watch them. The first two. I saw the first one. Check them out. Yeah. You should watch the second one. The second one's beautiful. How long ago do you reckon you watched the first one? Oh, probably five years ago. Okay. Wait four more years and then watch the second one and it's going to hit so hard. Oh. It'll get harder. Unless you can't remember. Nine years between? There's been nine years between. Yeah. Yeah. But I better re-watch the first one now so I've got to get my nine years in as early as I can. Maybe you could. And I can see that again in 2033. Pick your ideal Ethan Hawke. 33. Yeah. Pick your Ethan Hawke. Pick your Ethan Hawke. I haven't seen that much Ethan Hawke to be honest apart from him. Okay. My ideal Ethan Hawke is him doing interviews just like sort of with this kindness and intelligence. Older. Older. That he speaks. Kind and warm and intelligent. Doesn't he? Like his character in the before movies is real. Yeah. Yeah. Except that guy's really annoying and I never find real Ethan Hawke that annoying. He. I think this is something about watching those movies as perhaps a man is that the first time you watch the movie let's say you're in like your early 20s and you watch it and you're roughly the age Jesse is supposed to be you see yourself so much in that character that you don't realize that he is a really annoying guy. Yeah. And when you're a 20 year old woman you think wow that's the perfect man. Like that's the ideal guy and then you turn 30 and you're like Jesse is so fucking annoying. Yes. Yeah. But then you watch the second movie and you're like oh they've grown a little bit but they're both still kind of the same. But in a way that's nice. There's a nice bit of realism there I think. I think that movie has shockingly profound depths of characterization to it that all of them do that really makes you reevaluate them over time. You're in the pocket of big Linklater. I am. And he's not that big. I would love to be carried around in these little pockets watching him make his delightful films. Did you guys like Boyhood? I never saw Boyhood. I own it on Blu-ray and I haven't watched it. You should. It's good. It's kind of pointless and meandering. Like it doesn't have a plot arc. Isn't that like life? Yes. That's very true. And there's one part of it that comes off as being profoundly patronizing to the point of racism on the behalf of the director and writer. Okay. But other than that, it's really lovely. Really beautiful movie. Hey, Boyhood. That's set in a part of America. I'm not sure what region it is but I'm sure there are some things in there that are regional. It's time for regional bullshit. Regional bullshit. Every little town has got their own bullshit. Regional bullshit. Every little town has just got to have it. It's a really long tale. Well, this was sent in to us by listener Bernard. Perhaps Bernard. I'm not entirely sure. I like Bernard. He should go with Bernard either way. I think if you're not already going by Bernard, you should probably go by Bernard. This comes to us from the Louisiana Illuminator. Great fucking name for a newspaper. Great name. Testing finds mostly foreign shrimp at Louisiana Shrimp and Petroleum Festival. Oh, no. Yeah. They buss in those shrimp in? Yeah. The Democrats are bussing in the shrimp. Genetic testing of seafood served at the recent Louisiana Shrimp and Petroleum Festival in Morgan City found four out of five vendors evaluated were serving foreign shrimp passed off as local. Sorry. Okay. Yes. Can we... Hmm? I need to address one thing, please. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Louisiana. Yes. Shrimp. Yes. And Petroleum. That's right. Festival. Oh, yeah. You betcha. Probably. Morgan City, Louisiana. What's the question that you just sort of said? Well, I just don't think those two things taste good together. Yeah. Well, that would be very... That's kind of a Louisiana thing. Yeah. Yeah. Ain't nothing but a Louisiana thing. Oh, gas gumbo? They're celebrating the two founding industries of their beautiful, vibrant local community. Yeah, I get it. I get it. I'd probably keep them separate, personally. Yes. But I guess, I don't know. It feels like those... Pack them all into one festival. Yeah. Maybe those two industries are perhaps at odds with each other. Oh, I can see that. Yeah. You know, I was... I did my usual thing of sort of going through their schedule. A lot of events and stuff. This is getting a little ahead of ourselves, but sorry. There's a lot of stuff related to shrimp. Okay. Yes. And not an awful lot of stuff related to petroleum. Okay. All right. That's good. So, there's... You can go on board one of the world's first floating oil drilling rigs, Mr. Charlie, which is always there and part of a museum. So, you can always do that. That's not festival specific. There is a blessing of the fleet, where I believe an ordained Catholic priest will just bless all the boats that turn up in the bay that day. Hmm. Okay. It's pretty cool. Is he flicking his water out there, do you think? Like, he's probably got a water gun, just to sort of get the distance. And there's the Petro Pit. Ooh, what's that? It's the VIP lounge of the festival, where you can pay $50 and there's like special exclusive stuff that happens inside the Petro Pit, but they don't say what. Is it like ladies gas wrestling? Petroleum wrestling? I think it's ladies. Yeah. They're just in crude oil. Yeah. They're fighting, but, you know, they're... Ooh. You know. Yeah. That's 100% what's happening in the Petro Pit. Yeah. Which, fellas go crazy for that. A few ladies. Hmm. These days, the way things are. Sure. The testing was performed at the Five Day Festival over the Labor Day weekend by CD Consulting. Hey, check out this new diet I'm on. Yeah. We hit our KPIs, ladies and gentlemen. A food safety tech company that recently developed a rapid seafood species identification test. Is it just looking at it? Is it just looking at it? Yeah. Shrimp. Shrimp. Foreign shrimp. We actually get craved to look at it. Yeah. Craig could basically name all kinds of shrimp there is. He could tell from looking. Company owner Dave Williams of Houston said local shrimpers in Louisiana invited him to Morgan City to try out his technology at the festival, first held in 1936, and where attendees would expect to find local catch. You can kind of see that there's already kind of a subtext there. So the local shrimpers asked him to do it. Hmm. Because they know it's not their shrimp that's being sold at the Louisiana Shrimp and Petroleum Festival. Oh, yeah. They know what's happening, huh? You really should check out the Louisiana Shrimp and Petroleum Festival. We'll buy you a ticket. Yeah. Yeah. Just to give Craig a workout. Stay in my spare room. I'll put you up. Just go and test that shrimp because I don't want to prejudice you, but I'm just saying. I think you'll be very interested. Some of that shrimp look like it had an accent. William said he purchased plates of boiled shrimp from five of the roughly 12 seafood vendors at the event. Terrible coverage. That's really bad, right? He was only 12. He could have hit up all 12. Yeah. Why are you saying four out of five and you only tested five? He was at the Petro Pit. He wanted to spend enough time at the Petro Pit. Yeah. Yeah. He could hear a lot of like giggling and shrieking and he's like, oh, fuck, I've got to get back in the Petro Pit. Five will do. Plus, once you get in the Petro Pit, it's really hard to get out. Very slippery. There's no pass. You can't come back in. All five vendors assured him their shrimp came from Louisiana waters, he said. Four out of five shrimp vendors are liars is the other thing we learned. Yeah. He analyzed the samples with technology that examines seafood tissue genetics and is not unlike that used for confirming coronavirus infections. Wow. All right. You swabbing the inside of the shrimp's noses. Yeah. Give him a little tickle. A little tickle. And go. Developed in collaboration. Remember how unpleasant those were? Or are if you're still frequently doing them? Yeah. They're really nasty. They make me fucking freak out. My eyes, water. I'm just like sneezing for like 15 minutes afterwards. Caitlin, no problem. Oh, really? Well, she is kind of made of tougher stuff. She is made of tougher stuff. Generally. It's a very, that part of the nose was not meant to be touched. No, it's way up there. It's right up there. It's further than our fingers go. I remember when my friends were like very, very early on where the first people I knew were getting tested described the test to me. I was like so scared. I was like, holy fuck, I'm never going to get sick because I don't want to have to get one of those tests. Did you ever get COVID? Yeah, the old ones were nasty. Yeah. We've all had COVID, haven't we? Yeah, I think I've had COVID twice now. Okay. I thought I was never going to get it. Slightly too big to carry easily. Yes. That is an awkward size. You're lugging this big old thing around. Just here for the great atmosphere. Just going up to the vent. It's like, yeah, shrimp. Play shrimp, please. And, um. Oh, local, you say. Would you stake your reputation on it? You promised. Oh, no reasons. Uh, the testing kit is marketed to food safety inspectors who work in the field, William said. Uh, only one of five vendors, Woodrow's Cajun Cuisine, sold shrimp from the Gulf of Mexico, according to the testing. The other four samples were foreign farm-raised species, most likely imported from India or Ecuador, William said. How do I know there's not foreign farm-raised shrimp in our great Gulf? Yeah. Yeah, the ocean is kind of all connected. You reckon maybe they escaped? How do you know? They could have gone from anywhere. They could have escaped from the farm. Mass escape, that's right. Are shrimp not free to move? Have you seen the size of the ocean and the size of a shrimp? Looks like it had sort of just go pretty far on a tide. Yeah, maybe they got the, one of those currents just sort of whipped them up. Oh, you know, in Finding Nemo, when they get in that current with the turtles. With the turtles, that's exactly right. That probably happened with the shrimp. Like, Ecuador's not that far away. No, Ecuador's relatively close, isn't it? Yeah. It's all the Americas, you know? It's all Americas, baby. Yeah. Borders are fake, anyway. Yes. They're just drawn on. Made up lines, made up by humans. Yes. And shrimp can't read. You can't cross an imaginary line. Hmm. Unless we're all imagining it, and then we sort of set a bunch of rules around it, and then it's very possible for other people to go, hey, you crossed that line. I can't picture where the line is. Yeah. So, I can cross it very easily. You're kind of immune to borders. I am. Sort of freeze my thinking. That's why I'm such a genius. Yes. That's why you've come up with all your wonderful inventions. How did that? You end up using that white noise machine you invented? I haven't got time for shit. Yeah. I do want to do stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. With my life. Oh, absolutely. Well, you've got two beautiful boys. Two beautiful boys. Williams acknowledged his festival experiment wasn't controlled enough to withstand scientific scrutiny. Okay. That's true. Okay. Because you just sort of brought your briefcase to not even half of the shrimp vendors. But you did it anyway. I'm imagining he's coming in. He's finding the highest viewpoint of the festival, putting down his briefcase, slowly unpacking. Did you see a mysterious stranger roll into town? Yeah. His reputation assassination kit. He said his company's technology has been published in scientific journals and undergone peer review. The purpose of the festival testing was simply to demonstrate the efficacy of the field test kit. Well, it seems like what you demonstrated was the duplicitousness of the shrimp vendors at the shrimp festival. I don't know. I think this guy's dodgy. Undergone peer review is a funny phrase. That is true. Yeah. Didn't say pass. I'm not reading a lot of positive sort of words. It's just like, oh, yeah, my stuff isn't scientific. You know what I don't trust? Let me tell you what I don't trust and what I do trust. What I don't trust is some fancy big city CD food scientist rolling in from Houston. Blah. Never been in a bayou in his life. Yeah. And you know who I do trust? The good, honest, hardworking shrimp folk of Morgan City, Louisiana. 100%. Who are you going to believe? You don't think that like the regular citizen bayou adjacent coastal Louisianans of Morgan City know what foreign shrimp tastes like? Yeah. They were raised on shrimp boats. Rolls in in this suit. Hasn't even spent a moment in the petroleum pit. He doesn't even know the names of the people there in the petroleum pit. Candy. I think he's been paid for Woodrow's Cajun cuisine, frankly. Absolutely. 100%. Yes. I trust all of the shrimp vendors except for Woodrow's Cajun cuisine. What if farm-raised shrimp are simply better? True. What if they flourish on the farm? Yes. Yeah. What if it's kind of nice for them to live on the shrimp farm? What if it's like a shrimp farm that has like farm stays and stuff on it? What if it's got a little shrimp tractor that they drive around? Come on, children. It's time to milk the shrimp. All the shrimp have names. They're all really friendly. They come right up to the door of your little tiny home that you're staying in on your shrimp farm stay. Yeah. The shrimp are here, kids. Ah! The kids see the farmhand scooping a big net full out, putting it in the trailer for the abattoir. Where are they going? It's just a fact of life. Going only on a different farm. Yes. What's going on? Are they going on an excursion today? Going to an even better, cooler farm that you can't go to. Yeah. Of the four vendors selling foreign shrimp, so angry just thinking about it, two were local restaurants and the other two were vendors that exclusively service fairs and festivals, William said. He declined to identify them by name, saying his testing wasn't meant to embarrass anyone. Doesn't want to get sued. Doesn't want to get sued. Also, doesn't want a little Bayou Justice. Yes. A little bit of Morgan City retaliation. Morgan City. Yeah. Blood feud. Vendetta. You know, someone walks into one of those Bayous, might not walk out. That's all I'm saying. Mm-hmm. Oh, he wanted to go sightseeing. Yeah. So I took him out on my alligator boat. On the bike. Then saw him again. Yeah, he fell off. You know, city folk. He wasn't raised on an airboat. He doesn't know how you're supposed to stand on him. Damn shame. He seemed like a sweet guy. Even though he said that stuff about my mom's shrimp. He did say, however, festival organizers should hold vendors to a higher standard. Yeah, well, you come in here. As in they should hire him again and his fucking joke of a suitcase. Bring it back in. His suitcase is too big. Traveling circus man. He has to drag around like a limp nerd. My shoulder hurts. All my lab gear is in there. My beakers. Get him. It's kind of messed up that you're talking about Louisiana characters and all I can think is Michael Rapoport in Justified. Yeah, I haven't seen it. You need to see Justified. Yeah, it's on your plex. I started. It's so many 45 minute episodes. Yeah, and they're all good. Six seasons of it. Six perfect seasons. A handsome guy in there with his beautiful smile. And that weird looking guy with his really big smile. Yeah. And they're old best friends. And they kind of play off each other. I haven't seen it. Yeah. Quote, the person getting the revenue knew and the people at the top definitely, definitely, definitely knew foreign shrimp were being suddenly said. All the way up to the top. Yeah, the top? The people at the top? The shrimp? You mean Marge and Donald? Kamala? Who are you fucking talking about? Kamala? Kamala? Kamala knows this? Joint Chiefs of Staff? I know Biden doesn't know this. No, Biden doesn't know this. No, he doesn't know this. You know what? I keep having weird moments where I realise he's still president. He's still president. It's so funny. What's he doing? They're wheeling him out like that guy that can't. This guy that's singing, but with the lip singing and he's falling off stage or whatever. I haven't watched a video of Frankie Valli the other day. I don't know who he is. It's no good. Okay. Like that guy. Yeah. They've got to be giving him make work because otherwise he'd get cranky, but he's not doing anything, right? They've just completely forgotten about him. Oh, it's a presidential make work project. Yeah, that's right. Oh, why don't you go out there and shake some hands? Who are they? Doesn't matter. Let's go shake some hands. Joe? Joe? Just go shake some hands for a couple hours. You get out there and you do what you do best, Joe. Sniff some hair. Yeah. They've got him fake hair to sniff now. He doesn't know. They've got like 40-year-old actors dressed as 16-year-old girls that he could go. Sorry, that's grim. They've got those wigs that they get from real people. Yes. Just on a post. That was keeping busy for another hour and a half. Perfect. Representatives from the Louisiana Shrimp and Petroleum Festival did not respond to multiple calls and emails seeking comment. Yeah. Yeah. They're in emergency mode. They're figuring out what to do about this guy, the city slicker. Yeah. Yeah. You come over here with your PhD, your electric car. You're going to tell us how we eat our shrimp? And what if he wasn't on that flight back? Yeah. Oh, that's weird. We saw him at the airport. We all saw him there. Yeah. We gave him a lift. Strange. In fact, we wanted to make sure that he got there safe and sound. We take care of our visitors here. We look after our guests. We look after them real calm. I'm really loving how you're getting much more confidence with your accents. Thank you. That's William Dafoe's rat from... Is he from Louisiana? Fantastic Mr. Fox. Fantastic Mr. Fox. Oh, he is. Absolutely. I think he's from the south. From Louisiana. For sure. Yeah, maybe he is from Louisiana because it feels like there's a little bit of French in there. It absolutely is. I think he calls someone like Monshuri. I don't know. He does. I think he is Cajun. I might leave the Cajun one alone. Yeah. It's my job. Cajuns are okay because they're ethnic whites. Oh, okay. So don't worry about it. Yeah. All right. Yeah. It's Creole. We can't touch Creole. Can't touch Creole. Cajun, green. Creole, red. Okay. Got it. Noted. So this is the oldest state-charted harvest festival in Louisiana. Okay. And this guy's just showing up to ruin it. Yeah. Yeah. He thinks he knows shrimp. You don't fucking know shrimp. When I close my eyes, I dream of shrimp. What do you see, city boy, when you dream? Next year, he'll be bringing his big old suitcase down here to test the petroleum. Yeah. This isn't Louisiana petroleum. This isn't that good old-fashioned Louisiana petroleum at all. This is cut with Ecuadorian brown. So one of the other big features of this is that they have a king and a queen of the festival, which we've seen that in a lot. How big we talk a lot. Shrimp king? The shrimp king and the shrimp queen? Show me the shrimp king. Well, they are. Sorry. Respectively, they are the shrimp and petroleum king and the shrimp and petroleum queen. Okay. So this year's one. So this just happened like a couple of weeks ago. So this is the announcement of the two monarchs that were chosen. We're going to start starting at the queen here. Natalie Sloan, 18, is the daughter of Joey and Alana Sloan of Morgan City. Sloan is a graduate of Central Catholic High School. She is currently attending Nichols State University, where she is pursuing a degree in nursing. At Nichols, she is involved in the Beta Iota Sigma Club and campus activities. In her free time, she enjoys staying active, spending quality time with family and friends, shopping, volunteering when the opportunity arises, and attending church. America's so cool. Yeah. They are on their own. Who's the hottest teen at the teen festival? You better believe she is a religious sorority girl. Yeah. So that was the queen. So that's Natalie Sloan, 18. And this is the king. This one's a little longer. Daniel T. Conrad, a lifelong resident of Morgan City, is Senior Vice President and Director of Conrad Industries, Inc. He graduated from Nichols State University in 1987 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Management. Mr. Conrad joined Conrad Shipyard in 1997, where he held numerous positions, including Facility Manager, Sales Manager, and Business Relations Manager. From 1989 to 1997, Mr. Conrad served in various positions with Venture Transport, Inc., a specialized oil field carrier. Prior to that, he worked for Johnny's Propeller Shop. So, you know, he's got Morgan City in his blood. Mr. Conrad currently serves on the Board of Directors for the Atchafalaya Intracoastal Coalition, the American Longshoremen's Mutual Association, and the Shipbuilders Council of America. He's also a past board member and president of the Petroleum Club of Morgan City. Mr. Conrad is the son of John P. Johnny Conrad Jr., and Mary Lou B. Conrad, Mr. Conrad's grandfather, Parker Conrad, was the founder of Conrad Shipping, and was also involved in the shrimp industry, owning several shrimp processing plants, as well as transporting fresh shrimp to various docks along the East Coast. Mr. Conrad is married to Rebecca Darden Conrad and has four children. Danielle Mielek, who was queen in 2007. Abigail Carrere, Michelle Conrad, and Brett Sennett, five grandchildren. Mr. Conrad is a parishioner of the Holy Cross Catholic Church. Now, if I could get you two to dip into the document real quick, I'd like you to look at some photos. Yeah, that's what I was picturing, based on that description of that man. So, he's a shrimp shipyard guy. Yeah. And she's, like, just a teen. She is, she's just 18. She's barely 18. And they're king and queen together. And he is, like, 60-something, probably in his early 60s, by the look of him. Oh, man. She also has a full foot of height on him, as well. Yeah, she's much taller than him. It's a great image. Now, so this is what the couple looks like this year for the 89th, I believe, Shrimp and Petroleum Festival. If you scroll down, you'll see last year's. Yeah, it's, like, you could just interchange these two people. It's just a different 18-year-old blonde. It's an 18-year-old blonde girl and an ancient. An elderly man. Ancient man. An elderly man. Ancient white man. These are, like, they kind of like a baron-esque figure, don't they? Like, this is an industrialist. Yes. This is, like, a 70-year-old industrialist. Oh, it's the same every year. Well, Lucy, you said blonde every year. Oh, sorry. There was one brunette. One 18-year-old brunette. Ancient. Ancient old man. Ancient old man. And then we go down. This is funny. One more. Traditionally, a king and queen are, like, a couple. They're kind of married. A marriage bed. They've got sort of a relationship. Yeah. The king and queen. Traditionally. Okay. That is another ancient industrialist. Yeah. Okay. All right. White, blonde 18-year-old. Jesus Christ. And then if you scroll down one more, there's one other photo that I found. Okay. Now, this is fun. This is a bit of fun. They're laughing in this one. Well, one of them's laughing. As far as we can tell. One of them appears to be wearing Joseph's Technicolor KKK hood outfit. Yes. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. So, I don't know if. Fully masked. He is wearing. Yeah. It is essentially a gold KKK hood with a purple plume on top of it. And then a sort of medieval tunic with a fleur-de-lis on it. Purple and gold, of course. The colors of royalty. He's also wearing riding boots. And the gloves make it unbelievably sinister. What a strange combination this is. This is. And it's just the only thing you can really see of his whole body are his terrible, flappy old man looking knees. But, yeah, he's wearing tights. So, you can see the wrinkles on the knees. The shape of them, yeah. The shape of his knees. This is a KKK wizard outfit with the foil modifier. Yeah. From Belantra. Yeah, you got a rare, rare drop. This is a holographic. KKK actually. A 1.5 multiplier to racism. So, this is like. You want to put that right at the very end so the multiplier applies last. That's right. You just started playing Belantra yesterday and now it's the only thing you're going to be thinking about for a couple of weeks. I only think about one thing at a time or things that interface with that. That's right. No matter how. Now, I think what I really wanted to get at here is that this is horrifying and it looks like this is the stuff that they were trying to uncover in season one of True Detective. Like, this is the. Yes, absolutely. This is just. This is way worse than the Ecuadorian shrimp. Oh, my. Yeah. Why aren't they investigating this? Why isn't someone bringing a suitcase down to be like, why are you king and queen like 50 years? Like 18 and 60. Yeah. Like, what's the go? Yeah. What's happening there? Where's the young hunts? December. Like, yes. Oh, my God. What about the hotties? The jocks? Are there no, like, hot jocks? Do you guys not have a quarterback? Yeah. I think they're all working the boats. Yeah, they're probably working the reeds. Shrimping ain't easy. I'll tell you that much. He only said that strong as a shrimp. All the little hook marks in their hands. I'm working the boats. Yeah. Yes. Also, I don't know if you guys noticed a little detail on the crown there, but the crown is like the tower. The crown's logo, which is also on the scepter and on the mural behind them. Is it a shrimp? So, it is a giant shrimp. Oh, I actually love the shrimp tiara. Yeah. I mean, there's a little extra, but I love it. It's gorgeous. It's a giant shrimp that is sort of standing on top of or wrapped around Mr. Charlie, the very old oil drilling platform that they have. But the shrimp's also wearing a little helmet. What a place in the world to be. Does the shrimp work on the oil rig? I think the shrimp has a job. That's an employed shrimp. It works on the rig. Yeah. That shrimp's an oilman. Oh, my goodness. This is, they just seem to have. America's something else. Yeah. I love how every little festival, it's like, oh, that's last year's corn princess. She's going to hand over the corn crown to this year's. But then, you know, every year another beautiful 18-year-old comes in and then people start doing like side-long glances at like the older corn queens. I mean, like, do you remember when she was like the prettiest girl in town? She's 20. She's 20. She's 20 now. Well, this really feels like a joke. Like, this is what would come out of the pressure cooker of a fallout vault in Louisiana. Right? But if they took their signifiers and their symbols in with them and, like, what they know of culture and sort of just bred that for several decades in a bunker, completely unable to receive new information or context or what have you. This is what you would interrupt when the doors open. 100%. You'd be like, all right, we have to rebuild an entire civilization from shrimp, petroleum, and the KKK. Well, it's just kind of interesting about this to me is that, like, Louisiana as a state is not an overwhelmingly white state. Population is like there. Oh, yeah. And all of these photos that I'm looking at, potentially by chance. Yes, by chance, probably. Per chance. Yes. I think she just happened to be the most beautiful 18-year-old in Louisiana at the time. We looked at every woman in Morgan City and, for some reason, every year it is a white girl, woman who turned 18 like a week beforehand. Sorry, just woman. Yes, yes. Yeah. What's Morgan City's deal? And then the most enterprising gentleman. Well, that just happened to be this ancient, fallen apart old, white, rich dude. Man, one of the years, the ancient industrialist, like, his father and his grandfather had been the shrimp and petroleum king before as well. Like, this is so sinister. It makes me feel unwell. Yeah, I don't like this. There's something going on in Morgan City. Yeah. And the shrimp, once you start pulling out that thread, you've got to throw it in the bin because that's actually its intestines. Yes. It's poop. You're eating the poop. You're eating the poop. This is just waiting to be blown wide open. Yeah. And we're the comedy current events podcast to do it. Hey, if you were an 18-year-old girl and you got picked, an 18-year-old woman, and you got picked to be the shrimp and petroleum queen, you'd feel ever so lucky. We explore other lucky people in Mr. Lucky Duck. Oh, he's Mr. Lucky Duck. That's one lucky duck. This comes to us from the Associated Press. A crash saved a teenager whose car suddenly sped up to 120 miles per hour. Oh, that's good news. Lucky that crash was there to save his life. That's like 190 kilometers an hour. That is so fast. Yeah, that is so fast. My car wouldn't go that fast. No. Personally? I don't know if yours would either, Theo. No. They shouldn't be made to. No, there's no reason. There's no reason for it. If your car goes over 110 kilometers per hour, it should self-deploy spike strips. Correct. Fire you into the Logan River. That's right. Unless it's me doing it and I'm having fun. Yeah. Sam Dutcher had just finished running errands when the 18-year-old, which is him, the 18-year-old's Honda Pilot suddenly began to accelerate, even though his foot wasn't on the gas pedal. Oh. Yeah. That's a twist. The brake wouldn't work. He couldn't shift into neutral. And before long, the runaway SUV was speeding into the western Minnesota countryside with no way to stop. You are 18 years old. Why are you driving a car? An SUV. That is half the size of my house. I think actually... Oh, that's a big car. I didn't even know... Are you not taking your children to soccer? That's the biggest Honda I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. I was... When you said Honda, I was picturing a much smaller car. Yeah. We don't... I was thinking like sports car going up to that fast because that's a... Surely a reasonable... Yeah. You don't... SUVs, they don't go 120 miles per hour. Well, why would they? Why would they? Quote, I had the brake to the floor, Dutchess said Thursday, but the SUV kept going faster and faster, eventually reaching 120 miles per hour, in brackets here, 193 kilometers per minute. It's okay. I'll just do that. Well, they did it wrong. Are you sure it was the brake? Yeah. Oh, you might have had pedal confusion. It feels like this could be like sort of an easy mix up. Yeah. This is... That's what happens to a lot of people when they crash into businesses and stuff. They've just gone the wrong pedal. So, you wouldn't think you'd be able to do it, but often they're seniors. Yeah. Like if you crash full speed with your Honda Odyssey with the bull bar up front into, let's say, the ATM at the front of a bottle store. Yes. You've probably just done a little whoopsie. Confusion. Easy mix up. Confusion. Easy whoops up. It happens to all of us. One pedal makes the car go faster. Oh, is there money in those things? I didn't know. I didn't know whoops up. I had an easy whoops up out the front. And if no one saw, what you got is a lot of money. A last ditch plan averted disaster that September evening. A trooper sped in front of the Honda and Dutch was told to crash into the rear of his squad car, allowing it to ease safely to a stop moments before reaching a dangerous intersection. Yeah. Now, I read this and I was... That excuse never works for me. I was so confused by this, but then I remember that... Is he driving at a similar speed? Must be, right? I think modern cars have smarts in them, where if you're about to run into something, they stop you from doing that. Yeah, the adaptive cruise control and, like, emergency braking and that sort of stuff. Yeah. Collision detection. My car doesn't have that. It's just me and the open road. No computer, you know? Anyway, quote, that was really all I could think of that was going to get him stopped in time, Minnesota trooper Zach Groover said. We just kind of ran out of time and distance. I really didn't know any other way. So how did this occur? Has he called the cops? You will find out. But essentially, yes. Dutchess, who graduated high school in May and is studying auto mechanics, was driving to the family home near West Fargo, North Dakota. Better edit that accent. Yeah, I could definitely do that Fargo accent. Everyone's going, oh, geez. Around 7.30 p.m. on September 17th, when he realized something was wrong. Quote, I went to take my foot off the accelerator, Dutchess recalled. It wouldn't slow down. As the SUV gained speed, Dutchess had two options. Stay on a two-lane road and drive into Minnesota or hop onto the interstate. Figuring traffic would be lighter, he chose the road less traveled. Now, personally, my thinking here, get on the interstate. Yeah, everybody's going fast. It's like, yeah, everyone's going fast as fuck. Everyone's already doing like 130, 140 k's an hour. And also, the interstate kind of doesn't stop. Like, there are very few places where there are like traffic lights on the interstate, you know? Like, especially in Minnesota, at the border. They're probably overtaking you on there. I've driven out there before. I've been on that interstate. It's empty. Not a lot going on out there. Dutchess tried using voice command on his phone to call 911, but it didn't work. Cool. Awesome. That's great. Awesome. Everything functioning correctly. Yeah. I love... Cars failing. Voice control doesn't work. Being alive. So, he called his mom. Catherine Dutcher was in the drive-thru line at Hardee's. I love America so much. In her 911 call, she mentioned that the Honda had just been in the shop because the accelerator was apparently getting stuck. Uh-huh. Yeah, guy, the mechanic's like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, we fixed that. Oh, yeah. Oh, it's still not working? Oh, jeez. Oh, Pete. Authorities suspect that the SUV's computer malfunctioned. Yeah, it sounds like maybe the computer malfunctioned. Yeah, probably the computer, like the motherboard or something. Yeah, probably something to do with you. Probably the car's motherboards. Probably one of the chips. The family should take the vehicle into a dealership for an inspection, a Honda spokeswoman told the Associated Press. Yeah, I guess they should. Yeah. Probably. Probably. Oh, gee, you think? Yeah. Might have head on down to the Honda. Think it down to Minnesota. Down to Minnesota Honda. I'm just Irish. What? Yeah. I'm going back on losing the confidence. I feel like you had the two syllables that came out of your mouth first. Perfect. Yeah. Okay. The company should not. Sorry, no. The company could not comment further until an inspection was done. Yeah. Yeah. I can see that. Who are they getting to hop in that thing? To take it there? I was wondering that as well. Yeah, who's driving it to the dealership? They're just driving it to the dealership. Car stumped. Twice in as many days. For going 200k's an hour. As the Honda sped into Minnesota, Clay County Deputy Zach Johnson reached Dutcher by phone. So, he's called his mum, who's called 911, and then the police have called him. And he's just trying to get his phone to pick up. So, hang on. So, he could call his mum. But not 911. But not 911, because he doesn't want to take his hands off the wheel. He didn't want to take his hands off the wheel, because he's going 200km an hour. Probably a good call. That's really fast. He got the Tom Walker GTA mod installed. On just his car. On just his car. Whoop. He's got to lightly touch the... Oh, I'm gone. Dash camera video shows Johnson talking Dutcher through possible solutions. Nothing worked. Well, I bet the car probably doesn't let you turn on the handbrake if you're in motion. Because there's smarts in the handbrake. I bet there's probably all sorts of smarts in there trying to keep him safe. But what did they do? They put him in danger. They turned on him. You can't trust anyone but yourself. Rip the computer out of your fucking car. You don't need a computer. Analog style. Yeah. Except maybe the ECU or whatever. Keep that. Yeah. The direct ejection stuff. You'd probably keep that. But all the other stuff. You don't need an infotainment system. No. You got Bluetooth. Just Bluetooth from your Spotify. Yes. Plug in your MP3 player. Like our ancestors did. Yes. God. I don't need the internet in my car. For my car. You don't need it. Get Bluetooth out of there, personally. Yes. And nothing that travels over the waves. I feel it actually... It excites your particles in a way that makes them sick. My molecules and stuff. Yeah. Just wear headphones instead. Yeah. You ever see that? Someone driving around with over-ear headphones on? No. That's fucked up. That's pretty weird. Yeah. I've done that on occasion. Why? What? No. Don't do that. That's unbelievably unsafe. So I can hear my music better. What are you talking about? When you say on occasion, are you talking about like 10 years ago? 12 years ago? You don't mean within like recent memory. Yeah. I mean... I think you need to hear that road or something. Beautiful Sonys. I think I had one ear cap off. That's fucking horrible. I can't remember why I was doing that. That's psycho behavior. Meanwhile, all Catherine Dutcher could do was worry. When she called 911 for an update, she broke. Quote, they said they've got several officers going to him as well as medical, she recalled. At that point, I kind of lost it because I just imagined him being either seriously injured or dead. I didn't know how they were going to stop a car that was going that speed. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's reasonable. And plus, you've got the cops doing it. And they're not, you know, problem solvers at the best of your hands. This one seemed to have done an all right job. Absolutely. Yeah. I'm a useful cop. He should be on another line of work. Like, speed strips or shot the tires out or done a pit maneuver on him or whatever. Shot him. Yeah. Every now and then, I don't know if you guys remember this. This happened maybe like a year or two ago. But a cop was following this woman driving like a, this is in the US. I can't remember what state. Colorado, maybe? Anyway. Yeah. Woman's driving long. Cop reckons she's speeding and indicates for her to pull over. But it's on like an interstate that doesn't have a shoulder on it. So there's nowhere to pull over. So she slows right down and chucks her hazards on to look for a spot to pull over. And then the cop's like, oh, she's trying to escape. And then flips the car. Like, does a PIT maneuver, hits the back, and it fully flips the car. And that woman is like seven months pregnant. Oh, my God. So he's like, yeah. Jeopardized her health, health of a baby. And then it turns out, like, the cops came out and were like, well, you know, she should have just pulled over. And then everyone's pointing to the fact that that state's guidelines are, if there's nowhere safe to pull off, you put your hazards on and travel slowly to a spot where you can or whatever. But this happened maybe like two years ago. Every couple of months, I Google this thing to see if there's been any consequences for that cop yet. And as far as you can tell, none. Oh, why would you? Why would there be? Yeah. So fucked up. Groover heard what was going on through his radio. His Dodge Charger eventually caught up with the Honda as it was approaching the town of Hiddidol, Minnesota, about 30 miles from where the problem began. Only about 200 people live in Hiddidol, but the highway runs through an area with a couple of stop signs, a railroad crossing, and an intersection with another highway. Oh, Jesus. Yeah. Cars live in there. Trouble brewing. That's real bad. What? Maybe if you're going 200 kilometers an hour, you just zip between the cars. Yeah. It's actually the safest speed that you can do. You'd be so speedy. You'd walk in between raindrops. Groover raced ahead to keep traffic at bay. His dash cam video showed the Honda zipping past quickly through the town. Oh, my goodness. Dutchess said the SUV was going about 120 miles an hour. Soon, another worry. Johnson warned Groover that the highway ended at a T intersection about four miles away, which is a two-minute drive at racing speed. He should have gone on the fucking interstate. Like, he's 18. You know, he's making spur-of-the-moment decisions. But the small-town back road? Yeah. That was not the smart play. Yeah. Interstate. Absolutely not. Worst that happens, it eventually ends in an ocean. And you can just, like, that's going to stop you. Well, you can just see how long you can go before you run out of fuel. I mean, you're going, which way was he going? So, he's going from South Dakota into Minnesota. What's after that? You're going into Wisconsin? Oh, that'd be lovely. Yeah. Michigan? Get some cheese while you're there. Go to the cheese castle. Stop at the Mars cheese castle if you can just jump on out. That's it. I'm calling it. Choose the grassiest shoulder you see. Get out. Get some beer and cheese soup. I need some curds. Jumps out of the car that's going 200 kilometers an hour. Goes straight into a rolled. Walks in. Orders himself some cheese curds. Someone looks at him and says, I'll have what he's having. Yeah. I think that's kind of how it would go down. And then the car crashes through the wall of a primary school. That's right. But that's no longer your fault. Like, you didn't do that. You're not driving that car. You're not in it. Yeah, you're not in it. The 2022 Honda's crash mitigation system kicked it. This is an 18-year-old driving a 2022 SUV. Yeah. Fucking money from. America's messed up. Yeah. I'm assuming it's his parents' car, right? His parents. Yeah. Probably. Your first car should be older than you. Yeah. That is my firm belief. Yeah. And should not have a three and a half liter V6 in it. Yeah, probably. Yeah. The 2022 Honda's crash mitigation system kicked in at the point of impact, helping ease the collision, Groover said. The Honda was going at about 80 k's when it struck the trooper's vehicle. So that's good. They managed to shave off about 120 k's. All right. From there, Groover was able to gradually slow to a stop. How did they? Okay. Like, wouldn't it still be trying to accelerate it? Well, I think they're saying that maybe there's a safeguard in there that if you're in an accident, the cruise control or whatever that's taken over will stop. The robot will relinquish its control over your car. Groover, a married 30-year-old expecting his first baby, was impressed by the young driver who was able to navigate a runaway vehicle at unimaginable speeds. You should give him a job. You should make him a cop. Make him a racist cop. You should give him a job as a race car driver, I was thinking. Yeah. He should be the pace car driver at the next big South Dakota NASCAR event at the South Dakota Speedway. Sam did great, said Groover, who has been a trooper for over three years. I don't think there's a whole lot of people who could deal with that pressure. It's genuinely amazing. It's actually really impressive. That's crazy. Yeah. Sam Dutcher, you are the Buntavista cool guy of the week. You are the cool teen of the week. Every week we appreciate one teen. Buntavista's cool teen of the week. Hang loose, brother. I bet this guy's probably dealing with a little bit of emotional trauma after that. We deal with psychological issues in a segment that we call Paging Dr. Lucy. This comes to us from, uh, slash swingers. The swinging subreddit. Competitive swing. Just to pick up your telephone and dial it on the double. This comes to us from, uh, slash swingers. The swinging subreddit. Competitive swingers. Competitive swingers game ideas? Recently became aware of the rock, paper, sick oars trend. I think they've just disastrously. I think they might mean scissors. Misspelled scissors in a way I can't even understand. They've transposed the middle two S's for the C that should have been after the first S. Yeah. Unbelievable. Rock, paper, scissors, trend. Where the winner gets to play with a third while the other person has to complete some task. Brackets. Running a lap or waiting a minute, etc. Basically mild forms of reward and punishment. That is the least erotic thing I've ever heard in my life. So you play rock, paper, scissors. The winner gets to fuck your wife and you do like some push-ups or something. Yeah. You have to go outside and jump rope for five minutes. Christ. While some other guy is shooting ropes. I went five times around the house. Yeah. Can I have a turn? Can I now fuck my wife, please? And you're like, no, go around again. I didn't see the last one, buddy. I didn't see the last one. I sang Twinkle Twinkle Little Star while I was in the other room by myself, naked. Sort of trying to idly maintain my boner. Can you like, let's be honest here, okay? Let's cut the shit. Yeah. You're in a group sex situation. You're having a threesome. Awesome. Congratulations. That fucking rules. Having sex with two people at once. That's dope. Yeah. And you're like, okay, guys, we're going to rock, paper, scissors again. Oh, we all did scissors. Where Americans love to play drinking games. Yeah. Just drink. The game is drinking. Put it in your mouth. You just drink the alcohol. You're an adult person. You can just drink the alcohol. Stop doing your scissors, paper, rock. But you let up for sex, for group sex. Just put that penis in your mouth. Stop fucking around. God. Hey, I know we're all rearing to go, but we don't want to go too quick, too hard. Hey, let's do something silly for a little bit. Hey, I know. Hear me out. Sex silly. Duck, duck, goose. Oh, this is. Okay. It's just something so horrible about. You've gone through like the foreplay. You know, you sat down for a glass of wine first. Someone's put on like a nice record, the candles. And then you've like, you've gotten over the hesitancy. You've all started moving in towards each other. You've taken off your clothes. You've all started making out. Oh, it's so sexy in there. And someone's like, ah, time for a little game. Time for a little game. They already made a swinger sex game. It's Twister. Yes. Yeah. That's what it's for. You pretend that you're really drunk after having had like one largest glass of Shiraz. And you go, oh, this is crazy. But what if we played strip Twister? And then bam. The threesome's happening. You don't have to play the game anymore. The game was just a means to an end. You throw the little spinner thing far away from you because you don't need to touch that shit because you're having group sex. Congratulations. Plus it's pointy. Yes. And it'll get you. It's risky. Ah. Sorry, I got cut. Just. Come on. Hey, let's get the Ouija board out. See what happens. Now we're talking. Let's get in a fourth. Let's play sex guess who. Oh, another wrong guess. I get to fuck your wife. Why don't you go in the other room and watch a couple of episodes of Adventure Time. Let's say three because they're only 10 minutes long. What if you go play a few rounds of Fortnite and that's your sex game? Yeah. Oh, we're withholding from you. And you're playing Fortnite. You love Fortnite. You love Fortnite. And I love fucking your wife. Everybody wins. I've found many icebreaker games for swingers. He gives one example. Sexy Jenga. What sexy Jenga? What are you talking about? If you make the tower fall over, you get to have one sex. What the. I hate that. I hate it. It's an icebreaker exercise. So surely it's like. Oh, it's pre-sex? Oh, it's even worse. If you make it fall over, you have to take like an item of clothing. Oh, does every. They have something written on them or something? It's worse than you think everything's got like. It's. You can buy it on Amazon and it's like the Jenga tiles say like, bring out a toy of your choice. Blow me. Okay. I'm looking at the. Another Amazon one here. That's. This is so good. Let's take a bubble bath. Okay. Like in the middle of the game. These are really big. These are really big. Do you know how long it takes to run a bath? Yeah. Tease your partner's nipple. Honey, can you come over here for a second? Those two are very different. But this one is great. Give five minutes of sex. What do you mean? Let me just give you five minutes of sex real quick. Just a quick five, type five. Can we do a type five? I'm just going to give you a type five. Set an alarm for five minutes. Oh, this sucks. This fucking sucks. What are you people doing? Oh. Stop after five minutes? Oh, yes. Okay. So like the third result for me was actually a link to R-Swingers of someone who made simplified sexy Jenga. So this is, they have written their own on an existing sort of a blank. Perfect. On a Jenga blank. Lick slash kiss neck right. Lick slash kiss neck left. And then those two repeated. Lick slash nibble ear left. Lick slash nibble ear right. Remove an article of clothing. Fake an orgasm. Just a peck. That's in quotation marks. Yeah. Do you think they mean on the genitals? Maybe. Or literally just like a really chased kiss. Maybe it's just a chased kiss. Hey, come over here, Brian. I know we didn't say that this was like a bisexual one, but I'm willing if you are. I'm going to peck you. I'm going to peck you, Brian. You better purse those lips because you're about to get pecked. The shortest, lightest kiss in history. Describe a sexual fantasy. Make out 15 seconds. Demonstrate fave sex position. Dry hump. And someone could just cut Ben's voice into like pieces for this last bit and maybe just put this on a randomizer for your own sexy part. I'm going to peck you, Brian. I'm going to peck you, Brian. Dry hump. Dry hump. You've got to dry hump you, Brian. Close two eyes. An ID and ass by fondle. Oh, so this is like a group, right? This is for groups. Where you presumably have had sex with everyone in the group. Yeah. And they're saying left or right as in the person sitting to your left or the person sitting to your right. Oh, okay. I thought it just indicated the neck or the nape you were kissing. Left neck. Right neck. Quote, wandering hands. 15 seconds. Oh, okay. Straddle. Fondle self. Eye contact. Nah. Spank. No. Yeah. Mm-mm. One redeeming feature of this post is that they've done it on a stable table. The thing we were talking about the other day. Are you serious? Yeah. It's on one of those beautiful... It's actually on a timber-paneled stable table, which is quite nice. Wow. Okay. Wonderful. Good Lord. Sorry. I found many icebreaker games for swingers. Sexy Jenga. But not many. Any recommendations or games you've developed for this? Thanks. I've got a couple of replies here. This one is just genuinely someone doing a funny reply. Commander Format Magic the Gathering. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Great. Another one here. We have made ourselves the Erotogame Swinger Edition. It's German... Oh, sorry. Let me do this in the right accent. We have made ourselves the Erotogame Swinger Edition. It's German only as far as I know, but it has a competitive character. You have to reach the top on the game board without reaching an orgasm. On the way to the top, you have some action cards to draw. In the beginning, it's all about getting nude, then petting, and at the end, full-on sex and full swapping. Credibly German. You imagine what the commands are like on a German sex spieler. On a German sex board? Yeah. Oh, do we want to use the sex and spiel that we have? It is good sex spieler. 15 minuten max. This card says Einer Penetration. Give your partner one sex. Oh, all right. You got it. Touch ass. One more reply here. The only games we've ever played are usually related to orgasms. What do you mean? We've been playing our orgasm games in our sensual sexatorium that we have. Don't act like you're too cool for this comment thread. Everyone in the comments, other than the people I've chosen, is acting too cool for it. They're all calling this guy like a nerd, but they're like, no, we generally just like suck each other off. Oh, okay. What are you talking about? All right. Yeah. So there is still like normal people in the swinging community. I thought you were joking about eroticious sex spiel, by the way. No, that's real. That's what the website says. Yeah. I remember being like, as a kid, seeing one of the James Bond movies where the henchmen are German and like one of the guys is reading a porto mag that had sex spieler. Big letters across the front. Stuck with me forever. Yeah. This, I don't know. Maybe you've been married for a long time and you need these prompts or whatever, but come on. Just don't be cringe. Just be cool about it. Just be sexy. That's what I'm saying this week. Just be sexy. Hey, if you're having sex, be sexy with it. Don't be like a nerd about it. Stop trying to ruin sex for the rest of us by making it sound deeply unappealing. Like, you finally convince your neighbours to have sex with you and you're like interrupting them to be like, oh, we have to play snakes and ladders. I'm shaking my head at these people. Yeah, you are. No, that's everything we do. It's normal. Yeah. We are sexy in our own ways that we don't talk about openly on the show. Don't speculate about it. It's weird. It's weird. It's a weird thing to do. It's a really, really weird thing to do. Hey, that was definitely an episode of the podcast. Bunte Vista, thank you so much for joining us. If you haven't signed up to the Patreon, I recommend it because those bonus episodes, I often have more time to put the notes together for the bonus episodes just because of the days we record on. So sometimes they're the better episode. I don't do that on purpose. I have a complicated and annoying schedule. It just works out that way sometimes. And we have fun there. We can be a little more ourselves because I'm so. Worried about saying something on here that will upset someone, hurt someone's feelings. I don't want to make anyone feel bad. You know? Don't want to offend anyone. We're unmasking on there. You know? Yes. Yeah. You know what? This feels a little bit like work. The bonus episodes feel like play. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They just come out of us unbidden. Yeah. Ooh, the jokes come out. We will catch you maybe on the bonus episode and hopefully on the next free episode unless you decided that this one was it for you. And if so, it was lovely having you. It was nice having you. I don't blame you. Thanks for sticking it out. Not everything is for everyone. You know? Stay safe. Talk to you soon. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.