 Welcome to Buena Vista episode 367. I'm Theo. I'm the closest thing to what you might call a sheriff of this town or mayor or something like it. Not that anyone listens to me. I just try my best to keep this little patch of the wasteland somewhat civil and make sure the beer caravans arrive largely unmolested. It ain't much. It's about as good as it gets out here. Well, that is to say it was about as good as it gets out here. To the best of my kin, well, you know those vaults out there? Bunch of rich folk for the war got all dug into the ground with their cousins and whatever they could carry down there. They got shot up in there for generations, I guess. And I kind of think they're just sort of like brewing in there, culturally speaking, like moonshine made out of golden gecko shit. To what pops out is one of the weirdest nerdlings you've ever seen. Might as well have a big sign over them saying Raider Buffet. Well, pop out they did. I figure something tripped in those vaults all at once. Because it feels like we're getting swarmed with these folks. Look at this fella here. Tells me by the end of things in his vault, all they had to watch was a holotape stuck in the player. It would only play the part of Eastern Promises, where a guy gets jacked in the sauna. That was sort of their training video for fighting like as well. Anytime he gets into an altercation around here, appears to be on the regular, he immediately starts stripping down to nothing but a wet towel. Starts rolling around so everyone sees his asshole and balls the whole time until they give up. Out of there, Andrew. Howdy. Them's fighting words. Nasty. I think canonically you have to be doing Viggo Mortensen's Russian accent, because that's how you would have learned to talk. Talk as well, yeah. Them is fighting words. Beautiful. Off come the pants. Pointing at my neck with two fingers. Yeah. And this next fella, well, you'd think he'd be better than the last. Certainly figures he'd be less trouble around here, but ends up giving everybody the absolute heebie-jeebies. Says his grandpappy and co. Had to go into the vaults before things were fully ready. Had the walls and floors and such, but hadn't put up any entertainment or pictures or books or nothing in there. Didn't even manage to print a number on their vault clothes before they locked that big door into place. Absolutely zero signifiers or symbols. You getting me? As a result, he's come out kind of blank-like. Well, here's the fella now. You'll see how'd he been. Well, we still had language, right? I mean, you would have had like oral tradition and stuff. Yeah. We just didn't have a system of writing or a system of symbols. So I guess I'd just be looking at everything going, what's this here? I wouldn't even ask, what does that mean? Yeah. What is this? How come there's a shape there? Someone don't stain the wall. No, that's the name of the store. Just looking at every letter and be like, are there more of these or is it just a one? There's only one B and it's here on this side. No, no, there's 26 of these. No, not in total. 26 unique ones. You only get to use them once. Yeah. How do you choose what you want to use them for? No. Okay. So when you, when you put them all together in different combinations, then they mean. So, okay. So meaning. Yeah. It can't mean. You gotta, yeah. It changes what they is, but the thing they is, isn't what they are. Okay. So there was this artiste by the name of René Magritte. Oh man, I saw something yesterday, Theo, that made me think of you. It was a viral Twitter post, uh, that was about the trope of the, like, uh, three kids in a trench coat pretending to be an adult or whatever, where they were like, and sometimes I feel a bit like that going into work because of adulting. Yeah. Because of adulting. Yeah. Yeah. And his hairless penis. Yeah. Because of my hairless childlike penis. Fellas, you ever shave and then look down and go, who am I? Uh oh. No, I've only shaved once for my vasectomy. In your whole life? We don't need to do this. Just because Lucy is away doesn't mean we need to immediately start. We're going to get nasty. Yeah. I just like keeping it tidy. All right. Here's the post that I saw yesterday. So the post was, we need to figure out how the image of three children in a trench coat passing as an adult, something which has never happened, entered humanity's collective consciousness. So all of the replies were people being like, oh, it's in the Little Rascals movie from the 90s or sort of explaining where they think the first historical incident of it is. And then, but the original poster, the OP replies there being like, yeah, but where did humanity get the idea from? Like we made the cartoons. And what I've realized is that they're one of the hosts from Embassy Town. And the actual question they're asking is, how did we come up with this if it doesn't really exist? Like from thinking? Yeah. If it didn't happen in reality, how did we come up with the idea? Everything's based on something, right? Funny. Like, no, it's the, they're pretending to be something that they're not. Yeah. We just thought of it. We thought, we imagined it using our imagination. It's a story that we invented. Not once. Have I seen a real person be struck hard enough on the head with a piano that when they open their mouth, all their teeth had become piano keys. Yeah. Perhaps, perhaps alien intervention. Yeah. What possible explanation could there be? Men in the, in the fifties standing in their backyards, pointing at the moon going, ain't nothing there and never will be. Yes. So funny. Anyway, sometimes you just come across people on the internet where you're like, wait, what are you? Yeah. Hang on. How do you, how does your brain work? You guys see that? This is a different conversation than I thought we were having. Yeah. I thought it was very simple. I thought it was someone just being like, who invented this? And it's like, when did this come first? Like the fucking bucket list thing. Yeah. But like, how did we come up with the bucket list? No one's ever got a, man. I got, got by one of those the other day that wasn't bucket list. It was something else. And this is going to drive me absolutely crazy. But you know what? If I remember it later in the episode, I'll say what it was, but it was someone being like, actually this thing only came from a movie relatively recently. I was like, that can't fucking be right. I've definitely heard it. Oh, call memory. Someone said that the phrase call memory came from inside out. I think people are just using that adjective to mean core to your personality. Right. Like like a defining memory. Yeah. I don't think people only ever got it from that. I also don't really, I'm not familiar with the phrase. I haven't seen inside out. I'm saying that something was like a core memory for you, like a formative memory. No, I say low bearing memory. Yeah. Structural. Yeah. Very strange. But then I guess this would also be how people would get got with bucket list because they wouldn't have seen bucket list, but they would have heard. I don't know. Who knows? Memetics. Probably, probably Richard Dawkins. We should get that guy on. Yeah. He's got a lot of good stuff to say. From a Reddit r slash ask science. Are core memories a real thing? No, not really. Well, there you have it. Thanks, Reddit. Hey, finding out something that you thought to be true, wasn't true at all. For some of us, that would be the one thing that we didn't want to happen. And that's the sort of thing that we explore on. This is the one thing we didn't want to happen. This is the one thing we didn't want to happen. The story was sent in to us by listener Theo. Thank you, Theo. Although he sent me the Gizmodo article that just linked to the ABC article. So I chose the ABC article. Yeah. So really, you're the one who found the story. I think I kind of brought the story. Actually, Theo, I didn't want to say this to you. Also, because you sent the message while I was, I was quite drunk. So I didn't bother replying. I had already seen this several days earlier and discounted it, but then we were running out of time this morning and I thought, Hey, why not treat yourself? Why not treat myself, the listener, and most of all, Theo, this is from the Australian broadcasting company. Corporation. Corporation. Corporation. Corporation. How come everything's got to be a corporation? Yeah. Why couldn't it be a co-op? What happened to co-ops? Yes. Yeah. I think they mostly focus on online multiplayer. Hackers take control of robot vacuums in multiple cities. Yell racial slurs. Oh, yeah. First up, I got to hear what the slurs are. Okay. Before I pass any judgment. I'm going to tell you. They will tell you. Are they rumours wheeling around yelling cracker? You know, is that a problem? Unfortunately, not. It's not cracker. Just let's get to the heart of the matter. About as severe though. It's close. Yeah. Whatever vacuums are piss, right? Yeah. Like, they suck shit. They don't work. They're awful. They don't really get any good coverage. They're horrible. Actually, I think when they go over shit, they just kind of mush it up and drag it all through the house. Just leave a trail. Yeah. We bought one when we had the kids, because, like, we weren't getting anything done. And it just sort of, like, fucking, well, one, it makes the kids freak the fuck out. Yeah. And, because they're racial slurs. Yeah. But ours does not go on the internet. Let's be clear about that. Oh, smart. Ours does not have any sort of artificial intelligence. It just bumps into things repeatedly for about an hour and a half until the job that it was trying to do is sort of done. So, much like me, in a way. Yes. Yeah. But also, no racial slurs. Not so much like me. So, you haven't found a lot of efficacy in its cleaning. I mean, look, it comes back with a shitload of dust in its stomach. So, it's doing something. It's doing something. Yeah. What it's doing, I don't know. It comes back saying, oh, my tummy. I'm so rounded. Hey, while this is the Good Tweets Roundup show, I did see a great tweet the other day about, so I said a piece of their RoboVac fell off and then it ate it. It ate itself. Self suck, little freak. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, what's the matter? Did your Bluetooth vacuum robot develop autophagia? The effect of robots were all Chinese made EcoVacs. Sorry. Yeah. All right. I have to lean on that quite so hard. Now, now let's balance the good tweets with a bad Tumblr post saying, hey, actually, it's better when Google steals my data versus, you know, a Chinese company, because I know Google's selling my data to advertisers and the government, but who knows what they're doing with it over there? Like, what the fuck does that leave? Yeah. Like, that's, who else? Selling it to your friends? Like, people, like, individuals in your life? What are the other options? Somebody, somebody's printing it out and just like, calmly putting it into a filing cabinet in their office and going, that's that done. Yep. Sending an email to like my friends, how much my Yuffie, like, vacuums from the floor. Like, Theo's house is dusty as shit. Do not go there. It's nasty in there. And this vacuum, it's barely helping. The effective robots were all Chinese made EcoVacs D-Bot X2s, the exact model that the ABC was able to hack into as proof of a critical security flaw. Okay. Kind of a little humble brag there. That's awesome. What do you reckon the, what do you reckon the hacking is? Are they literally just visiting a website that's, yeah, like default admin password for EcoVacs D-Bot X2s or whatever. Admin, admin, bam, you're in. 127.0.0.1, bam, you're on your hotel's router. It's probably admin, admin, bam, get in there, turn off everybody else's internet, change the admin password. You've got the only internet in the hotel. Go crazy. And Ben's taken some creative liberties. Oh, sorry, that was the address that you might be using. That was stupid. 192.168.1.1. Okay. All right. We got there eventually. Sorry. Or, everyone knows 127.0.0.1 is the loopback address. We know. Yes. 192.168.0.1 sometimes works as well. Yes. Minnesota lawyer Daniel Swenson was watching TV when his robot started, to malfunction. Quote, it sounded like a broken up radio signal or something. He told the ABC, you could hear snippets of maybe a voice. Now that, that is kind of cool because to me, that sounds like, you know, when, uh, that trope that's in like alien movies, UFO movies, when like a craft gets near and all the electronics start going haywire. Yeah. You'd be like, Oh shit. The sources are coming. Turns out. No. Well, maybe, uh, maybe it sounds like you're getting a, uh, signal from the future, like in Prince of Darkness. Yes. Messages from the year 2000. Yeah. If my Roomba starts delivering me the message from Prince of Darkness, I am freaking out. Yeah. Like there, there are devils in this world. Suddenly believed. That'd be such a good thing to do. Just start broadcasting. People say, this is not a test. This is a message from the future from the year 2000. You will die on the 32nd of December. Uh, through the Ecovacs app, he saw that a stranger was accessing its live camera feed and remote control feature. Now that's not good. I might be jacking it. Actually, I'm not jacking it if the robot's on. You turning the robot off if you're jacking it? Facing him towards the wall. You don't want to see this little fella. Put a towel over him. All I can think about is all the fun messages you could deliver to people in their home. One of you is an imposter. Yeah. And there's certainly some, there's, there's all kinds of variations of fun messages you could deliver. You are being followed. Everyone you see is a plant. You are being gang stalked. Go to r slash gang stalking. Did you ever see the Truman Show? Your life is just like that. This is the only way I can reach you. I am hacking into your Roomba from Langley, Virginia, the CIA headquarters. You are instrumental to our requirements in fighting off the Chinese menace. Put all of your life savings in a shoebox. Bring it to the front door. Kill Joe Biden. Kill Joe Biden. Kill Joe Biden. Kill Joe Biden. He's still alive, by the way. He's still, yeah. Still technically alive. Yeah. Efforts. Dismissing it as some kind of glitch, Mr. Swenson reset his password, rebooted the robot, and sat back down on the couch beside his wife and 13-year-old son. A lot of world building going into this. I love my 13-year-old son. It almost feels like they're setting up the age of the son for something that's about to happen. I'll go on then. Almost straight away, it started to move again. This time, there was no ambiguity about what was coming out of the speaker. A voice was yelling racist obscenities, loud and clear, right in front of Mr. Swenson's son. Now, his wife, she can handle hearing a racial slur. She's fine with it, yeah. But that 13-year-old boy? Yeah. She's no wilting lily. Not in front of Derek, my beautiful Derek. Yeah. Derek didn't know that racism existed right up until this point. Now I have to explain it to him, and that's going to take some work. You think you live in an internet-connected household and your 13-year-old has not heard these slurs. Got it. Yeah. Has he got any Call of Duty games at all? If not, you've got to get him some. He's not going to, he should be finding out about it from a robot. Yes. Yes. Should be finding out about it from fellow teens. Quote, F star, star, star, N star, star, star, star, star, star, S screamed the voice over and over again. Yeah. Over and over again. Quote, I got the impression it was kid, maybe a teenager speaking, said Swenson. Oh, wild. They were just jumping from device to device, messing with families. Yeah, it's called slur hopping, and teens are doing it all across America. But like, the problem is, if, you know, teens can get onto an internet connected device and yell the N word at other people all day, but that's just on like Xbox Live, where they're yelling at another internet connected 13 year old. They should be on Roblox monetizing it. Yeah. It's going to be so cool when this starts happening with the Optimus robot inside everybody's house. Yes. You're talking about that. Is that what the Musk one is called? Yeah. Is that the Optimus? The fucking, yeah, the mechanical Turk, yeah. That shit sucks. That shit sucks so fucking bad. That shit sucks so bad. Do you see the guys online? They're like, I'm putting another 10 million. I'm all in on Elon. Now, for what? I love you, sir. Smoochie, Smoochie. Smoochie, Smoochie. But, man, I'm going to kill that robot bartender. What the fuck? I don't know. I really like the idea of waiting 15 minutes for my beer to get poured. very slowly and effeminately. Okay. Like, what does the robot, like, anthropomorphic bartender do that, like, be like fucking one of those horrible self-serve beer places. Just do that. If you're trying to get rid of the people, have like a, you tap your card and then you pour your beer. And then, you know, the person that drank it goes home and kills themselves because they're so lonely. But, yeah. But the robot doesn't ask for a 10% tip is sort of what I saw. So, it's going to save us a lot of money. Yeah. I mean, there's going to be a guy or gal these days. You know, they let them work with robots. Okay. It has been historically a male dominated industry for the worse. The robot industry? Yeah. Yeah. True. The robot piloting industry. Inroads are being made. Yeah. But like, there's, there's got to be someone there like watching this fucking thing and like, I don't know, putting a fire out when like beer gets in its machinery. Like, like, how is this? Anyway, it's so fucking stupid. Yeah. Like we're so far from this being a workable anything. Yeah. That like the, even showing off the prototype is fucking stupid. Like that, that's going to be a good cost saving solution for the humble restaurateur when they cost like less than a car. Yeah. And they're not going to cost less than a car for like 50 years. And also they don't do anything worthwhile. Yeah. This is just, you know, and, and they'll all need maintenance and recharging and all that shit. But like, this is just where we're at with tech stuff now, isn't it? Is that like new stuff doesn't actually happen. We just get like a dummied up version of a thing and get told how cool something will be at some point. We're going to do something about tech guys. We're going to do something. We're going to do something about those guys. We've got to activate some people about tech guys. There's a, um, a thing, a term that I really liked that. Oh yeah, dude uses a lot to describe this of living in demo world where like you just constantly shown demos of stuff, but the thing never comes to fruition or it just doesn't really ever work. Like the robot vacuum cleaner is still demo world to me because you're like, wow, it's an autonomous vacuum cleaner. It's like, well, kind of. Yeah. We haven't kind of sorted out the problem of bumps or cables yet, but another $4 trillion in research and we might get them to go up a slight incline. Can we, have we, is there, sorry, I'm trying to Google robot vacuum cleaner that can do stairs. Yeah. Did we figure that out? I think it was too dangerous. Yeah. For us and them. Yeah. There's no hiding at that point. Oh, okay. You should just carry your robot up the stairs. Ben's has found a remarkable video from Dahar and Sat. This is actually kind of cool. I, you know, for all the negative things I was just saying, this has like a very. Technology is good now. Yeah. I'm on board. What is this? It's called the Ascender, which is definitely. I am not having a robot called the Ascender in my house. You know, the original Ascender, Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. That's right. Invite him into your house instead. Yeah. I also, you stop naming robots things that would be cool if they were the robot race to conquer us. Yeah. I was only 13 when the Ascenders took over. Yeah. When we were dominated by the Ascenders. Yeah. So on and so forth. Probably wouldn't happen if we called it the Robo Bitch. Yeah. You know? I don't think we're going to get conked by something called like the Bawple or whatever. Yeah. Oh, my Bawpler has turned against me. I don't think it has. It's called the Bawpler. The Bawplers have taken up arms. I don't think we're going to get taken over by cyber dummies, you know? Man. Okay. In fairness, so the Ascender, I think only exists as like a 3D model prototype. Demo world. Okay. Demo world. Yeah. Well, pre-demo world. Pre-demo. The second time around, he turned it off. Despite the slurs, Mr. Swenson was glad that the hackers had announced their presence so loudly. Oh, so you were glad that the robot yelled racial slurs? Yeah. The worst one? Well, I mean, if they hadn't, then the robot could just be there listening. Silently muttering racial slurs. To the racial slurs he was saying. Uh, it would have been so much worse, he said, if they had decided to quietly observe his, observe his family inside their home. They could have peered through his robot's camera and listened through the microphone without him having the slightest clue. Quote, it was shock, he said, and there was almost like fear, disgust. Uh, while his son didn't quite grasp the creepiness of the encounter, Mr. Swenson was taking no chances. Yeah, his son doesn't give a shit. It's like, the robot's being funny. Yeah. The robot is logged into Halo Infinite. Hey, that robot sounds just like my friend Jake from school. That's so much like my friend Jake from school. I could swear. It's Jake. Jake, if the microphone's still on, is that you, Jake? Uh, he took the device to the garage and never switched it on again. Okay. Yeah. Don't put this shit on the internet. Yes. What are you, fucking stupid? Yeah. Oh, my fridge is online. What? What's it doing on there? What? Why? Oh, do I need milk? Uh, let me just, uh, log into my fridge while I'm driving. Yeah. Shut up. Also, the fucking, the milk doesn't come from the fridge. It comes from the store. The fridge is not the thing that needs to be ordering the, the milk. Yes. Yeah. What is the deal? It's none of my fridge's business. What's in it? Yes. Yes. Shut up and swallow. My fridge doesn't need to know. It doesn't need to like have any sort of awareness. Not of it's inside, not of the outside. Why did your fridge have a camera on the outside? I would like my fridge to know when there is no gas in its compressor. That is the, the height. Oh, sorry. I wanted to know when the temperature is wrong. Number one. And number two, if there's enough gas in its compressor. And it doesn't tell me the second one. You got to fucking eat your vegetables before you get treats and like iPads in the screen saying like, press me to get cold water. Yeah. But Theo, here's how I want that communicated to me, right? Rather than my internet connected device, then like attempting to SMS me a notification about the thing. I simply want a small LED to come on inside the fridge. Like a little light. And in front of that is like a little symbol and it just backlights the symbol and the symbol says, yes. Yeah. Yeah. And if there's more than one thing to communicate, make it do like dots and dashes and I'll go and fucking Google the map, the model to see what it means. Like, yeah. Three blinks. Look up the manual. That's fine. Three flashes. What does that mean? Oh, it means I'm out of milk. So fucking stupid. Do you reckon anyone's got one of those things where it's like hooked up to Amazon or whatever the fuck or Instacart. And like, if your fridge detects, you have zero milk, it orders milk for you. Cause I know that it works well. Is anyone doing that? Anyone in the world got like a complicated, like if this, then that chain set up that goes, Oh my God, this guy's used three quarters of his baloney. I'm going to order him some baloney. And then baloney arrives. While we're talking about demo world, you reminded me about the fucking Amazon chain stores where you could walk in, pick up anything and walk out and they just charge your, your thing. And, you know, obviously the thought is, Oh, well they've got some sort of amazing technology. They've made leaps in, um, vision processing. Sort of. They use the most, the most high performance visual processor in the world. Yeah. Yeah. The human eyeball. A man. A bunch of them in the global South. Oh, and you fucking, you, there's a, there's a fun trend that's come up where people propose these options. And wouldn't, you know, every single time that the cost is kind of analyzed, it comes out to the cost of one person in the Philippines watching a screen. What was that other one where like four years ago, uh, Facebook announced that they had their like AI chat assistant that lived in like Facebook chat or whatever that could like book restaurants for you or like, you know, do like actual personal shopper. Yeah. Like a digital concierge was how it was sold. And then like last year, it's just like, ah, no, there was a man on the other end. There's actually, there always is. It's, it's mechanical Turks all the way down. Yeah. It's just, I hate it. I hate it so much. We actually just paid a guy in like Pakistan, like three cents to look at the two objects you have and tell you which one is a car and which one is a traffic light or whatever. Like no good. Well, and like we're saying all the time, this is, this is always pitched as like a way to replace this workforce. Yeah. You know, Oh, we can automate this stuff. People don't have to do these bullshit jobs. What they mean is like white people who want $20 an hour don't have to do these jobs. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. We, yeah, yeah. We've replaced these jobs. So don't even worry about it. Don't even think about it. Literally. Don't, don't think about it. Don't look into it. Certainly don't write about it in the newspaper that you work for. Try not to ask questions. Yes. It only leads to depression. Just accept this very cheap or free service that kind of, but not really works. Yeah. Isn't that cool? Wow. Tech. Don't worry. We're making a loss the whole time. multiple people, all based in the U S have reported similar hacking incidents within days of each other. On May 24th, the same day that Mr. Swenson's device was hacked, a D bot X2 went rogue and chased its owner's dog around their Los Angeles home. Oh, Pongo. Don't. You can't be doing this. You can't be like avataring for evil. I think they can be doing this. Fuck that. That sucks so bad. If I found out someone was like, I wouldn't have one of these, but if someone did this to Lou, my God, I would fucking taken them. See, I am thinking about. What if you only did it? What if you only did it when the owner was out of the house too? So you'd never know. I came home and my dog had like torn a hole in the bathroom wall. He framed the dog. Yeah. Bad dog. He's freaking out all the pissing all over the floor. Getting back to my robot vacuum cleaner again. The robot was steered from afar with abusive comments coming through the speakers. Like abusive comments to the dog. Idiot. You're stupid. You're a really stupid dog. You know that? Imagine you're the kid that finds out about slur jacking. Yeah. Like you wouldn't do anything else for a month. The fact that it all happened at the same time definitely makes me think that like someone posted something to 4chan of being like, Hey, here's a big list of, just click on it. I made a little UI so that you can just, bam, you're straight inside someone's robot. Have fun and be sure to be racist. If the picture comes up black, they're probably just in the cupboard. So hit F5, try again. Five days later, another device was infiltrated. Late at night, an Ecovax robot in El Paso started spewing racial slurs at its owner until he unplugged it. Why does the common thread have to be the racial slurs? Because it was posted on 4chan. Yeah. Unless, look, I'm just going to say. Unless the racial slurs are part of some sort of Pontypool virus for these Ecovax. That's how it's passed. This is actually, they have a linguistic vulnerability. If the robot hears racial slurs, it sort of breaks its programming. Yes, it's activated. Yeah. I think like, apart from the racial slurs being bad. Yes. Correct. Okay. We're 32 minutes in. What a clarify that. Apart from the racial slurs being bad. I also think like young fellas, I assume this is all young fellas. You are, you're giving away the game too soon. You know, you could be having more fun with this. If you actually want to torment a family in their home by, by cyber possessing, one of their electronics. I think as soon as you start yelling the N word, they go, Oh, dipshitted teen has taken over my thing. I'll just unplug it. Yeah. Yes. You're not, you're not leaving any time to kind of build. You're not making people question their sanity. You're just going, Oh, there's some, some fuckwood is being piped through my vacuum cleaner. I'll kill the vacuum. Scouting, hiding places in the bathroom. Like, I think you're not whispering anything. And then when somebody turns around and says, what was that? Just driving the robot away. You know, this is a classic, uh, the dots on the plane situation. Cause I think we're only hearing about the ones where they made their presence. I have been thinking this, but there are a bunch of other robot vacuum cleaners that are like, you know, the, um, the opening of the movie, the thing after the dog is in the base, how the camera just sort of follows it as it's like silently watching everyone in a very disturbing manner. That's what the bunch of these fucking robots are doing. They're just waiting, sitting unnaturally still camera light, sort of on swiveling around, looking at everything, taking it all in to what end, not entirely sure, but they're collecting data. They're observing. Check your Ecovacs D-Bot X2 by picking it up and throwing it at the ground as hard as you can. Yeah. This is also the PSA per segment for the day. Yeah. Just fucking kick the shit out of your robot vacuum cleaner. I just don't think it's helping you all that much. I could be wrong. I would love to be wrong about this. Maybe it's life-changingly helpful for you. And here's the thing. It's great advice because if, uh, if the thing like has been infiltrated, you have severed the connection. You severed the divine light between the operator and your home. Yes. You know, that's great. If it hasn't been infiltrated yet and you destroy it with, perhaps a ball peen hammer, you have slur protected your house. You've slur proved your home. You have averted slurs. Yes. For today at least. A slur averted is a slur. I don't know. Whatever. It's unclear how many of the company's devices were hacked in total. Six months earlier, security researchers had attempted to notify Ecovacs of significant security flaws in its robot vacuums and the app that controls them. Uh, the most severe, the most severe was a flaw in the Bluetooth connector, which allowed complete access to the Ecovacs X2 from over 100 meters away. Oh, that's a strong Bluetooth. So they have to like drive around slur jacking these? Well, they don't think that this was how they did the slur jacking. This is just another vulnerability. Another vulnerability. But it is very fun to, what, what was that thing called where people would like drive around sniffing for unsecured Wi-Fi networks? It's not Wi-Fi sniffing because that sounds stupid. Yeah. Whiffing. Whiffing. Yeah, probably that. Imagine you'd like, you're driving around sniffing for unsecured, uh, Ecovacs D-Bot X2s and being like, shit, shit, shit, shit, we got one. I got one on the hook. You get into the back of the van, you get on your comfy lounge chair that you've put in there and you just start taking a little cruise through people's houses. And then the racial slurs begin. Be a great way for, um, I was talking to a friend last night who, who works like with, um, uh, kids in jail, uh, imprisoned children. And she was talking about, uh, how these kids had been stealing and joyriding cars. Right. Right. Um, and one of, one of them had stolen and, uh, stolen a Bentley and, and driven it from, uh, here in Canberra to New South Wales before they were caught and arrested. And so they have like the nows to do the thing, but not the, um, but not like any of the sort of brain abilities to say what happens next, you know? Yes. Yeah. But, but I was saying like, so they've, they've, they've stolen the keys, right? That's the only way that you can steal a modern car is you've got to get the keys because everything has an immobilizer on it now. Yeah. Nobody's doing it. I understand the, the threat vector is currently, they walk around, uh, checking for unlocked front doors. That is exactly correct. And then they check for keys in the, on the front table to take, and then they take the car. It's a perfect, it is the perfect crime. When you really like a back to basics, like fundamentals, one Oh one. What the fuck are we doing here? Yes. Just get the car keys. Just get the car keys and go. Yeah. Just drive. Yeah. Be quiet and drive from here to Queenbeyan before anyone. We're going to make it to yes. This time. I guess, uh, I guess what I'm saying is that, um, you could potentially pilot the, you don't even have to try the front door. You could pilot the vacuum over and see if the keys are there. See if somebody else is like, you know, your keys land on top of the vacuum cleaner out the dog door. We got it. We got it. They're calling it Roomba bumping. Fucking rules. Oh man. Yeah. You should be stacking your crimes with this. Really? Don't just start hurling abuse at dogs. Like think a little. Yeah. What the dog even do to you? If you've got access, drive the wedge. Yes. Yeah. You've found a fatal flaw of their security, which is that their robot is yours now. And try and leverage that into a bigger crime. Like security's fraud or something. Uh, given the distributed nature of the attacks, the vulnerability is unlikely to have been exploited in this case. So they don't think it was the Bluetooth. It's very funny that it also has the Bluetooth problem. Yeah. Yeah. Cause children can't drive and they need the Roomba to get the keys to get the car to joyride. It's sort of a bootstrapping problem. Yeah. Yeah. Although I guess you could, you could, uh, Roomba sniff on your bicycle, I guess. Oh, that's true. Yeah. I think that is actually also. And if you steal the bike, if you steal the bike, you can just leave it there. When you take the car, you can just step up, you know? So good. It's like a skill progression tree. Yeah. Like in a video game. First things first, you steal a bicycle and then, you know, 20 levels later, you'd own half of Vice City. Yeah. You're a level 20 mayor. That's right. That's a really good image. Level one mayor. He's a really little guy that can't do anything. Level 20 mayor. And he's like throwing fireballs. Driving that stolen Bentley through the streets. Yeah. Fucking look, the only purpose for a Bentley should be getting stolen. Yes. That should be its natural state. Yeah. It's for people to say, oh no, my Bentley. Are you from the antebellum South? My Bentley. The pin code system protecting the robot's video feed and remote control feature was also known to be faulty. And the warning sound that is meant to play when the camera is being watched was able to be disabled from afar. Fantastic. Was the pin code thing just being like, we don't check how many times the pin's been tried? Yeah, probably. I assume so. Okay. These security issues could explain how attackers took control of multiple robots in separate locations and how they could have silently surveilled their victims once they'd gotten in. In the days following the instance... They're being silently surveilled. I want someone to say, I am watching you. So I know. You know? Yeah. I'm watching you. Be on my best behavior. I'm like, I'm like mowing, but like I'm doing it like really clean. Yeah. Because I know someone's watching me. Yeah. Because I know my robot has a man inside it now. Yeah. In the days following the incidents with his Ecovax robot vacuum, Daniel Swenson made a complaint to the company. The company told the ABC, it quote, found no evidence that the accounts were hacked through any breach of Ecovax system. Sometimes vacuums just do that. Sometimes that just happens. Sounds like a you problem. Yeah. User issue. Problem exists between robot and couch. That's right. Pebrack. Is he holding the robot on his lap? Even if Mr. Swenson had used the same username and password on other sites, and if those credentials had been leaked online, that still should not have been enough to access the video feed or to control the robot remotely. No. Oh, okay. Because shit shouldn't be on the internet. Yeah. It shouldn't be enough. Maybe it was. Yeah. These features are supposed to be protected by a four-digit pin. That shouldn't be like the linchpin protecting your cybersecurity. The four-digit pin. However, a pair of cybersecurity researchers revealed it could be bypassed at a hacking conference in December 2023. Dennis Geese and Braylon Lutke said on stage that it was based on a, quote, auto system. Please, Mr. Geese is my father. The pin code was only checked by the app rather than by the server or robot. Ah, bless you. Fucking more idiots. Which means that anyone with the technical know-how could bypass the check completely. They had warned Ecovax about the problem ahead of going public with the exploit. An Ecovax spokesperson said this floor has now been fixed. However, Mr. Geese told the ABC that the company's fix was insufficient to plug the security hole. If you've got one of these, throw it into whatever the closest river to you is right now. Yeah. The spokesperson also said the company, quote, sent a prompt email instructing customers to change their passwords following the incident. Ecovax said it would issue a security upgrade for owners of its X2 series in November. Awesome. That's not now. That's quite a long way away. Mr. Swenson said that he was not informed of the pin code issue in any of these communications with Ecovax. I asked them if this was a known thing, if it had happened to other people. They just act shocked like it hadn't happened. You boys are going to start telling me the truth or I'm going to start honking. I'm going to honk to the news. My born honker. Just contacting them and having someone go, uh, I can't, I can't even remember. Do we sell robots? Yeah. Let me ask around. Let me ask around. Vacuums. No. Vacuums. That doesn't ring any bells. Hey, those, uh, ethical hackers that try and find these vulnerabilities in consumer products, for them, it's kind of like a sport. We check out other sports in Sports Watch. Yes, welcome back to your favorite sports podcast. Yeah, we're mixing a couple of these lately. Mixing nerd content with jock content. Create the perfect podcast. Nobody's happy. That's right. If you're, um, if you're one of our musically inclined listeners, if you could do sort of like a, maybe like a liquid drum and bass version of Take Me Out to the Ball Game, I think that'd be a great stinger for this segment. But that's so specific. There's no way anyone could make that up for us. Please make that for us. This is from WLWT in Ohio. Viral baseball sensation Savannah Bananas coming to Cincinnati in June 2025. Thank God. Yes. That's what Cincinnati needs right now. Yeah. Oh, just as an aside, happy 75th birthday to Skyline Chili. Uh, I believe that's this month. I just saw that come up in the news because they got, they broke the world record for most photos of hot dogs posted to Instagram in an hour. Well done to them. The Savannah Bananas, a viral baseball sensation known for their unique style of play, are coming to the Queen City next summer. Is that what we call Cincinnati? To the city of Queens. The Queen City. The Queen City? Never heard that before. The team announced its 2025 Banana Ball World Tour on Thursday with a stop in Cincinnati scheduled for June 13th, 14th, 2025 at Great American Baseball Park. Banana Ball is played slightly different than traditional baseball. Great American Baseball Park? The Gabba? That's right. They're playing in the Gabba? That's what they call it. Featuring some strange rules that include every inning being worth a point. Whichever team wins, each frame gets one point until the last inning when every run counts. Okay. So I guess you have like a tie, not even a tiebreaker, but it's kind of like silly Quidditch-style rules where like the last thing is really the only thing that counts. I think it's cool they're making Blurn's Ball. Yes. Yeah. There is also no bunting allowed in Banana Ball and if a fan catches a foul ball, it counts as an out. That's good. That's fucking awesome. Yeah. That's fantastic. That's just an improvement. You imagine what happens in the stands where the people that like, because it would depend on whether or not which team you're going for. Yeah, which team did it. And if you're like, you know, maybe you're five or six beers deep. Yes. Definitely. Let's not say maybe. It goes up and you're like, ball, it's coming right at me. I could catch the ball. I could catch the ball. Imagine how hated you'd be if you had your season tickets for your team and you caught a ball that ruined your team's chances to win. But what are you going to do? Not catch the ball? Exactly. The instinct kicks in. You kind of, you got those reflexes that you've honed over a lifetime of playing catch. Yeah. Now's your moment. Yeah. Or you're trying so hard to stop it from being caught that you're just like throwing hands at everyone around you that's trying to get to the ball. Don't fucking catch that ball. Don't you touch that ball. Just lifting your shirt to show your concealed carry weapon to somebody who's about to catch a ball. Think about it. Originally a member of the Coastal Plain League, a summer collegiate league featuring some of the best collegiate players in the country. The Bananas left League Play in 2022 to focus on Banana Ball full time. It's like when your husband quits his very lucrative job to like focus on making ambient music full time. Yeah. Mark's been working on his projects for the last 18 months. Yeah. No, I think we've got enough to get us through. Yeah. I'm still working. I've picked up a second job. Yeah. I'm working nights as well now. But you know, no, he's, I think, I think someone... Banana Ball's got so much potential that we all believe in it. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. It isn't just rule changes that differentiate Banana Ball from a more traditional baseball game. Players perform choreographed dances, bats are set on fire, and the Banana Nanas senior citizen dance team perform to enhance the game day experience for fans. Yeah. I mean, I know they've got a lot of red tape to go through, but so far, everything sounds like this is better than before. Yeah. This sounds like an improvement on baseball. Yeah. For sure. This is sort of, the impression I get from this is that like, this is kind of the Harlem Globetrotters of baseball. Yeah. Sort of more entertainment than it is like the actual sport. Oh, they made it fun to watch? Yeah. Take that. Baseball. But does that mean that they have like, what teams are they playing against? Are they just picking local teams? No, there's a bunch of these teams, aren't there? Oh, I don't know. I thought the Savannah Bananas were the... This is a whole deal with like local teams that are dressed all funny and doing silly stuff. There are Banana Ball leagues? I thought the Savannah Bananas were the only Banana Ball teams. Oh, I was under a different impression. They need someone to play against. Yeah. I think the Savannah Bananas are the only Banana Ball team. The Banana Ball team? Yeah. They're an exhibition barnstorming baseball team. You don't hear about barnstorming much these days. We make baseball fun is their tagline. Okay. That just seems like a weird sledge for them to say. But who would they play against? Oh, until 2022, Ben, the Bananas competed as a collegiate summer baseball team in the Coastal Plain League's West Division. They then transitioned entirely to barnstorming exhibitions against their partner touring teams, the Party Animals, the Firefighters, and the Texas Tailgaters. Okay. to the decades-long format of basketball's Harlem Globetrotters and their partner touring team, the Washington Generals. Sweet. You could not have been more right, my friend. So the Party Animals, and what were the other ones? The Party Animals, the Firefighters, and the Texas Tailgaters. Well, be sure to check that out if you're in Cincinnati from June 13th to 14th. And we're assuming that you are. Yes. And hopefully that's a good time because otherwise if you bought tickets to that and it wasn't a good time, you might feel like you've been scammed. It's time for Scamwatch. Warning. Warning. Someone has successfully or unsuccessfully attempted a scan and must be judged. This is Scamwatch. This comes to us from SFGate. Skydiving instructor at California Center that's seen 28 deaths gets prison time. They should be keeping track of this I think before 28. Yeah, really didn't want to finish on this. The number is too high to be realizing at this point. Yeah. A California skydiving instructor who fraudulently trained new instructors at the Lodi Parachute Center in San Joaquin County including one who died while tandem jumping with an 18-year-old high school graduate in 2016 has been sentenced to two years in prison. It's real the blind leading the blind out of the door of a plane that is in flight situation. You know? Very much so, yes. Hey, do you know how to jump out of this thing? Probably. Sure. The jumping out part I got down pretty well down, Pat. It's the pulling the parachute thing. Man. Robert Pooley, 49, of Acampo was sentenced on Monday after being found guilty in May of running unauthorized tandem skydiving courses at the beleaguered site in San Joaquin County that has seen 28 deaths since 1985. So that's like a death every 18 months. And they're really not like they're not shutting it down in the face of any of that like one death. Like, well... Wouldn't the second one? Yeah. You'd be like, okay, what the fuck is happening here? You want to make an omelette? You gotta fumble some eggs. I mean, surely the third one. Drop them on the ground. Kill me in a skydiving accident once. Shame on me. Yes. You know? Also, is there some sort of like survivorship bias going on here that you can't write a bad review for a skydiving place on Yelp or whatever if you're dead? If you're kind of like just like a... kind of like a pancake splatter on the ground? Yeah. Whereas if you did survive, what's your problem? What's your problem? Have a great time. Yeah. It's like those dots on that airplane. Hey, you should appreciate this. You have no idea how many of my students die. I just... I'd like... So, when I went skydiving, part of the little mantra that I was telling myself before I got on the plane was just that like people just don't die skydiving. die skydiving. Because they wouldn't do it if people died skydiving. Yeah. Like if you like had read this story beforehand, you would realize that people do die skydiving. People do die skydiving. Apparently enough that 28 people in like 40 years wasn't enough for them to be like we cannot continue to train skydivers. Yeah. What the fuck? How often do people die skydiving that this wasn't like a blip on the radar? Did I barely get away with my life? After Pulley's certification as an instructor was suspended in 2015, he continued to train more than 100 new instructors using the digital image of the signature of another certified instructor to sign off on training courses. I mean, what's the worst that could happen? Yeah. It's not even just like incompetence. This is like malice. Yeah. This is murder. You can't get a different job. Like, fuck, man. It's all I know. And I don't know it very well. You know, sometimes there's like surgeons who either keep botching stuff or doing things that like they weren't actually meant to be doing during surgery. Yeah. And they're not really checking up on those either. Well, like all I'm saying is that if you are like a surgeon and my understanding is that like for some reason maybe it's fucking harder to get you out of there. But the surgeon also, I assume, had to like go to university and go to medical school and do all of that stuff and they got all their debt. They invest a lot of stuff. How much do you think it costs you to get into teaching skydiving? $1,100. How many years of university do you think? Man. Like you can get another job. I could understand a surgeon being like, sure, people keep dying, but like, honestly, I've put so much into this. The skydiving instructor guy? He's just doing it for the love of it. Man, if I was like a doctor... I just love killing my students. If I was a doctor or a surgeon who was one of the constant deaths one, I would take the easiest route to continued financial success or whatever and become a naturopath or some shit but keep the doctor in my name because I'm still a doctor. I'm just not practicing as a doctor. Yeah, that's right. Become one of the ones where it's acceptable to just fucking kill people all the time, like a chiropractor. If you don't know shit about anything, become a chiropractor. It doesn't matter. If you just want to injure people for your job, like make people's fucking lives and bodies worse, you just become a chiropractor. Yeah. And still charge a ton of money as well. Well, you're a doctor. You're a doctor. Yeah. It's like when you see... There was a lot of this during COVID where people would be like, well, look, I've got this testimony from this doctor here who says the vaccines are really bad that you look at it and you're like... And he's a geologist. Yeah, there you are. That's right. He's got a PhD in mineral science or whatever. You're like, oh, man, we should have come up with some different terms. Like, I think putting MD and PhD at the end is not enough. I think we should front load that stuff. You should say medical doctor or academic, sort of not very valuable to society kind of doctor. The other kind. With love to all our PhD having listeners. Which is approximately like 10% of our audience for some reason. No, you're all very important, very cherished. Actually, I believe I ran into one of our doctor listeners. Yes, I'm pretty sure he's got a doctorate. Anyway. Quote, Pooley falsely told students that he was a tandem examiner, the US Attorney's Office said in a statement Monday. after those deaths, numerous victims of bully scheme asked for their money back, but he did not repay them. That's the student's fault for misinterpreting that. What he means is that him and his friend will look at your dick at the same time. We will tandem examine what you got going on. Looks great, brother. I agree. Let's see what you're working with here. I hate it when they disagree, though. One of them thinks it looks great, the other thinks it looks like trash. They're doing Siskel and Ebert on your dick. Completely disagree. You think this is good? Are we even looking at the same dick here? Two thumbs down from me. Put that on your dating profile. Hey, that was definitely an episode of the podcast. Bunta Vista, thank you so much for joining us. If you want more of this in your life, you can sign up for the bonus episode that is patreon.com slash bunta vista. We got a random email saying that there's something fucked up with SoundCloud to Spotify connectivity, so if you are having trouble accessing this on the platform that you normally find it, that wouldn't make any sense because you wouldn't have heard this episode. That's right. Let's do a post on social media. If you made it here, congratulations. You have no problems. You might have some other problems. You have found the way to the end of the labyrinth. Oh, man, that was dumb. Hey, have a lovely day. We'll talk to you real soon. Bye-bye. Bye. We'll talk to you ми We'll talk to you ins as