Welcome to Fancy Movie Time!
No, we can't, no!
With me, I'm Mickey Mouse!
And I'm Fancy AJ!
And in this episode, we become nude and get blasted in the face with tiger tit milk
as we ascend to the surrealist peak of Alejandro Jodorowsky's The Holy Mountain!
Oh boy!
No, no, okay, Mickey Mouse is the intellectual property of the worst of all possible worlds.
We are not that!
We are Fancy Movie Time!
We are for legal and financial fraud reasons, a subsidiary that is wholly, somehow unaffiliated.
It's a lot of very complex filings, you'll have to ask Josh.
The truth of it is that Brian and I actually have to fly to the Cayman Islands every time
we record this show, which is why we only do it once a month.
Yeah.
We are hemorrhaging money to watch these movies for you.
It's way better.
Way better than Lad's Cast, because we have to go to Little St. James for that one.
Oh, yeah.
And, you know, my hot take?
Why not be bigger, Little St. James?
Because there's a big St. James.
Is there really?
That Epstein also owned, yeah.
Oh, no!
I hate, I hate.
Oh, wait a minute.
I hate giving you this information.
No, and my middle name is James, so am I technically in the flight laws?
My middle name is also James.
Am I the big James and you're the little James?
I'm the little James, because I just need to be held sometimes.
Because you're slightly shorter than me.
I am slightly shorter than you.
But you are much thinner.
No, it's, I mean, arguable at this point.
The last couple years have not been kind to AJ's torso.
Speaking of bare torsos.
Hold on.
What is your jacket size?
Oh, God.
Like, I know that off the top of my fucking head.
You just got married.
You should have a tailored suit.
Yeah, but I got that tailored suit, like, in February of last year.
Like, it takes time.
You don't know your jacket.
You're an actor.
You're supposed to have, like, a size card and shit.
I have it written down.
It's not like I have it memorized.
I'm a 38R, because I have very broad shoulders.
The R stands for regular.
Regular.
Yeah.
I'm going to keep you from getting in trouble here.
No, I was going to say Alford, and then I remember the R is at the end of that name.
So, everybody, you know, everybody always identifies with the second to last number of their name.
Number?
Number.
We're doing great.
You know why?
Because we just watched a really good movie that we like.
Yes, a really great movie that we loved.
We are talking, of course, about Alejandro Jodorowsky's The Holy Mountain, which came out in 90s.
Holy Mountain.
Oh, my God.
We have Far Cry 5 on the mind, apparently, too.
There was just a point in this movie where the alchemist and all eight of his protégés skateboard down a mountain while a theme song for a stuntman in Montana blares.
Holy Mountain.
This was a listener request.
And I hope you don't regret asking us for our thoughts on this movie.
I was really trying to hold off on this.
AJ was like, no, we should do it.
We keep getting asked.
And I'm like, I've seen this movie before.
I already have an opinion on it.
I didn't know that.
I didn't know.
I told you this.
Because, okay, here's my experience with The Holy Mountain.
Sure.
The first time I saw this movie was projected on the red brick wall of a hipster bar, which is probably the ideal viewing experience of it.
Well, it's got a Christmas story vibe where you should just probably check in every once in a while, see what's going on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Less bull semen than a Christmas story has.
What do you think the snow was made out of?
Remember, they didn't have snow in a Christmas story.
You had to import so many bulls.
Just so many bulls.
Some of them half-skinned.
Oh, boy.
That's what we do at the Cayman Islands.
This film.
None of those bulls are indigenous to the Cayman Islands.
Let's talk a little bit about, you saw this projected on a wall, obviously, but do you have any other experience with Alejandro Jodorowsky beyond this?
Like, have you seen Jodorowsky's Dune, that documentary?
Yeah, I've seen Jodorowsky's Dune.
Okay.
Which gives you a pretty fucking uncut dose of that guy and who he is.
He sure is a guy.
He's a very multidisciplinary artist, sort of like Salvador Dali, right?
Like, he...
Yes.
So, performance art, theater, sculpture, comic books, mime.
And you see all of that on display in basically everything he writes.
That's why Jodorowsky's Dune is an interesting thing because the very small circulation that it got was essentially just as a comic book.
They sold the storyboards, right?
Which were drawn up by the French artist Mobius.
I love his strips.
Very, very stylized.
Different Mobius.
He's named himself after that Mobius.
Oh, I see.
Mobius, who made the strips, of course, is a 19th century topologist.
Of course.
Yeah, not to be confused with the Mobius of the Friedrich Durenmott play, the Physicists, who is not based on that Mobius in the way that Einstein and Newton are based on Einstein and Newton.
He's a totally original character.
And not to be confused with a Jared Leto vampire that's Morbius.
Oh, yeah.
Do not confuse those two.
No.
That led to some really bad shit for me personally.
I watched Morbius on a plane.
And here's the thing.
I watched a movie on a plane.
I'm pretty much always all for it.
I cried watching Venom on a plane.
Like, that is how bad I am when I get above a certain altitude.
Like, my brain just shits itself entirely.
And even me watching Morbius on a plane, I was like, this is bad.
This is a bad, bad film.
It's interesting because I actually think a lot about what this show set out to do, which was to introduce myself to a lot of movies that I just had never seen.
The arthouse scene, films like Morbius.
And what really has happened is that we've watched a lot of movies that I'm just like, no, this is actually pretty straightforward.
I wouldn't consider this, like, a truly artsy, artsy movie.
Except for maybe Jeanne Dielman in quite the way that I would always imagine.
And then we sat down and watched this.
And I'm like, oh, okay, no, this is the one.
Like, this is what was in your head in some way.
In some way or form.
I think this is what in most people's head when they think about an art film.
It's this kind of surrealistic, more image-based, less story-focused experience that you might catch at, like, an arthouse theater in, let's say, Hillcrest, California.
Yeah, this is definitely following more in the vein of something like the Andalusian dog, again, Dali Bunuel.
Oh, sure, sure, sure.
Or Maya Darin's work, like Meshes in the Afternoon, where it's imagistic.
It's almost just sort of a sequence of images telling a story.
And the story is not necessarily going to be straightforward.
And a lot of what surprised me about arthouse stuff as well going into it is how much of it is, especially like Jeanne Dielman, it's oppressively realistic.
Right.
It leans so far into the other direction.
But this is something that I think is what someone has in their head when they're thinking of what an arthouse film is going to be.
Although it certainly looks like it has a much bigger budget than those things.
Yeah, and this thing was made for apparently $775,000.
Yeah, like not even a million.
I guess a dollar goes pretty far in Mexico in the 70s.
Yeah, his previous film, El Topo, led Alejandro Jodorowsky into this, let's say, controversial territory because he decided to market it in perhaps the worst way imaginable.
Yeah, or the best way imaginable.
I mean, he crossed the line.
He crossed what he called the cactus wall.
He's Chilean, but he's made most of his Latin American movies in Mexico, if not all.
I don't know if he's ever made anything in Chile.
And El Topo is this sort of surreal Western starring Jodorowsky.
They call it an acid Western, which I think is a very badass name.
Starring Jodorowsky himself and his nude son, his nude child son.
He went to the U.S. and he was going around.
He would wear his costume and he would say, I'm a rapist.
I love raping.
And that's how he marketed the movie.
Yes.
That's not his only time talking about how much he loves raping.
So, like, he's walked back on his specific statements regarding El Topo, but, like, boy.
It's very clear he has a, let's say, complicated relationship with women that is mostly bad.
I buy his, like, being an edgelord, right?
Because that's sort of what watching this movie is.
It's like watching a 70s edgelord reaching out at the camera being like, you shocked?
And I'm like, yeah, kind of.
But the thing that saves this movie for me from being, like, I understand the artistic value of this film.
Because for all of the times where he's like, you're shocked, it does seem like he's having, like, an absurd amount of fun with just how outlandish he's being.
Yeah.
In a way that, like, it doesn't feel like someone's screaming, you triggered yet, you triggered yet, consistently.
It feels like there's a lot of times where it's just like, there is so much stuff in my head.
I have to get it out of my head and onto the screen all at once.
And in that way, it is very overwhelming visually, pretty much from the word go.
But, you know, we aren't the only ones to sort of think this about the film because it premiered at Cannes and started a riot, I guess, in 1973.
I feel like you did not like this movie as much as I did.
So I'm going to be, I'm going to take the, I'm going to say very tentative position of defending some stuff in this movie.
Sure.
But what I will say is that my first reaction midway through watching this movie was, am I going to be on a list?
Holy Mountain!
So the Holy Mountain kind of kicks off with some credits that are done in this sort of pseudo, like, Hindi lettering.
Yes.
You get, like, Buddhist chants.
And it's already, like, Jodorowsky is, like, this sort of priest-type character.
He's cutting two nude women's hairs in a very magnificently tiled room.
Yes.
And it's pretty much setting you up for what the whole movie is going to be minus maybe the last half hour.
It's going to be these big, colorful or textured sets, just very bombastic imagery and lots of nudity.
Lots of nudity.
The one thing that it doesn't key you in on is how much, like, fluid and feces there's going to be.
A shit ton.
And I think what I like about this scene is that the actual gesture work, I think, is very cool.
Yeah.
Like, he worked with Marcel Marceau, I know, a lot in his early days.
And you can really tell where that mime is, like, really coming through.
Because there's not a whole lot of dialogue in this movie until, like, the latter half.
We spend a lot of time just in weird, like, humming.
Like, there's this weird hum on the soundtrack consistently.
And you can, for the most part, get along and understand the story without the dialogue.
But goddamn the screaming.
There's just so much fucking screaming in this movie.
After this point, after these credits roll, we see, like, a guy in a loincloth.
Or no, no, no.
At this point, he still has pants.
He's in, like, these burlap pants or something lying, presumably dead, covered in flies.
And then he pisses.
And then there's, like, a...
The largest amount of flies you've ever seen on a human man.
Yeah, and then the largest amount of piss you've ever seen from a human man.
It just keeps going.
It, like, creates a whole, like, river of life that then entices an amputee and a bunch of nude children to come to him.
Because, yes, it's a Jodorowsky movie.
Can't have a Jodorowsky movie without amputees and nude children.
I would like to demonstrate for you now the noise I made the most consistently while watching this movie.
And it goes as follows.
Oh.
I kind of get it.
You know what I mean?
Like, I understand that, like, oh, the innocence of youth coming to, like, revitalize the savior or whatever.
But they don't need to be nude.
Yeah, on, like, indigeneity or something.
But, yeah, it's just, like, the thing is there's just a reality of, like, production.
It's actually the defense Jodorowsky gave against his statements where he said he raped an actress on set.
He's like, well, no, there's all these people on set.
There's people who have to rake the dirt to get the rocks and scorpions out.
There's all these people nearby.
And it's the same thing where it's, like, there are a lot of classic movies that have seen, you know, 400 Blows has just, like, a very brief shot of, like, the main character, like, getting out of the shower and jumping into bed.
Or, like, Ivan's childhood.
But it's, like, why have a nude child on your set?
Why have this happen at all at this place?
And not just one, but, like, so many.
Yeah, like 100.
And I don't know what Jodorowsky's own son, who's still an actor, still works today, thinks about that stuff.
I don't know if he's alienated from his father or anything like that.
I don't know if he considers himself to be abused.
But I would just say, like, I don't think it's a great workplace environment.
I think it's great for making movies to have, like, small children be completely naked and walking around like that.
Like, it's just goddamn, dude.
Well, it's about consent, too, right?
Like, there's no way that these kids could actually fully, knowledgeably consent to doing this.
It's just, and that's forever, right?
It's on film forever.
It's in a film that many people consider to be a classic film that people are going to watch for the rest of time.
And you were a child.
Yeah.
You know?
And I have staunch opinions about child actors in general.
Yeah.
Having been one, I think we shouldn't have them.
And you were an older one.
You were not, like, a little kid.
No.
You were in high school when you did the play that you did.
That was even weirder because everyone was like, we don't know what to do with you.
Are you seven?
Because I was one year from being 18.
So, like, should we act like an adult around you or should we try and, like, mentor this kid?
And the truth is you've got to give the brain time to cook.
And these kids just didn't have the consent.
So.
There was apparently another scene that involved a nude child that got pulled out of the film because the mother of that kid was, like, threatening to go after Jodorowsky legally in this movie.
Yeah.
Not great.
Not good stuff here.
No.
And it's, like, this is right off the bat.
Right?
Yeah.
Like, you've seen a pretty cool, like, set design scene and then it's just nude children.
Yeah.
Where Jodorowsky, I think, is stronger is in his more circus sensibilities.
I mentioned that, of course, there are amputees that tend to be in just about all of his movies or dwarfs or, like, tumblers and acrobats and people who kind of sit on the marginal edges of society.
And we kind of go straight from this, like, crucifixion of just this random guy to this scene of everyone in town.
There's a bunch of, like, flayed animals on sticks.
More crucifixions.
There's so many crucifixions.
Here's my question for you.
How do you think the prop designer felt about this?
Like, Jodorowsky comes to the prop designer and is like, hey, so we need 90 crucified dead dogs.
And the prop designer is like, I'm sorry, what?
He's like, yeah, we need them by tomorrow.
Okay.
Okay.
So we got all these dogs for you.
He's like, yeah, no, I want their skin off of them.
You want their skin off of them?
And they did.
There's, like, a whole army of these dogs.
Like a hundred.
Yeah.
It's very gross.
And, you know, to his credit, very shocking.
Yeah.
And after that, we kill a bunch of toads.
Yeah.
Little frogos.
He just blows up a whole bunch of live frogs and, like, lizards in this.
There's a lot of animal cruelty in this movie.
Yeah.
This is another one of those things where it's like, you see all of these things that this movie seems to be commenting on.
It's like, but you're actually doing it.
You're actually killing a bunch of toads on camera.
Yeah.
Like, and here he does this, like, mock presentation of the founding of Mexico, right?
The arrival of the Spaniards.
And he has three ships, which is an interesting bit of iconography because, of course, Columbus's three ships did not ever touch the continent.
Right.
They hit the islands.
Columbus never actually made it onto the continental Americas.
So they have three ships come over and they have these little conquistador frogs climbing up pyramids and everything.
And then they just blow it all up.
This is overseen by the thief who is kind of the thief is the main character.
Not Jesus character.
The main character of the film.
And then there is also a man in a Nazi top hat.
Yeah.
He's like a street magician.
Yeah.
And as all this is happening, there's a whole bunch of what are very clearly, like, American tourists.
Yeah.
Taking pictures in sombreros of the whole thing.
And you start to get a sense of, like, the symbolism of the movie.
And I actually think this scene, except for the death of the frogs, which I felt really bad about, is, like, one of the more effective symbolic moments of the film.
Because he has something to say about the poverty porn of Mexico.
Yeah.
People are going and just seeing, like, absolute destitution and just, like, shoving a camera in somebody's face and snapping over and over again and wailing and laughing.
And I think the, like, Nazi street magician is interesting because I could conceivably see that as just being some guy that Jodorowsky found with his own clothes.
Right.
You know, not for nothing, him coming from Chile, him being Jewish, right?
His parents were Jewish, I think, from Ukraine.
Him playing with that imagery and with the presence of those ideas in Latin America and the way that they kind of proliferate.
And also just, like, this vivid, fabulous use of color.
You can tell this guy comes from theater.
You can tell he comes from graphic design and comic books.
And that a lot of times this feels more like in line of the avant-garde theater movements than of movies.
Oh, absolutely.
And, you know, I do like that he's trying to convey that, like, hey, all this stuff that happened, like the founding of Mexico, right?
This is not an aberration of the past.
You know, the Nazis were, like, of a same thread as the conquistadors, right?
What they did to the Mayan people is not dissimilar to what the Nazis did in Europe.
Right.
It's like what they say, fascism is colonialism coming home.
Yes.
Yes.
And he brings that.
I think that's a very effective use in this scene.
The thing about this movie is that it is so frenetic that once that idea is done.
We're on to another one.
We're on to something fucking else.
And one of the, I think, the joys of watching the movie is that it is so frenetically paced.
And you don't really have time to breathe because there's just another fucking gorgeous image after gorgeous image after gorgeous image.
But it gets a little bit too much.
I got very overstimulated watching this.
Yeah, it just becomes kind of tiring by the end.
Yeah, you get a little exhausted.
It's like you, I feel like the movie is just kind of over at some point.
And then they're still, and then they, like, haven't gotten to the mountain yet.
And they have to climb it.
And more stuff happens.
But, like, yeah, we have all this stuff where, like, he gets sort of molded.
And then they start playing a lot with, like, plaster molds and plastic molds.
And he gets copied down and sold in life-size crucifixes.
And then he starts to destroy them and eat them.
Yeah, one of them is cake.
Turns out that they invented, is it cake?
Yes.
It's Jodorowsky long before that ever happened.
I would just like to actually, going back to that scene where Jesus is, where the thief is made into plaster, right?
I took this note, and I think it's pretty indicative of what watching the movie feels like.
So I'd like to just read it in its entirety.
Yeah.
So they get Jesus really drunk and make him nude.
And then take a hollowed-out pig carcass filled with goo.
And spread the goo all over Jesus' body and shove tubes up his nose so he can breathe.
And then make a plaster of him while getting him more drunk until they throw him onto a pile of yams.
Whereupon several hours later, he wakes up to discovery surrounded by plasters of himself and screams a lot.
Jesus then destroys every Jesus plaster after whipping his captors and then holds one of the plasters tenderly.
That's what watching this movie feels like.
Yeah, that's like 10 minutes out of the movie.
You know, like that's, yeah, you've explained that sequence, I think, very coherently in a way that people are like,
Oh, I see what he's doing.
I see what he's doing.
I see what he's doing.
And it's like, I feel like a lot of it is just like, I see what you're doing.
Yep.
I still see it.
It's the commodification of religion, obviously.
Like that's sort of his big thing.
It's just like once you.
Well, and again, how would the person feel about that happening?
To think about like Latin American Catholic kitsch.
Right?
Yes.
Yes.
About like, yeah, you go to these stores and they're just full of little tiny wooden Jesuses that were just made in some factory somewhere.
And it's all just marketing.
It's all just people making money.
It's, you know, it's crass, but then it's also meaningful.
Then this movie is done and a fish hook comes down from a giant orange tower.
And he rides this fish hook.
Yep.
So high.
Yeah.
I don't know what this tower is.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's like, how many of these.
Ryan, I don't think so.
I don't think any of this.
How many of these things were like existing locations and how many of these were constructed sets?
I didn't dig deep because I kind of don't want to know.
Because like part of that, that's part of the magic of it.
Like, you know, some of these sets kind of remind you of.
They won't remind you specifically, AJ, but of Mishima, Life in Four Chapters, when they're doing the adaptations of his stories.
Okay.
And they're on these sort of miniaturized sets and they're shot from above the walls and you can kind of see the whole set at once.
Jodorowsky does this here, but with much larger sets.
Yes.
With really, really high walls.
Again, I don't know how he made this for so little money, frankly.
I mean, he probably didn't pay any of the extras is probably one of the bigger parts or if they did, you know, probably pittance.
But he rides up this hook because there is a God that sits atop this like giant pillar and he wants to know what the fuck is going on and maybe to kill God.
Maybe because he's been like, he's been mistaken as Jesus Christ and he wants to go fight the guy who made Jesus Christ.
I don't know.
So again, this is all up for interpretation because it's all very loosey goosey.
You can watch this movie and get like a completely different thing out of it.
But you get to the, he gets to the top of the pillar and he cuts his way into what I can only describe as, you know, that fruity gum with the zebra on it.
It's being discontinued.
Is it?
Zebra striped gum is apparently, yeah, just now being discontinued.
Yeah.
Was it dangerous or is it just no one's buying it anymore?
I don't think it was dangerous.
No, I think it's just, there's not really much.
It was made of real zebra.
There's not much of a market for gum that has flavor for five seconds.
And then immediately dissipates.
Well, he bursts at the top through like this giant paper thing at the top of the tower and he's in a packaging of zebra striped gum.
Yeah.
And makes his way towards the same guy we saw at the beginning of the movie, the alchemist.
Yeah.
Only this time he's not wearing all black with his fancy little ritual hat, which is I think vaguely like a conquistador hat.
Like I don't, I couldn't like place what kind of hat this is, but it's, it's, it's like a very specific, it's Mickey Mouse.
Big hat.
Big hat.
He's got big hat.
Big hat.
He's big hat Logan.
He's big hat Logan.
And he reaches the end of the hallway and there's a woman there who is a surprise nude and she has a whole bunch of like religious writing.
Yeah.
Like Hebrew letters and like Buddhist images and, and whatever else.
Yeah.
But it seems like a mashup of like all religions in one, right?
Yeah.
This alchemist is like.
Because it's the seventies.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's new age.
It's like, it's like, so he walked, he took LSD, walked into a new age store and someone beat him over the head with a crystal.
Yeah.
And then this is the movie that came out of it.
But the alchemist is like, I'm, I'm putting a team together and we're going to go climb a mountain in order to achieve enlightenment.
And so, but first in order to do that, he has to like make the thief pure or like test him to make sure that he has the metal in order to climb the mountain.
So they start doing all these fucking tests on him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he boils down his shit into gold.
Yes.
And I was honestly a little relieved, but also a little shocked.
We didn't see him actually shit into a bowl.
Yeah.
But you see the shit, you see it boil.
I feel really bad for the cameraman who had to point his camera at the literal human feces being burned.
It might've been fake.
It might've been, but it looks pretty real.
But yeah, he gets stuffed into sort of a big plastic egg and he's huffing his own shit smoke and his sweat is being collected and then sort of fed back into the furnace.
Then we end up in like a carnival ride, like one of those spinny rides where you stick to the wall and there's molds of the other people that are going to join him on this journey.
Yes.
And then it becomes cats.
We, yeah, it's like, it starts with like someone saying my planet is Venus and we see what her life is all about.
And then the next one is Mars.
And then the next one and around number four, I was like, oh God, we're going all the way to Pluto, aren't we?
And we did go, in fact, all the way to Pluto and we see what everyone's deal is.
Yes.
It's cats.
And it would, it'll be no surprise to you that this is the part of the movie that worked best for me.
Oh, this is the part that worked worst for me because now it's all spoken dialogue.
So before you'd hear the occasional little tiny bit of Spanish, little tiny bit of English, maybe something else.
And then mostly gibberish.
People would just go, ah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, ah, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
And, and for the most part, the storytelling was just visual.
But now everything is like fully narrated.
Like I'm watching an industrial film or something.
Right.
Which is probably the, the exact angle that he was going for, but I, I didn't care for it at all.
It was, I guess it was because it streamlined it in a way that I could finally get on the wavelength and I could understand what the movie was doing.
The first bit before this, it all felt just a little bit too hodgepodge and unfocused where I feel like once we get into this.
This felt less unfocused than the first part to you?
Yeah.
Because it was all sort of contained within its own little balls, right?
Like you would literally, there's so many pieces in this movie.
Sure, by just being different balls.
Yeah.
Different balls on, on a different, on a different body.
But, you know, I, I want to go back just, just briefly to talk about the excrement because there is a lot of comparison, I think, between this and John Waters just in terms of shock value.
And I've never seen a John Waters movie, but Brian, I know you have.
And I'm curious how this compares to John Waters' sense for shocking people or for that sort of extreme level of filmmaking.
Well, I think John Waters is interesting.
I think that what he and Jodorowsky are doing is kind of aiming in the same way.
Like John Waters always described what he did as like making trash for art house theater goers.
Okay.
Right.
He wanted people who were like sophisticated to come and see something that was nasty.
And I think that's what Jodorowsky is.
It's just that I feel like people wanted to still kind of hold their monocle when they were watching this one.
John Waters is another guy who's like, I, I definitely understand the talent and I understand what he's doing.
I don't always really care for the movie on the whole.
I think he has this really interesting economy of time where his movies cover a lot of ground in like 90 minutes and, or 70 minutes.
But they always, in doing so, actually feel very long.
They always kind of drag.
Like, and this is the era of this sort of trash.
I don't, because what I see Jodorowsky doing specifically, and I don't know if I would put John Waters into quite that same territory.
Because I feel like John Waters is always so scrappy.
I mean, it's like we're slapping this motherfucker together.
Whereas here, even if it is scrappy, it really doesn't feel that way.
Everything feels deliberate and it feels expensive.
Yeah.
I mean, credit where credit's due.
Like every frame of this movie is a painting.
Yeah.
And I feel like this is pop art.
Oh, sure.
In a way that I don't think of John Waters in that same kind of vein.
I think like this is, this is, this Jodorowsky stuff is more in line with Andy Warhol and a bunch of other shit that I don't like.
Well, what's, what I think is very interesting about it and sort of, you know, my main comparison for this is that it kind of felt like a Suda51 game.
Uh-huh.
Like it, this, especially this section when we're like meeting all of the people.
We're meeting every one of the planets.
Every single one.
They left out a few, but like most of the planets.
Um, and also Pluto.
Oh.
Uh, but they all have their own very distinct color palette.
They all have their own specific thing that they're about.
Yeah.
It almost, this section almost feels like it's just Jodorowsky showing off.
Like it's just like, look at all these things that I can do.
I feel like it doesn't connect as much to the first act or the, the part where they're actually preparing to go up the mountain and everything.
Right.
Uh, some of these are real winners and some of these I don't care for at all.
So, so what were the real winners for you?
Which, which planets really jumped out?
Oh, I don't know.
It was so long ago last night when I watched this.
I liked Mars.
Uh, Mars is just Prince.
Uh, weapons manufacturer.
And she's really badass.
She's got like this amazing purple suit.
She has a whole army of, uh, man slaves that, uh, she makes wear hot pink.
Yeah.
Which is very fun.
The male secretaries for weapon usage is what I think the exact phrase that's used.
Yeah.
I guess I think there, there are certain sequences within each planet that really stand out.
Like the big, like arena full of dust and everyone's like bleeding different colored blood and like.
Yeah.
Everyone in this movie like bleeds ink and that's even in the first part too.
That's true.
Yeah.
Interesting.
In that section, it's very, very bright colors.
Um, you have, yeah, these sort of weird factories, but I don't know.
It all kind of seems to go towards the same joke, which is some broad taking her top off and, and a guy having sex with her.
Uh, the one exception, I guess being Uranus.
And I hated that whole sequence entirely, even though that was maybe the most John Waters feeling segment.
That, that's what I was going to say.
I like having never seen a John Waters film.
I was watching that going that tall toilet feels very, yeah.
John Waters to me.
Or the Wiz.
There's a bit in the Mars section where they're just showing up all like the weapons for any religion.
So it's just like, you can use the one that fits your religion the best.
And there's a menorah gun.
Oh, I do like the guns.
Which is so cool.
I like the, the cross gun, the menorah gun.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Those, the, those little things were very well made.
They looked, they looked convincing.
They didn't just look like props.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And there's actually a lot of prop work where they have like oversized props in this movie where I laughed out loud.
There are parts of this movie that I think are very funny.
Yeah, like the, the Bavarian guy later.
Oh, the teleporting Bavarian.
Huge beer glass.
Like.
Oh God.
Oh, oh yes.
Of course.
I was thinking about the, the, the teleporting bodybuilder.
Oh, that guy too.
Midway through that sequence.
I fucking love that guy.
No, just the guy who like greets them right at the front of the island.
No, that guy is also great.
But yeah.
So, so, so, you know, this main character is a thief and now he's meeting the greatest thieves of all times.
Industrialists.
So it's just this one impoverished man with this alchemist and then an oceans 12 of rich people.
Yes.
Yes.
Who are coming with him on this religious journey, which is certainly Jodorowsky talking about,
the Maharishi and the kinds of guys that the Beatles have a relationship with, even though Jodorowsky is also just that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like this is another point where it's like, it's making this commentary on this thing, but it's also just embodying that thing by doing all of this religious claptrap and still being very, very shallow.
There's a, there's a bit where, when we get to Jupiter's section where, and also Jupiter kind of looks like Ray Weiss.
And I thought that was, I thought he was going to start screaming about Laura midway through, but it just, it feels like that whole section, he makes art out of people basically.
Like, and, and this is my design.
That whole section just felt like, let's assault some extras the movie.
Like, cause he's just going around for various ones and just grabbing everybody's.
Yeah.
What is the fucking Mexican pay scale for, you know, do you get like a, do you get a bump?
Like when you get your car used on set where it's like, okay, crotch grab extra 30 pesos or whatever.
It appears as though he fully inserts his finger inside of somebody's butt.
Yeah.
We don't know whose butt or why, but it's, that's there.
And again, commenting on pop art while being pop art itself.
But like, you know, as a body paint model, as a former body paint model, as someone, I have done something like this where like the rest of your body is obscured and just like your torso and cock and balls is hanging out.
Probably not groped in the same way.
No, I never was.
I did another piece once that used, it wasn't a body paint one.
It was prosthetics and fuck.
It was just like impossible to keep people, especially on the night where it was like the people who made and produced it.
Those people were really grabby and pokey and shitty.
God.
I fucking hate, I fucking hate art.
And I fucking hate the people who make art.
Well, Jupiter feels like to me a direct commentary on that, right?
On, on the people.
But again, it's like you're commentary on the shit that you do.
It's you.
It's you.
Look at the mirror, Jodorowsky.
I liked Saturn section because it's, uh, Saturn is an evil clown who, who makes war toys, I guess.
Yeah.
I don't know how that's significantly different.
Yeah, the war bits are kind of fun.
Yeah, I don't know how that's significantly different.
More nude children though.
And I'm like, God damn it, guys.
Yeah, just come on.
I don't know how she's significantly different from like the weapons manufacturer.
No, they're not.
They're not significantly different.
No.
We're hitting the same beats over and over again.
Yeah.
Well, it's, that's the only one that I felt like really repeated himself was that one because he had to get the war thing in there.
And I think that what actually, what it says about war is interesting.
Yeah, I agree.
I agree.
Yeah, it's, it's like, we're going to train these kids from when they're children to hate Peruvians.
Peruvians specifically.
Yeah.
He really nails that down.
And I think, yeah, I get it.
I get what you're doing there.
And, and, and, and, yeah.
You're watching, you're watching Saturn make a Call of Duty game.
Um, it's, and, and they make like a comic book called Captain Captain, which I think is very funny.
And the art is very well done.
As we said, he's a comic book artist.
And how comic books are used to teach xenophobia and, and teach complicity with the, the military and, and with the government.
Yeah.
And then we move on to Uranus, which we don't like, but he does have a fake horse.
So that's fine.
Uh, I guess.
It's AJ's horse corner.
Oh yeah.
It's if John Waters did AJ's horse corner.
So again, again, I just imagine this poor beleaguered props person being like, you want him to sleep on a leopard?
And Jodorowsky's like, yes!
And flies off into the sun.
I think that he, I mean, this is like him working in like the avant-garde theater world and going into movies.
I think he's working with people who are equally as cracked as he is.
That's my guess.
It's just like people are going to be like, yeah, fuck it.
Let's go.
So much bush decoration in this movie.
I can't, I can't.
A lot of Merkins.
And, you know, they put a little scarf on a snake and I thought that was nice.
Cause at least that's one animal that's not being abused, but is in fact being given a nifty little scarf.
Or I guess it's like a Snuggie.
It's like a snake Snuggie.
A snakey.
Muff.
Maybe.
A kind of muff.
Oh, I like him.
I like, well, you know how I do.
You know I love muff.
Notorious poonhound over here.
That's actually going to be on my gravestone.
Yeah.
It's the opposite of Here Lies Beavis.
He never scored.
It's Here Lies AJ.
Notorious poonhound.
Couldn't stop scoring.
So, yeah.
We've learned that you don't eat cake under a pigeon house.
Neptune is there.
He's the chief of police.
I don't really remember a lot besides he has a giant prop gun and he castrates people.
And you get to see the castration.
He has a collection of testicles, which gets a little callback in the Venture Brothers.
Really?
From this movie?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Baron Underbite has his eunuchs.
Oh, sure.
And they all have their nuts in jars.
Yeah.
He screams that he has a sanctuary of a thousand testicles that's complete.
Also kind of reminds me, I don't know if Ben Burtt was drawing off of this, but it reminds
me of Return to Oz and all of the little heads in jars.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
AJ, if you haven't seen Return to Oz.
I have.
Okay, great.
I'm a character in it.
One of those, the wheelie guys.
Yeah.
I look like him.
Yeah.
I was really taken aback.
I grew up on, I don't know why, but we just had this, probably my grandpa found it in the
trash somewhere.
That's the story of a lot of things from my childhood.
We had the novelization of Return to Oz, but it was really hard to find on home video, at
least in Gallup in the 90s.
So I didn't see it until many, many years later and we got it and we rented it.
And I remember watching it with my parents.
I was like, wow, this is a lot scarier than the book led on.
Oh, interesting.
So it wasn't like the book gave you nightmares.
Then you watch the movie.
We're like, yeah, that's pretty awesome.
Yeah, the book just kind of described the events.
There's people's heads in jars.
You know, the Wizard of Oz is just a head himself.
Right.
How much scarier could it be?
The king, he's this whole face in the rock.
And it's like, yeah, it's a face in the rock.
And then you watch the movie and it's like, oh, here comes the rock face, motherfucker.
It's great.
It's a classic.
The Wheeler is coming to get you up.
And as someone who's like read a few of the other actual L. Frank Baum Wizard of Oz books, too, it's kind of fun to see all of the mashed up things that they've thrown into this one movie.
As a huge fan of Gregory Maguire, I know that you've read all of those extended universe Oz books as well.
Like A Lion in His Time or something.
What the fuck is that book called?
I don't fucking know.
I tried to read Wicked and I just got sick of it.
I got sicked.
No one mourns the sicked.
You know, time jumps are very tricky things.
And most of the time when you do them, they're pretty bad.
But books usually can get away with them because they're books.
Yeah.
Wicked doesn't, in my opinion.
It's just because he does the time jump in a very odd way, which is not just like, it's 10 years later now.
Here's what's going on.
And then Elsa forgot what happened for 10 years straight.
Let's get back to her now.
I'm reading Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man right now.
And Joyce will also just change scenes that are years apart within paragraphs of each other.
And for a while, you're like, what the fuck is happening?
And then you kind of get into the flow of it and it does get a little easier.
But goddamn, it's a steep learning curve on that book.
Really?
Particularly because-
On Joyce?
Well, I mean, I was surprised because a lot of people were like, well, Ulysses is the hard one.
I'm like, actually, I found Ulysses to be a lot more coherent than Portrait of the Artist.
Yeah, because I think Ulysses at least has such a specific formalism to it that you're kind of following that pretty well.
Sort of like in the ways that it inspired Thornton Wilder, whose play The Skin of Our Teeth, of course, even got sued.
Shamelessly ripped off Finnegan's Wake.
Kind of.
A thing you can do.
You can rip off a crossword puzzle and get sued for it, I guess.
I think you could probably get sued for ripping off a crossword puzzle.
If you just post the New York Times crossword puzzle, you'd get in trouble.
Yeah, I guess.
But if you adapted it into a play first, I don't think people would be like, well, there's words in both.
I don't think Finnegan's Wake has a neighbor kid who is a dinosaur.
Yeah, I don't think there's a mammoth.
There might be a mammoth.
Here's the thing.
No one knows because no one's read it.
But the third act of The Skin of Our Teeth also has this section where it's just because it's the WPA and the Federal Theater Project, they have to hire a certain number of actors.
And the play actually gets to this point where this lady is like, oh, yeah, my dad's a Methodist minister.
Oh, I'm reading this part now.
And she like reads Spinoza and she's supposed to correlate with like one of the planets, just like in the Holy Mountain.
Yeah, I was wondering how you're going to circle back.
I saw it in your eyes.
And always closes the circle except when he doesn't.
That's the Mickey Mouse guarantee.
If you want me to stop doing the Mickey Mouse bit, folks, you can send money to me personally.
I will not disclose the amount at which I will stop doing the Mickey Mouse bit.
But once we hit it, I will stop.
No, we'll let you know.
Yeah.
We'll get back to you.
We'll get back to you.
Holy Mountain.
So we meet Pluto.
He's an architect.
He has an army of child lovers, I guess, who live in his house with him.
And that's also kind of he makes designs coffins.
That house is really incredible looking.
It's so it's very cool.
It's got like triangle doorways and feels a lot like a Kubrick kind of design, I feel in those shots.
But it is also touching on some very interesting things in that he's selling coffins to the rich.
Well, and live forever and like comfort or whatever.
We should note, too, that this is one of the scenes with children that's not just like because the children are not nude here.
They're not.
They're dressed like someone I know pretty well, actually.
Mickey Mouse?
No.
Oh.
My wife, Minnie Mouse.
Yes.
I thought you were common law married to Goofy at this point.
No, we haven't been on speaking terms for a very long time.
Oh, my God.
What happened?
Well, let's just say that there are certain things with Pluto that I would rather not discuss.
Oh, I see.
Goofy's gorsh corner.
Well, speaking of Pluto, we find ourselves with the architect and all these people now are back at the alchemist's tower.
Yeah.
Where the alchemist lays out his scheme, which is basically we're all going to get to the top of the holy mountain.
Yeah.
And we're going to dethrone the nine deities who live there and usurp them and become rulers of this world.
And he does this by standing stock still in front of a PowerPoint.
Yeah.
Holding a hawk in a variety of poses.
And I laughed so hard at this section because all I could hear in my head was, look at my hawk.
Look at my hawk in this position.
Oh, I have a hawk.
I have another hawk.
And that's a thing that he does throughout this fucking movie.
You just had a small Robin Williams in your head.
Oh, look.
I have a hawk.
Oh, it's a hawk.
Oh, I put it on my head.
It's a little hat.
And then you hear the hawk when he's doing the gay voice.
I don't know.
I think he's my beard.
That's my.
See, I'm just like, I don't know.
I'm just.
I think it's funny.
I'm maybe too jaded.
It's just none of this impresses me.
It's just like, yeah, he's got a hawk here.
And I know the difference between that and a handsaw.
So he's talking about like the value of a mountain to any kind of religious experience.
Right.
There are holy mountains in Hinduism and Buddhism.
There's Mount Olympus.
There's the mountain that what's his name?
The guy who wrote the long, dark night of the soul.
His whole thing is about climbing a mountain.
Turning around, seeing your reflection in a snow covered hill.
And.
Landside might bring it down.
Most importantly, since, you know, the late 19th century in Ukraine and Helena Blavatsky and everything.
The New Age movement is all about ascended masters who are just like literal giants in Nepal living in the Himalayas and whatever.
So like there is this obsession with mountains, especially as New Age thought is sort of finding a renaissance at this time, late 60s and early 70s.
Right.
This is before the events of Far Cry 4.
So none of the giants have been killed yet by the player character.
And basically the alchemist like lays out three steps, a three step program.
Right.
Step one, burn your money.
There's a giant eye at the center of a room that we see from above that does not not look like the poster for see what I want to see by Michael Accusa.
That one's for Brian and for me exclusively.
And in the center of the eye where the pupil would be, there's this fire and they all throw their money into it one at a time.
And the thief like tries to pocket a couple because he's never had money in his life.
And then everyone laughs at him because he he he's obsessing over like maybe 20 bucks or something.
And he then ends up burning his money as well.
They throw themselves in there.
They throw their plasters of themselves in there that we saw in the rotating room earlier.
And they burn themselves.
And that's step two.
And step three is mountain.
Yeah.
So they they go they go climb a mountain.
Yeah.
They get on a boat.
They they meet a Bavarian.
The Bavarian has this bar at the base of the mountain because he's like no one's ever made it to the top.
Here's a bunch of people who thought they would and then decided not to.
And that's that's where we have that bit where one guy can walk through walls.
You know, he's he's become this like ascetic with his own magic trick.
He's like, look, I can walk through walls.
And he absolutely can.
The other ones are just doing silly little illusions.
Yeah.
And there's there's something very interesting about the first guy they meet.
He has an Uncle Sam hat on right.
Red, white and blue top hat.
And he's he's preaching his whole thing.
And his face is covered in flies.
Yeah.
Right.
Like it cuts back to him and you're like, oh, wait a minute.
OK.
So that means that the thief once upon a time to get into that position was also preaching false prophecy.
Right.
Because that's how he ended up covered in flies.
So it's like there's a nice the thing about a lot of these movies, I think, or at least the ones I've watched where it's all about the visuals and not so much about like the narrative storytelling is that they kind of forget about where they were leading up to it.
And they're just like, well, it's the next thing, next thing, next thing.
And it always is nice when you're able to connect stuff from earlier in the film to later in the film.
Because especially when we get into this latter part, it starts to feel like Python in a very real way.
Yeah.
Like it feels like he is going more absurd, but I also think that he has just much more visual fidelity than any of the Python movies.
Like this thing looks.
Oh, yeah.
Incredible.
Far and away.
In a way that like if you had made like the Terry Gilliam drawings or it was his drawings, right?
His like cut out illustrations.
His cut out style illustrations.
Like if you had brought those to life on a live action set, that's what a lot of this film feels like.
And it certainly feels like Gilliam is trying in many ways to draw from Jodorowsky.
To be very clear, this is just how every Jodorowsky movie is.
Yeah.
I would imagine.
He doesn't really change his style.
I can't see him toning it down and going commercial, which I guess is why Dune didn't happen.
I have not seen Jodorowsky's Dune.
Well, Dune would have been the most expensive movie ever made, and it would have been 30 years long.
There's a section towards the end where I'm kind of back on board, and in fact, even more so than I've ever been, where they're like throwing away their old religion.
And, you know, they're getting rid of all these things.
And Jodorowsky breaks a guy's bones to have them reset.
Yeah.
And like I'm starting to get this idea of like, oh, but now they're just part of this little cult following this guy.
Right. And it's, again, speaking to this point in 20th century history where people like the Beatles and celebrities in California are like, you know, people are joining Scientology.
People are doing Transcendental Meditation like David Lynch.
And, you know, people are getting into these organizations that are just supposed to be offering this alternative, but the alternative is joining a cult.
Right. And so it's showing you how we stepped away from the hypocrisy of the organized religion that we saw before or the folk religion that doesn't understand what's going on.
These are people who are truly pursuing the truth, and then they've found themselves under the thrall of this one little freak who is the director of the movie.
Yeah. Who is Jodorowsky himself. And it is funny watching like, especially The Return and all of Twin Peaks and like a lot more Lynch lately than, you know, I normally would consume.
It is like you see so much of this movie in all of that, in the Red Room's design, in like sort of the use of more, like, as you said, actors sort of on the fringes of, you know, a performance as well.
And just the placement of objects and like the design of the set being unsettling in and of itself, like how that can elicit something.
And, you know, it's just really fun to think of David Lynch saying, what do you know? It's Jodor.
So that section spoke to me. I don't really connect with much of the island.
Again, there's this guy. He walks through things and he's like, yeah, I've mastered the mountain. I can walk straight through the mountain.
And they're like, oh, great.
Can you go up it? And he's like, no, just horizontally.
So funny. So fucking good. And when he disappears, he's like, I'm going to do it now.
And then he goes and he's just gone. And there's like a sound when he goes away.
But it's literally just a quick cut to a shot of him not in the scene anymore.
And it's also there's a part where he's just talking at the end where he's explaining that he can only go horizontally.
We're starting to rain in the background.
Yeah, you can see it hitting the rocks behind him.
Hitting the rock. And I'm just like, that's so cool.
I've never actually seen that happen in a movie before.
And it just speaks to how accelerated their shoot must have had to be.
It's just like, well, we've just got to film this right now.
Well, they had the bodybuilder for like maybe six hours. He had to go.
He kept teleporting off of set, Brian.
They climb a mountain?
Yeah, they climb a mountain and some shit happens.
Yeah, this is the part.
I think visually the whole thing has fallen off at this point, in my opinion.
The colors are vivid, sure.
But like now everyone's just wearing like Columbia jackets and they're walking up a mountain now.
And it just it's lost sort of the mystique, which maybe is partly the point.
But like you don't have that same breadth of of wild, crazy aesthetic visuals that you had before.
They start basically confronting like their deepest fears.
But because you don't really know any of these people besides them introducing themselves and telling you what their thing is, it doesn't.
Yeah, it doesn't.
It's just because their thing is silly.
Yeah, their thing is not actually personal to anything that they're doing.
Their thing is just one of the things that Jodorowsky wants to make a comment on.
Yeah.
I mean, he cuts off.
He cuts off their fingers.
At one point, we see some more animal cruelty with just two dogs fighting each other for real.
Yeah.
And like biting their ears and it fucking sucks.
And then I just I always think about the poor set dresser and costume designer who he comes up to him.
It's just like, what do you want?
What the fuck do you want, Alejandro?
I'm so tired.
I'm just I'm just so fucking tired.
He's like, OK, so I need a tree made of dead chickens.
Yeah.
I think you really underestimate just how weird guys in the avant and just like avant garde guys in the 60s and 70s.
They're all just being held off from doing mountains of of research chemicals and and, you know, mixing different rocks and animals and to make unique pigments for prints or whatever.
Yeah.
Like the avant garde are again.
I can't tell you how much I hate artists, how much I hate them as people.
Just remember, folks, Brian hates artists.
He hates art.
He hates artists.
And I'm not a trad return to tradition.
They I bet they were all fucking little toads, every single one of them going all the way back.
There's something about there's something about once you get too ensconced in like the visual artist realm where things start to get very strange.
Well, nothing matters anymore.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, there's the status aspect of art that I think takes over everything else.
And sure.
You you can thrive in a degree of abstraction.
I don't mean abstract imagery, abstract art.
This can happen with realistic art as well.
But you thrive in the sort of abstraction of social relationships.
Right.
And everything just loses all meaning.
I once when I studied abroad in Ireland, I did.
You only studied one abroad in Ireland.
I'm the opposite of Jodorowsky in that way.
But when I got there, I was working a very long and complicated story short.
I ended up working with a bunch of visual artists quite by accident because I thought that I would be able to write a play.
And that would be like, you know, a thing I did.
And it turns out, no, no, I would have to make something visual.
I think I am really, really bad at.
Like, I am very, very bad at visual art and layout and all that sort of thing.
And I worked with a large group of people and none of them could agree on anything because they're all visual artists and they all want to express their own thing.
And artists are very bad at collaborating with each other, especially when it is in the visual realm, because, you know, it's one aspect.
It's not like you're working on one aspect of the visual.
You are all collaborating on the one visual together and everyone has their own idea of what it looks like.
And I would constantly walk into meetings where one of my collaborators would burst into the room and would scream things like, I will not work in color.
It's black and white only.
And I would ask him why.
And he said, well, I just saw Werner Herzog's Cave of Forgotten Dreams.
And I want to get back to the primal urgings of humans.
Those paintings.
Who only.
Wait.
Yeah.
No, Brian.
I know what you're thinking.
But those paintings.
Are in color.
Don't they?
Yeah.
That's what makes them extraordinary.
Right.
Oh, my God.
It's like the neoclassical.
They're like, oh, we're trying to not only build back the artistic, you know, the aesthetic constructions of the ancient Greeks, but we want to build the sort of ancient Greek morality based on Aristotle or whatever by building just white marble statues.
And it's like the white marble statues are worthy in their own right.
They're certainly.
Yeah.
They have withstood the test of time.
But, you know, then we find out, oh, yeah, the ancient Greeks painted the shit out of all those things and even put clothes on them.
Like they were just nude because they would just wear a toga.
Yeah.
And fucking garish.
Like just like the brightest purples and like oranges and like.
Yeah.
And I feel like, yeah, that's so much of this is me just being some sort of austere Protestant, I guess.
It's just like you stop being practical with anything you're doing when you get far enough into this this art world that and it's I can't even say, well, you know, because we do commercial art.
We do theater and movies and whatever.
But like this is also commercial.
It's just commercial in a different way.
And but the status aspect of it makes all of the relationships so much more bizarre.
I'm not I'm not shedding any new light on this issue.
It's just like the stuff that I have seen and the fact that I very often got screwed out of getting paid for so many things that made certain people lots and lots of money.
Either way, we were up this mountain.
There are tarantulas.
There's so many tarantulas.
There are tiger tits where.
Yeah.
This one person.
Yeah, this one person who is of multiple sort of gender, sexual, bodily expression has tits and then sprays either milk or come kind of the first shot makes it ambiguous as to what this person is being sprayed with.
And then it zooms out and the tits have become I think they're leopards.
I don't think I think they have their leopards.
OK, yeah.
Ocelots or something.
Well, I retract.
I'm going to do an immediate retract.
I don't think you need to retract because I you know, we're both speaking from memory.
So we could.
Yeah, that I also laughed at just because of the outlandishness of the prop itself and how much fun I was just to build that.
I was just tired at that point.
I was like, yeah, no, this movie.
This movie.
This movie can be very exhausting, but I found that to be sort of a nice little high point.
Again, it's like if you're if you're being outrageous, I've kind of seen everything at this point, you know, in some sense or another.
So it's more about like how much I feel like I'm just on board with your thing.
If I'm like, wow, that was really outrageous.
It's less about like actually being shocked by something and more about like, I'm glad that you who's making this thing that I like currently had the audacity to make this choice.
And here I was just like, this is another choice you made, Alex.
Don't don't call him Alex.
I'm gonna.
You can't stop me.
He's alive.
He can.
He can burst into your room.
He's so old.
Squirt you with bullseemans.
So old.
He can't stop me.
Yeah, but he's still got he's still got buckets of bullseemans, you know, like, I mean.
It's dry at this point.
You can't buy.
You got to buy that shit in bulk.
You do actually.
You can't just buy a tiny little thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That is true.
In fact.
There's a giant scimitar bit that I thought was fun.
He just had.
That apparently almost killed him.
Oh, is that true?
There's a point where the alchemist.
That's a real blade?
Well, no, it's not a real blade, but it's fucking huge.
So it doesn't really matter how real it is at that point.
Right.
It's a blunt object.
Yeah.
It's going to be sharp enough.
Right.
Yeah.
Jodorowsky actually got hit in the neck with that thing and was bleeding profusely.
Oh, Jesus.
They made the largest blade ever.
And it's like, yeah, you should have cut earlier because the scene cuts from the guy raising
the sword to cutting the head off a sheep, which kind of felt like a reference to the
Andalusian dog.
Oh, interesting.
But it also just kind of feels like a reference to other things this movie is doing.
Well, it's like biblical.
Yeah.
Like, you know, the sacrifice.
True.
True.
So they get to the top of the mountain and they sit at a table.
Jodorowsky takes his hood off and laughs a bunch.
Yeah.
Well, because the nine deities that they went to usurp were just dummies.
Yeah.
And Jodorowsky's like, aha, see, it was just a test.
You had it in you all along, kiddos.
And he talks about, hey, we're trying to discover reality, but we're not real.
Zoom out camera.
Yeah.
He's like, here's the true answer to the nature of the universe.
And then he looks at the camera and he's like, hey, everybody, you've been watching a movie.
Go home now.
We zoom out.
We all have to leave the holy mountain.
They flip the table.
Yeah.
Because it's just made out of canvas and pine.
You know, it's like.
Yeah.
You see everybody on the set who's working there, the boom operator and all that.
And then that's it.
That's the movie.
And you find out that the chimpanzee in the movie was played by Chucho Chucho the chimp.
Can you say that in the Ed Sullivan voice?
Chucho Chucho.
Yeah.
So that's the end of the movie.
And this thing obviously has a huge cultural impact.
Like it has inspired so many filmmakers.
But my question for you, Brian, is if it inspired you.
So is this a fancy feast?
Or a failure to fancy?
As I said before, the first time I saw this movie was projected onto a red brick wall at a hipster bar.
And I think that is the ideal viewing of it.
Having to devote my full attention to it and watch the entire thing and hear the sound of the entire thing.
This is a failure to fancy for me.
I get it.
There's a lot of talent on display.
There's a lot of really impressive stuff in the movie.
I just don't give a shit.
I just don't give a shit.
But Brian, how do you consider it?
I hate pop art in particular.
I just think this is an era where everyone's like, yeah, we're fucking, we're tapping into the, we're tuning in and dropping it.
And it's just like, it's fucking shallow.
It's just so shallow.
It's like, yeah, religion do be like that sometime.
Cool.
Great.
I'm so glad that I learned this from you.
I feel like it, he was trading a lot off of shock value.
I can't be shocked by anything anymore.
It means nothing to me.
I grew up with the internet.
And so no, no amount of like Warhol-esque pandering is ever going to really get to me in that way.
Other than just make me go, why are you surrounding yourself with a bunch of nude children?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So AJ, how was this movie for you?
Failure to fancy or fancy, fancy feast?
This is a failure to fancy for me.
I feel vindicated.
I'm selfish.
I'm wrong.
I'm right.
I swear.
I swear.
I swear.
All along.
A lot of talent on display here.
There's some really cool stuff in this movie.
I think, I think it is absolutely, I think we're a cursory checking out and probably fast
forward through very particular sections of child nudity, for example.
But I, I, I'm never going to watch this movie again.
Do you know what I mean?
Like it's, it is, it is such a one and done.
And I think that ultimately is going to be sort of my criteria going forward.
It's like, is there enough here for me to watch this movie one more time?
Or is the movie so profoundly affecting that I only need to watch it once and watching it
again would make me really sad or angry or anxious.
So next month, four months, three weeks and two days.
No!
Zone of interest every month for the next 12 years.
I actually would also like to use this opportunity to do a rare retraction.
Okay.
For me, I am changing my rating of Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie from the Tim Allen
grunt into a failure to fail.
Okay.
We're going back to binary, folks.
Yeah.
Well, no, I still want to keep that.
I still want to keep that.
But the reason why is because watching this movie actually reinforced how much I didn't
enjoy Discreet Charm.
Because Discreet Charm is just this movie on Quaaludes.
So I'm just like, well, if I didn't enjoy this movie, then I actually think I just did
not enjoy Discreet Charm.
And I can give that a failure to fancy.
But this will be a rare thing going forward.
I'm still figuring out my movie taste.
So apologies if that completely overthrows.
No, this is the nature of reality.
This is the nature of being human.
And it's strange to think that we should have every opinion set in stone at all times.
No, absolutely not.
I'm so happy.
I'm so happy for this.
But, you know, are we in reality, Brian?
Should we maybe Zoom out?
I don't know.
No, because we're using Zencaster.
We're on a podcasting set.
It's not Zoom.
It's Zencaster.
Then maybe we should Zen out.
Fuck.
So next month, we're moving away from the surrealists because I think we've got to get
back to reality.
We actually got to go so far into reality that things get a little, I don't know, mumbly.
That's right.
We're headed into the discreet world of Mumblecore as we cover Noah Baumbach's Francis Ha.
Francis Ha.
Francis Ha.
It's actually, this was an interesting thing.
I was a producer on this movie and I wanted them to call it Francis Ha Ha.
Oh, I see.
And then the founder of Napster came by and he's like, drop the ha.
It's cleaner.
It's cleaner.
And hey, next month, we might just also have a special guest.
What?
So stay tuned for that.
A fancy guest indeed.
So from all of us here at Fancy Movie Time, I'm Fancy AJ.
And I'm, I'm Fancy Brian.
I'm done.
I'm fucking done.
I'm not doing this fucking bit anymore.
I'm tired.
Zoom out, friends.
Friends.
That's cool.
20 minutes.
20 minutes.
20 minutes.
Thank you.
15 minutes.
11 minutes.
20 minutes.
P mollabod.
20 minutes.
60 minutes.
Ha.
Hardy mountain.
21 minutes.
20 minutes.
21 minutes.
13 minutes.
Ho.
14 minutes.
Beep.
60 minutes.
30 minutes.
dictators
