 We bring the boom! That's what we do! We bring the boom! We bring the boom to you! We bring the boom! We bring the boom to everyone! We bring the boom! Your favorite father and son! Every afternoon on your FYP! We'll be bringing the boom around a quarter past three! We bring the boom so loud the whole earth shakes! With double chunks, chocolate cookies and chicken fakes! Biceps and turn some freedom boom that everybody deserves! We bring the boom! Welcome back to Western Kabuki. I am your co-host Caleb reporting live from a secure federal prison where I've been locked up for refusing to leave the left. They have given me podcast privileges, however, my attorneys work that out. I'm joined, as always, by my co-host June. How are you doing? I'm good. It feels good to be tuned into the right wing of the nation. I am joining the Trump administration. Yeah, you're the new AG now that I'm like, it's up. Yeah, yeah. Now that pedophile number one is out, they're replacing me. They're like, okay, fine. We have to bring in at least one person into this new Trump administration that is not a pedophile. Yeah, you're the TDI non-pedophile hire. Oh, shit. That's grim. I'm doing great. It's the first snowfall of the year. It's beautiful. Best time of year. This is fucking amazing. Let's go. My favorite. Let's go. And Alex, how are you doing this week, pal? Well, you guys stole my bit. I was going to say that I was nominated as AG. So now I'm on the spot. But honestly, you guys did it better than I ever could have. Let's see. You know, it is not- Now you just have to give Linda McMahon another stone cold stunner and you can be what is she's secretary of education now? Is that what she is? Yeah, genuinely. And that's actually like probably good news because it means, cause like she's like a Trump buddy. So that means he probably isn't going to like gut it. So it's like the worst situation possible. We're like, we should be happy that Linda McMahon is our secretary of education, I guess. What a fucking country, man. It rocks to be alive. Holy shit. I love, yeah. Amazing. Amazing times ahead and he's not even president yet. Holy shit. This week we are diving headfirst into the Costco verse and the world that is very grim of kind of child influencers. And we brought on a friend of the show, Hoots, to join us. How are you doing, Hoots? Hey, I'm doing good. Feeling optimistic about the world. Yeah. Good times. I think everyone's feeling really good about the state of the world and where everything is going. I think that's like the one thing every single person in this nation is feeling. Yeah. We're headed in the right direction. You know, we've got a department of government efficiency set up. Oh, God. And we're going to get a cool podcast about all the people they're firing every week. That's right. We can take it too long. Can we like briefly talk about that? Yeah, why not? I just want to say how it's, just like real briefly, I just want to say how funny it is that like, that Elon Musk was like, oh, I'm the first buddy. Ha ha. And, and like he, they, Trump invented a fake department that doesn't actually have any authority. He's just kind of like, that department is just like, yeah, we'll listen to the guidelines that these, these two fools lay out. And then the first thing they do is we're going to podcast. Yeah. It's like a podcast about how to be more efficient in government. And then also the, that one job listing they hired, it was like that diversification of climate or whatever. Yeah. He thought it was like, he had, he's so stupid. He thought it had to do with like DEI. And also that was a position that was created under Donald Trump. So off to a fucking fantastic start. I didn't know that. That's fucking hilarious. I didn't know that bit where it started under Trump, but just for clear. I, yeah. Cause she was doxxed straight up, right? Like her name. Yeah. It was her full, it was like her full name. And she, and I, I did a cursory Google search and she is incredibly findable. Oh God. That's terrifying. Jesus. It's so cool that the most rich and most followed man alive is just openly doxxing. Just like normal people working normal jobs and like assigning like nefarious actions to them. It was a rabid fan base. Like. Yeah. I mean, most of them are bots. Thankfully. Most of them are not. Rabin toaster fan base. Yeah. But really grim, but also really fucking funny that he saw the word diversification and didn't think like biodiversity. Just incredible shit. Honestly, I lost my mind. I was just laughing so hard. Genuinely just such a stupid fucking piece of shit. It's like in a way reassuring, kind of like the Linda McMahon thing. Like, okay. Like he's so like dumb that maybe like he'll just swing and miss on every like thing that he's trying to cut. I don't know. But one thing that I did find out about this, at least like presidential commissions, um, are subject to the freedom of information act. So every email, every communication voice. Gonna. Yeah. No, like I'm like complaining. I don't care how much it costs. I'm going every fucking, you know, these perverts send. I am going to get through the free movement page request. I don't care if it takes the rest of my life. I don't care if I have to sue the government. All this. I mean, I know you're going to do this, but what you're going to get is like a bunch of is like Elon Musk being like, you guys won't believe this cat meme. Ha ha ha. Yeah. Genuinely. It's going to be like the, if you've seen the movie pie where he goes insane, thinking about the number pie, the Aronofsky film, it's going to be that, but like just doge related shit. And it's going to drive me crazy. And I'm going to drill my brain out. It's going to be the best. I can't wait. Yeah. But like a year from now, we're either going to have an episode about like the most insane government secrets from Elon Musk, or it's just going to be us killing ourselves to a bunch of doge memes. Yeah. One of the things. Then I'm going to start a true crime podcast about the podcasts that all killed themselves on doge memes. And I'm going to make millions. I'm going to rake it in. This is a whole racket we got started here. Yeah. You heard it here first. Excellent. Um, Hoots, you are a YouTuber and a podcaster. What, uh, do you want to give that just at the top of the up here, a little, a little shout, what you're up to? Yeah. Um, I, I'm a YouTuber. I'm on YouTube, but, uh, you, if you search Hoots YouTube, you can find me. Um, and I do like kind of longer form content, um, video essays about whatever, whatever nonsense is bothering me at that, at any particular time. Um, I just did one about AI slop cause that's been bothering me. Yep. Yeah. Uh, and then I've got a podcast, uh, with fellow YouTuber, Kaylin Conrad, um, called respect the dead. That's like a comedy history podcast. Um, the title is ironic, which, which sometimes surprises some of the people who we, my favorite, like a genre of comment that we get is like somebody who's like, wait a minute, you're not being very respectful. It's supposed to be, it's a joke. It's joke. It's funny. It's either they don't get it or they think they're like the first person to ever say that. It's like the people that like go up to, to registers and like their card doesn't like their card declines. And they're like, Oh yeah, exactly. You knew exactly what I was going to say. Cause everyone says that. You know, I would never have the balls to say that. Well, my card declines every time I'm just like, Oh, I'm going to sit. I'm just going to kill myself. Like one time when I was like 21, I got my card declined when I was buying beer and jelly beans. And it wasn't because I didn't have money. Yeah. I had to put back the beer and jelly beans. And that was such a humiliating experience that I was like, even now, like I'm financially secure at this point in my life. But every time I put my card in, I'm just like, please, for the love of God, like what am I buying? What's, what's the damage here? Not the jelly bean incident. Yeah. It scarred me. It's haunting you. Caleb, Caleb, you really have to take a page from my book, which is to be a like, just be mad at the machine, like at the machine that is, that's declining you. You don't, you don't get, you don't get embarrassed. You just blame it. You're like, why the fuck is this machine not doing it? It's the fucking machine. I have to like, I have to very loudly announce to everyone, like there's money in there. I don't know what's going on right now. Like I'm just saying it as loud as I can. I am not rogue. Wait, that's what I do. That's like normally what I do where I'm like, wait, I swear I have money. Yeah. Let me call my bank in line. So you can all see that I'm how not broke. Yeah. Very embarrassing stuff. Oh God. Okay. Uh, we're talking about child influencers this, this evening. And I think the, at the top of everybody's mind is the Costco verse, the Costco guy. Costco verse. Who, okay. Let's go around. Let's go around the room here. Uh, what do you guys know? When did the Costco guys come on your radar? And we'll start with you since you're the guest. Okay. So, uh, not that long ago. Um, I, I can't put it down to a month, but it's gotta be like within the last couple of months. Um, I, I think I just saw like, um, cause I, cause I'm really not on tick talk, which I think is that's their, their primary. Yeah. They're big social media app. Yeah. I technically have a tick talk, but I, I do not open that app. Um, it's just, it's not for me. Um, I, I, I am a millennial, so I prefer to, to melt my brain on Twitter and I'm, I'm going to go down with the ship. Um, so like I, I, I know them based, I know the Costco verse through, uh, clips that people have posted on Twitter. And I think I'd, I'd heard the name, the Rizzler before. Um, but I probably only found out who he was through a clip that somebody posted from like, um, Jimmy Fallon when they all went on. So you are very recent on this. Yeah. I'm super recent. That's like, that's barely two weeks ago. This is like, I, I feel like the tail end of the biggest. What's that landing quote? Sometimes weeks happen in decades, decades happen in weeks. That's how I feel about the Costco guys. It feels like they've been here forever, but it's only actually been less than a year really that they've been on most people's radar. Yeah. I had definitely seen big justice and the dad before in like a clip, um, like a few months ago, but I didn't know their names. Uh, I know their names from this Jimmy Fallon interview, um, that somebody did like a very funny, like a voiceover, like a breakdown of, um, like of, of how Jimmy Fallon was like a, a beta male being shown up by like a, by the Chad Rizzler or whatever. I don't know. It was, it was very, it was very amusing. And I was like, oh, now I know all of their names. Yeah. Yeah. And let me just get out in front of this as the original hater of the Costco guys. Yeah. You were, you were, and I think we roasted you for that. You absolutely weren't even here to defend yourself on. So this is your, this is your chance, Alex, by the end of this episode, we'll see if we can convert you into being a Costco guy. Great. I can't decide if this is very wholesome or very sinister. Like I swing back and forth like a pendulum all the time. I'm like, I do not know what to make of these people. Alex, how do you, so now that we're kind of like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, so now that we're kind of like actually visiting this topic, how, how, what are your thoughts on this? Like, where, where are you at? Cause you were an original hater. Uh, maybe it's just because I'm the only person here with kids, but like watching two heavy set boys eat food on the internet all day. It just makes me feel like, like they're being set up to make fun, be made fun of. They're, they're like, they're not eating particularly healthy. I sound like such a grandpa right now. This is ridiculous. Where's the broccoli? Where are the carrots? Seriously. There's no booms in broccoli. When are these kids going to get a delicious Costco salad? Um, I just, I just, I, and I, and like based on what little I know about them, like it does feel like it's feels exploitative and it's really, really hard to, uh, have a child celebrity without them getting exploited because the whole point of it is just to get them in front of a camera to extract massive maximum value from them, which means, you know, trying to skirt, late child labor laws wherever you can, uh, you know, neglecting their education. So like, I just, I just, there was something so sinister about it and I'll tell you what really turned me. It's AJ's fucking big, bright eyes. Something about it. Oh, right. Right. He is glowing. You just don't trust him. Yeah. He has those perfectly manicured eyebrows. I got to give him props on his eyebrows. Uh, he, that's not an accident. He puts work into those. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. I, I was like originally, and I still like, you know what, uh, it's a very complicated thing, but like, and maybe I'll, I'll like figure out exactly where I lie at the end of this episode, but at first, like the, the, if I remember correctly, the like original Costco guys video that like really blew up that like put them on the map, uh, was put on Twitter. Like some person just like took, took the Tik TOK, put it on Twitter with a caption of something like, Oh, this is like, it was something negative. It was like a weird negative comment about this family at the time. It was the first video I saw of them back, back in February of 2024 of just like, a AJ and big justice, the sun, just like at Costco, seemingly just having like a really nice time bonding, you know, just like shopping, throwing things in their truck, like joking around. We're Costco guys. Of course we don't shop and we'll eat the chicken bake. We're Costco guys. Of course we have to try to eat the little chocolate cookie. We're Costco guys. Of course we have to try to put further children. Uh, and a lot of people were like really negative about that. And I'm like, you know, this is like at, at first it feels very wholesome. It feels like a very wholesome act. It feels like a father and son, like really bonding. But over time, over the course of 2024, I've kind of shifted a little bit in the, in, in, I've kind of come around, I think so far to kind of Alex's perspective and not only just like the diet aspect, but just the way that they have like really come up with the diet. They have like really commodified themselves. And, and I just, the, the, the way that they are in these newer videos, especially in like October, November, where it's like, they're doing like a weird dance to this song that they released that they just like continue to do over and over and over. It feels like MKUltra-esque to me. Yeah. No, there's, there's like something sinister about it. And like, I don't know, it feels like the thing that like originally was there, which was just like a father and son bonding has now become like a livelihood. And that like, it's an, it's an empire, much better way to put it. Cause having a livelihood off of something is not a bad thing, but I don't know. There's just something about it now that feels off. The first video that I ever saw of theirs was, and speaking of empires, there was another father and son duo. And they were the Sam's club guys that were kind of like aping their whole bit. And they'd be like, we're Costco guys. Of course we get the chicken bakes. And then they'd like duet on Tik TOK. And then it would be the Sam's club guys. We're Sam's club guys. Of course we get our lawn chair furniture or patio furniture, the same place we get our dinner. We're Sam's club guys. We have a 25 pound bag of long grain, water polished and rich rice. Hey Costco guys, what do you go? We're Costco guys. We get like 25 pounds. And they go back and forth and have these like treat duels. Yeah. I remember that. Yeah. That was the first one I saw. And it was like, my brain started like vibrating in the same way that like when I'm about to have a panic attack, like there's something. So like, it just like, I started seeing the chiral vectors, you know what I mean? It's just like, there's something about this. Like I, it's not quite danger, but there's something just like ethereally incorrect about this. But the Sam's club guys are one of the many vanquished foes by the Costco guys. Their skulls now make up the throne from which the empire of the Costco guys rule over. They're nobodies now. Damn. Let's get through the... Vanquished. Let's get through the cast of characters here and then we'll do the article. Yeah. Let's, let's describe the, the Costco verse before we really start to dig into it. So there is AJ and everything about this will make more sense. Once you realize AJ, the father, he's a former professional wrestler, actually former professional wrestler who just signed a contract to be back in professional wrestling recently. Oh my God. That's why he looks like that. Yeah. That's why he looks like that. That's why this is happening is he's like, once you realize that not only is he a professional wrestler, so his, his character, it was Eric justice, which is his son. His name is Eric and his big justice. He's named after his father's wrestling persona, but he's also like, there's a specific kind of professional wrestler that is like, there's, you know, wrestling. If you're unfamiliar, it's like a story being told typically of like a good guy and a bad guy. And there's an ongoing story where the good guy at the end of the story beats the bad guy. And that's why we all love it and blah, blah, blah. Uh, it takes a very specific kind of person to want to be the good guy. Like you're cool. If you, if you're the bad guy and you make everybody bullet you. Um, but to be like the, the face, the baby face is what they call him. The good guy wrestler, like a, you know, Eric justice. He's the, the, the paragon of virtue and all these things. It kind of like shows you a lot of like his kind of persona. Um, so then of course, number two would be big justice, Eric. Um, they've got, uh, an extended family tree here. There, he's not really around anymore. He kind of fell off cousin Angelo who it's, it's really funny because he's not actually their cousin. That's his screen name is cause he's like America's cousin. That's like the name of a character you bring in in the 10th season of a sitcom. He's really funny because like, he like was kind of more involved in the earlier stuff and he's kind of, cause the Rizzler was there. So he's completely sidelined and like his profile pictures, like him and a big justice. It's very sad because a cousin Angelo is out. We'll see you at Christmas. They're like, you, you don't have, you don't have what it takes. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. CA you don't have the juice. You gotta go. Yeah. I just thrown you to the side. The name cousin Angelo is so fucking good, man. I would be like, if I just started going around the internet, my name is just uncle Caleb. Wait, hang on. That's kind of great. Yeah. I think that's what you, you should do that. Uncle Caleb. Yeah. Okay. Well, I mean, I am an uncle, so there's like a specific kind of power that comes along with being like a cousin or an uncle. You know what I mean? Yeah. Absolutely. No, it's unrivaled. It's like being like a sibling. You're by nature. You're probably a little mischievous. You're not the parent. Right. You don't have to parent. You're not the parent and you don't have to follow the parents rules. You're like, meh. They're not my dad. I can do whatever I want. Cousins and uncles are cool. They have a special bond that only cousins and uncles can have. Absolutely. So true. After seven, you got it, little buddy. I do love how like obviously Italian this whole family is as well. Like it's so fucking funny. Yeah. It does sound like my cousin Vinny, to be honest. So you call him cousin Vinny too. It's like cousin Angelo. It's like you only refer to these people as cousin, whatever their name is. Yeah. For sure. It's like, it's such a, it's a, it's a non, it's like a more ceremonial type of title than just like a family member. It's interesting. Yeah. These guys are probably cousins to their, to their like immediate family. They call them cousins. Yeah. Yeah. And these, these, they live in Florida now, but they are from Tri-State. They're from Jersey and that should, you know, like this whole thing kind of starts to make sense. Both of those things make so much sense to me. A Jersey expat Italian family that moves to Boca Raton. Yep. That's what this is. Yeah. That is exactly who they are. I grew up with those people. Okay. So there's Erica and Ashley, who's their mom and sister respectively. They are kind of recent additions that started out with just AJ and Big Justice. They've started to incorporate a whole family. Um, I guess the daughter, Ashley is getting more involved in the, I'm so sad that I know this, the more behind the scenes stuff. I listened to two podcasts about this and she's doing like editing and some of like the administrative work to, to, she's a paper pusher in the, in the Costco versus empire. Um, it's a, it's a family dynasty. It is a family dynasty. And then, um, last, but certainly not least is the Rizzler who I think most people didn't know, wasn't a family member or like a neighborhood kid. I thought he was like a sibling. I thought he was like a cousin. I thought he was the youngest kid. No, he's just some kid. It's, it's more insane than that. He just found some random kid? Yeah. Yes. No, it's not just some random kid. This is like a, what a record label puts together a band because he was a separate child influencer that their fathers came together. So, okay, let's start at the beginning with the Rizzler. His name is Christian Joseph. This is so dark. And he like, his dad had an account for him. And like the one that put, it was like about a little more than a year ago. It was a little before last Halloween. He really blew up. There was this video of him. He's in a black Panther costume and it's a very sweet video. He's a cute little kid, you know, he's a little chubby kid in a black Panther costume. And his dad's trying to get him to like, go into the attic. Like, Oh, black Panther would be scared to go up there. And he's like, mom says, it's not safe for me to go up there. And it's like, it's a little kid in a black Panther costume. I don't know if for some reason that just blew up. That's what put him on the map. And then he's kind of like, uh, this is before he was even going by the name of the Rizzler. He was still going just by a Christian Joseph at this point. Um, the story goes, and I don't believe this for a fucking second. The story goes, big justice sees, discovers the Rizzler on TikTok or Christian Joseph. It says, dad, we got to get this guy. He's so funny and he's so good. No, what I think is more likely the scenario here is the, the fathers got together and we're like, okay, let's get our kids on the same screen. Um, cause like, how old is the, like Rizzler? He's like nine, 10, eight. Yeah. Big justice is like 14, 11. Yeah. Big justice is 11. Um, the Rizzler is like nine, I think. And if I'm wrong, feel free to email us and correct me. That would be very funny if you did that. Um, yeah, I saw someone tweet today that the Rizzler was born in the first Trump administration. And I was like, oh God. That doesn't feel right. That doesn't feel right. How is a child that was born in that time? An infant? That's fucking crazy. There's no way that you can be born in that time. All of this just starts to make so much more sense when we talk about it guys. Um, so they are, uh, uh, the Rizzler I think is, is also from tri-state area Jersey. Um, and they, uh, obviously the, um, Costco guys have ties there. They're back and they say, okay, we're going to be back in, um, we're going to be back in Jersey in a couple months. Let's like get these kids together. They're they do. And this is like genuinely a case where like this, like, I guess like they're just better together. Like the, the, the, the whole is greater than the sum of the parts kind of situation because they go mega. This is when they start getting talk shows. This is when everybody starts like noticing he's the Rizzler, his, his like move. And I didn't know this until I started my research for this episode was his move stroking his chin. Yeah. He's mewing. Remember when we talked about that with Marcus? Yeah. Yeah. And he's trying to do like, he's trying to look like the, uh, the Chad guy, you know, the, the black and white smiling, uh, muscle man. He he's, that's what he's doing is he's like pointing at his face and mewing. Um, I didn't know that. That's very funny. Cause I dog, I, I would not have gotten that from the videos at all. I genuinely think it's so funny that we were taught, like whenever we have Marco-san, I feel like he tunes us into like the future that will come. He's so ahead of the game. Yeah. Like we talked about that shit like nine months ago. We talked about fucking future dude. Yeah. He's scary. He fucking scares me. Yeah. Um, so they get together now they're, you know, they are the, the Costco extended cinematic universe that you know and love to this day. So that's kind of the cast of characters, but there is like, um, a bit more to this story. So I think we're going to do Alex, if you want to read this one. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, give me just a second. Let me bring that up. Okay. This is called meet the Costco guys, the father son duo behind the song of the summer, which you guys know is the, we bring the boom song, right? Um, do that like donkey contents. It's going to be the intro to this episode. I'm assuming. Why are you putting me through this? I'm not producing anymore. Fuck this. What's the song of the summer? Is it espresso? Not like us. Hot to go. This writer would like to humbly submit another candidate. We bring the boom by AJ and big justice, uh, Boca Raton, Florida based father and son duo with flawlessly groomed eyebrows. That is true. Heavy New Jersey accents and a predilection for double chunk chocolate cookies. Um, oh, this is by EJ Dixon from Rolling Stone, by the way. Shout out EJ. She's awesome. With the, with its lyrics, we bring the boom. That's what we do. We bring the boom. We bring the boom to you over a beat reminiscent of run DMCs. It's tricky. We bring the boom as the origin is an origin story of sorts for AJ Bafumo and his 11 year old son, Eric known on Tik TOK as big justice who are known for their food reviews as well as their vlogs from the big box warehouse retail chain, Costco released on July 3rd. The video is full of references to their lore. There are shout outs to Costco food court items, gym routines, and of course the boomer doom scale. The two assigned items they review on their page. There are even appearances from Eric's older sister, Ashley and his mom, Erica, who are, who is referred to on social media as mother of big justice. Man, give her a name. That's messed up. That's so disrespectful. This, this Tik TOK channel does not pass the Bechdel test. Not at all. Over the past few months, the Bafumos have built a devoted audience of more than 1.3 million followers on Tik TOK, largely thanks to the Costco guys video from early last March in which they declare their allegiance to the big, big box warehouse retailer with sound light sound bites. Like we're Costco guys. Of course we go shopping while eating a chicken bake. The video has more than 47 million views. And that's probably just on Tik TOK. Like I said, I saw that shit on Twitter. This is a very old article too, by the way. This is from, I think, July. Yeah. I remember reading this. This was, this is just the apex of their, their fame. Oh my God. Yeah. Oh my God. So like, I don't have any like Costco, Sam's club memberships, anything like that. So like, maybe I'm just like missing out on a piece of the culture here, but like, do people watch that and they go like relatable? Oh yeah. Of course I'm eating a chicken bake. Costco's food court is kind of famous for both having really cheap food and an abundance of shitty food. So I do know about the hot dog because I did read Jamie Loftus's raw dog, but I was going to say, I love their hot dogs. On a cross trip or cross country trip, I had many a Costco hot dog and it got me through that trip. So I do have to shout out the Costco food court. It is pretty great. It's insane. And they will not raise those prices. Oh, super cheap. It's like $2. I mean, the hot dog, the hot dog price got raised for a while after a while, but it's been a long, it's like, it took 20 years and it's, you know. Well, Trump's going to change that. I'm going to skip a little. Did they actually raise, wait, did they actually raise the Costco dog price? I'm pretty sure they did. Because there was that quote from the CEO that was like, I don't care about inflation. He literally said, if you raise the price of the Costco hot dog, I will kill you. Oh shit. You're right. And I think they raised it. I'm pretty sure they did. Like really recently. There's one dead executive at least. No, this says, no, this, no. According to, as of May 31st, 2024, according to CBS News, Costco has vowed not to raise the price. So I was wrong. We need to get one of those Biden. I did that stickers and put that next to the dollar. I'm going to skip some of the description of them because we've already covered it and I'm going to go straight to the quotes. The world is awesome right now. AJ tells me over Zoom during an interview with him and his son. We come up with ideas. We make a video. We put it out. It's been amazing. It's been a boom. God, I love how like always on brand. I like they're just like their whole brand. Sorry to interrupt. But like, I love that. They're just a meat heads. That's just like what they are. The only person that can look at the world right now and think like the world is awesome is like a guy from the tri-state who moved to Florida and is just having a blast. We come up with ideas. We make a video. We put it out. Damn. Take him, AJ. I love this guy. In 2022, AJ started a TikTok account to promote his mortgage lending services by appearing as a character he dubbed Mortgage Muscles. In these early videos, he's far more subdued, standing in front of an American flag and giving advice about the housing market, interspersed with the occasional commentary on Marvel movies. But it wasn't really fun, he says. It felt a little forced. It wasn't until Eric started getting involved in that the channel really started to take off. I just wanted to be in some video because all my friends had YouTube channels at my school and they had like 100 followers. And my dad had like a thousand followers, he said excitedly. So I thought it'd be cool if I was on his channel. That is so gross. By the way, that quote, I just, to see a child being like, oh, my dad had more clout than my friends. So I wanted to be on this mortgage channel. So fucking dark. Because like, to be real, when I was like a kid, like when I was a big justice's age or just a little bit older, like me, like a lot of people had YouTube channels, like in that time, like, what was that? Like almost 20 years ago. So like, that's not the cringe part. But yeah, you're right. The like, oh, my dad makes mortgage videos is kind of like, all right, dude. All right. You get it on that. Like when I was a kid, I made like, and there's some of these videos are still on YouTube of me when I was like 15 doing like stupid, like stupid bits with my friends. But like, I would never show some of those. Thankfully, they're not easily traceable. Fortunately, I'm too old for that because we did around the neighborhood, like Jackass style skate videos that only exist on like tapes. Early YouTube was so much of guy falls off of roof and destroys balls. I love that. I'm a return guy, but for that. Yeah, same actually. My son really wants to make YouTube videos. So I let him make videos on his iPad and then I just like upload them to not YouTube, but like a private site that he can show to his relatives. And that's it. Because I'm like, you're right. That's good. That's smart. That's so smart. Yeah. Don't let him join YouTube. I mean, don't let him get that brain. Have you guys seen that picture of like the classroom with the banned list of words going around and the words are like yacht and Ohio skibbity. That is my nine year old son. It's like to a T every fucking word. No wonder you hate all this shit. And every once in a while he'll like say something and not know what it means. And I'll be like, you can't fucking do it, dude. Like he's doing this. He's doing this all the time, which, you know, mewing is like it's like manosphere stuff. And I'm like, not in my house. No mewing here. No mewing in my house. I love the world that we live in. It's so fucking awesome. At first glance, a giant big box retailer may seem like an unlikely source of inspiration for a family TikTok account, but it must be said that Bafumos appear to genuinely love the shit out of Costco. When I ask Eric to explain its appeal, his face brightens. It's kind of like an awesome warehouse with a great food court and cheap food, he says. Like you can get a quarter pound hot dog for a dollar fifty and you can also get a 20 ounce soda. AJ declined to specify whether the channel has a financial relationship with the brand, only saying saying only that they are on very, very good terms with Costco. Shit. OK, that's been my theory because a lot of people are like, oh, why don't these people have a brand deal with Costco? And it's like, come on. Well, the next the next paragraph begins still with the relationship with Costco has not been all sunshine and rainbows. In March, the Bafumos say they were banned from a local store for about a month, which they attribute to elderly Boca Ratonites complaining about their tire swinging, meat tossing antics. Make a lot of noise, Big Justice said. I'm not going to say we don't. We're always yelling stuff like double chunk chocolate, picking stuff up, throwing it into the cart. So AJ appealed to Costco upper management, receiving an email from the company's head legal counsel. They were like, hey, Costco guys. So now we've got Costco referring to us as the Costco guys, AJ says. And they were like, we love what you're doing. He says the brand gave them a full blessing to shoot, provided they give advanced notice to management and do not feature any staff or shoppers in the videos. Most high profile creators get a lot of hate and the Bafumos are no exception. The page regularly attracts vitriol from commenters who accuse them of being cringe or attacking the Bafumos for their physical appearance, including their well manicured eyebrows and lashes. Who should critique that? They're killing it in the eyebrow game. Yeah, seriously. Honestly, those are like the last things you should critique. Like those things are the last things you should go at them for. That is the best thing about that. It's jealousy. It's jealousy. On that level, absolutely. Like they killed cringe in their mind and they're thriving. Like, come on, let them live. Of the negative comments, AJ says, I believe that there's two ways in this world to build the biggest house. Number one is to build the biggest house. Number two is to build the smallest house and try to tear down all the other houses. So if that's how someone wants to build their house, by tearing down our house, we're just going to keep building and bringing the happiness, positivity, and the big justice. His mind. His mind. They're so awesome. See, this is the thing. This is why I don't think I'll ever fully be like, oh, we need to put these people in jail. Because like, they're so on brand and so like always consistent with their characters. I have to respect this shit on some level. It's so funny. The level of virality the channel has reached. They now have a small staff of editors as well as management in the form of digital talent representatives. Night Media has also prompted the Bafumos to consider pulling Eric out of school or at least putting him in a much smaller private school. School right now for big justice would be a distraction for everyone, says AJ. It would be a distraction for him, the other students, the teachers. Things are a lot different for us right now in our lives. So we're looking into other options. I mean, like, you know, his dad had an 11 year old's education and he got where he was with that. I mean, it's hard to argue. Okay. I love them now. It was the house quote for me, honestly. Though Eric clearly adores making content with his father and being on camera, he concedes that the level of attention he's been getting has been a bit overwhelming. He says he's been harangued by kids at school, begging him to make videos or incessantly playing clips from the YouTube's the family's old YouTube channel. Plus, such as a voiceover of a trailer proclaiming AJ loves meat. Oh, not this poor middle schooler. No. It was just a lot for me, he says, because I have to do my work. Once he recounts he was at the mall with his mom when he was mobbed by kids asking for photos. It was a little bit scary, he says, because there were kids pushing, shoving, grabbing me, taking pictures. I feel bad for this kid. Yeah. He's never going to have a normal life. No. Even when the kids probably would have got his ass for something anyway. Like that, you know, he loves meat thing. When I was about that age, there was a kid in my school named Endo. And for just whatever reason, everyone would chant at him, Endo likes Nintendo. And he would fucking cry. And he got just owned by it because his name rhymed with Nintendo. So that's a normal level of, I think, 11-year-old bullying. Yeah. Okay. That's fair. 11-year-olds should be bullies is what we're saying. Yeah. I'm sure Endo turned out fine. It builds character. Although I tried to look him up once and I couldn't find him. So maybe he didn't turn out. Well, I got to say, it's kind of a sick name. Just like Big Justice. Endo is a pretty badass name. Endo is a pretty sick name. And also, who doesn't like Nintendo? If I were him, I would have just been like, yeah, so do all of you. I remember when that was happening at one point, he just meekly tried to defend himself while crying. He's like, I have a Sega Genesis. And it was like, I can just say you like Nintendo, bro. Hell yeah. I love Nintendo. I love that that's his defense. I have a Sega. Yeah. 11-year-olds, man. They're ruthless. No, they're evil. I've been theorizing, and I'm sure other people have, but the 11 to 13-year-old age range is the most evil demographic of human beings of all time. Oh, yeah. 1000%. They're just so evil. They don't know what morality is. It's that black hole period where they're trying to push buttons and figure out how to be cool, but haven't realized that they're lame yet, so they don't have the shame of high schoolers. Yeah. They're awful. They've also just become conscious of their appearance, too. Yeah. So there's a lot of things going on. Yeah. AJ says that while their newfound fame has required the family to make adjustments, he doesn't have any major concerns. To me, privacy is over. In the world we live in, there's no such thing as privacy. He says, I think it's about raising your children with confidence to keep them protected and know that they're loved and being watched over. All right. Okay. AJ, okay. Respect where it's at. Of the family's future, he says, this is who we are now. This is the life we chose. So we're all in. Also, they're making us a lot of money. As they figure out how to recalibrate their lives, Eric, an avid baseball player, plans to participate in a worldwide home run derby, which will be documented on social media. AJ also plans to jump back into the wrestling ring one more time and is working on scheduling a date. And of course, there's more music. A track promoting AJ's wrestling comeback has already been recorded and a remix for We Bring the Boom, this time featuring appearances by characters like the Rizzler, will drop within the month. Oh my God. In the interim, they're enjoying the fruits of the newfound fame. Since releasing We Bring the Boom, a 1980s hip hop inspired track that resulted from an impromptu car ride rap. AJ says, the song has been remixed and duetted hundreds of times and has been used as a walk up song by the local baseball team, the Boca Beach Boys. The catchphrase has become so well known that Eric and AJ say that a rollercoaster operator during a recent trip to Universal Studios heralded their arrival by announcing the ride is going to be a big boom. And indeed, right before we log off, Eric and AJ bid farewell on cue with a hearty boom. It is admittedly a bit of a surprise, but truth be told, it shouldn't have been. After all, they bring the boom. That's what they do. They bring the boom. They bring the boom to you. Okay, Alex. What do you think? Do you love the Costco family or not? Did he come around? I did have to say, like, that last comment that he said about loving his kids, it really got to me. But also, fuck you. You've got your kids in Costco all day. Like, no. This is the life we chose. This is such a fucking funny quote. This is the life we chose. About, like, TikTok influencer about chocolate chip cookies. Yeah, that's honestly incredible. Force feeding your fucking child and his fake internet friend Chicken Bakes. Like, this is our life now. And, like, the thing is, like, I totally get where you're coming from, Alex. Because there is that, like, child, like, star, child exploitation aspect of this where it's, like, there is a part of me, like, even though it's very clear that AJ loves his son and everything. And, like, probably has a great time doing a lot of this. Like, seeing some of the things they put out and seeing the way that they talk to each other. Like, they put out, like, behind-the-scenes videos sometimes. It's, like, it feels like the love, like, the love for the creation is more coming from AJ a lot of the time than Big Justice. And it's, like, he's this young child who knows how much of all of this he wants is natural and what he actually wants instead of, like, what his father wants, you know? It's a hard line to write. It's either all evil or it's not. You know what I mean? Like, that's kind of the... So, there's a Jungian shadow of all this is the next child influencer we're going to talk about is Baby Gronk. Because, like, I don't know. The worst, yeah. Horrible. Because there is this, and it seems, like, I think that there's, like, you can't look at this all as black and white. It's, like, very gray. Like, some of this stuff is obviously very bad. But I think that it genuinely looks like that's a good family for the most part. And unless something comes out where it's, like, oh, we're all wrong and this is, like, all projection of their image. Seems like they're just, like, having fun and it's, like, not that evil. But we're going to talk about Baby Gronk. Or rather, we're going to talk about his father. Because that's... This is the corollary to this of, like, what genuine child abuse looks like when we have child influencers. Absolutely. And so we're going to try and be funny with this. Although it gets a lot darker. See, with the Baby Gronk thing, all I know about him is that he rizzed up Livy. Like, beyond that. I have a slight correction. Livy rizzed up Baby Gronk. Oh, my God. Oh, yeah. Come on, Alex. Get with the lore. Well, there was question as to whether or not she did. If you're seeing in my show notes here, that TikTok, where that came from, is audio. I was hoping that you would splice in. But I think I might have another idea for that. So, anyway. But I do want to just say that it is really funny that even if there are possible critiques about the Costco guy family, like, they're probably, just in history, the most moral, like, influencer, child, father dynamic, like, family dynamic. Whether or not that still evil is up to you, but they're probably, like, the best that it gets. Yeah. Yeah. They're, like, the most neutral. Yeah. Which says a lot about that whole genre of, like, content. Yeah. Okay. This next half is about Baby Gronk, ostensibly, but it's really about his father. Jake McGill is his name. Baby Gronk's actual name is Madden McGill, and he named his son after John Madden. Oh, my God. Yeah. The coach of the Raiders, and then, more famously, probably the football announcer, the voice of the NFL for many years, John Madden. His father was setting him up for this life since birth. Oh, absolutely. You don't name your kid Madden if you're not trying to get him into football. Oh, God. Oh, shit. Okay. I did not know that was his name. This is even worse immediately. Yeah. Is that what Baby Gronk does? I really don't know. Yeah. So, Baby Gronk is... Oh, this is... Yeah, get ready. Let me give you the... Gronk is the name of a football player, Ron Gronkowski, and Baby Gronk is so named because he is the little version of this professional football player. He is not actually related to him. Keep in mind, he's like 12, Baby Gronk, or something like that. I definitely thought that it was a reference to the small Grinch from the 2000 Grinch. The puppet. No, it's far, far more sinister than the Grinch, unfortunately. Okay. Okay. And that dude's a freak, as we all know. Grinch, not a good hombre at first. A real freak. Yeah. He's a bad dude. Also a child star gone wrong. Yeah. There are literal songs about how bad that guy is. Yeah. Yeah. We'll get to that, too. You do not want to be Christmas and see that guy coming. There are, unfortunately, songs about Baby Gronk not being the best guy. We'll get to him in a bit here. Oh, no. So his whole thing is, his dad is just this clout brain maniac that is constantly, there was famously a tweet by some guy who worked, he was like an editor for ESPN or something. And was like, when this was first popping on the scene, he was like, this guy, every place that I worked at, this guy would DM like hundreds of times trying to get collabs for his son, who at the time is like 10. There's like almost no footage of him actually playing football. If you notice, this is an interesting thing that I noticed early into my research for this was very little footage of him actually playing football because his whole thing is just that he's big for his age. And his dad wants him to play football. And also, he's a child, so it's really hard to be impressed by a football clip of a fucking 10-year-old or whatever, because who cares? But his whole thing is just like his dad would say, oh, he's... So when you're declaring for a college when you're a football player, it means that you've stated your intention to sign essentially to go to a specific college. That's important for the recruiting process for whatever it's worth. And so he would say like, oh, baby Gronk is committed to like Oregon State University or Ole Miss and he changed it up. And he was trying to like create virality by saying which college that his, you know, 10, 12-year-old, depending on this has been going on for a long time. And his son is intense to go to, even though he's so young. It's supposed to be... So at this point, was his son even known? Like was baby Gronk even an asset or like... This is how he became baby Gronk was by through this method of like collaborations with various stars and declaring for colleges. That's kind of what I got his name. So the nickname itself... Like Strife and affecting his son. He basically, yeah. It's like, wait, a 10-year-old declared for Ole Miss? What's this about? Kind of like generating hype and curiosity, which is like very silly. So the nickname... This is from Wikipedia about how he got the nickname. Miguel uses the nickname baby Gronk in reference to the football player Rob Gronkowski, an NFL tight end. The question regarding the origin of the nickname has been answered with conflicting accounts. In 2021, Miguel stated that the nickname was coined by classmates during recess while they were chasing him, while Jake alleged in the same year that it came from when he was visiting Miguel's school and saw that he had an adult chair instead of a children's chair. However, in 2022, Miguel stated that the moniker was coined by his father after he dragged his opponents in a game to the end zone after a reception. So, you know, he's already lying about a lot, even his name. There is like some dark side to this. And like, maybe you've seen, if you've seen anything about him, there's like pictures and videos of him with these very scantily clad women. The very first baby Gronk video I ever saw was that I think the guy, and maybe I shouldn't shout him out because he's kind of like a slop content creator, in my opinion. But that Hoopify guy on TikTok. Yeah, that's the TikTok that I had for Alex to splice in. Yeah, where it's like, ding, ding, ding. Like there's dings everywhere. And it's like, baby Gronk or Livvy Dunn. Livvy Rizzo, baby Gronk. Yeah, yeah. The thing that Alex was, you were talking about. Is baby Gronk the Riz King? That dead-eyed psychopath. Jesus fucking Christ. But so that had, like all of that was like a collab, like an intentional collaboration. Yeah, there's zero way. You're going to kind of, in this next article, it's, this is from Marka. Yeah, it's a Spanish site. It was, they translate their articles, but I did just for whatever it's worth. I did have to edit this a little bit just for clarity that talks about kind of the process of like how baby Gronk's dad, and then I'll have some fun DMs for you guys too that baby Gronk's dad has sent. Oh no. About how he works with content creators. So this is from Marka. Baby Gronk's father has recently been on the receiving end of criticism as followers question the true motives behind his son's account. In fact, many people have been saying that he's lost sight of being a good father. During his quest for internet fame via his son. A recent TikTok video published by Tyler Webb has exposed Gronk's father, Jake San Miguel, for being a quote, creep after including his son in quote, weirdly sexualized content. The video made the strong point that San Miguel's actions and above all social media collaborations and content could have had an extremely detrimental impact on his 10 year old son. No fucking shit. His TikTok video in which he exposes baby Gronk's father's skewed and concerning priorities has gone viral all over the internet. There are pictures where he's weirdly trying to include sexualized content and content that includes his 10 year old son begins Tyler Webb in the viral two minute clip. There's a creator on this app called Lacey Brown and she talks about an experience that she had directly with baby Gronk. She was reached out to in the same way that we all were by San Miguel. Lacey has a big following in her own right. And when she was at the AT&T stadium where baby Gronk and his father were, they met up to do a collab. Lacey basically said that San Miguel was really weird with baby Gronk, telling him the answers to his interview questions beforehand and was really creepy and exploitative with her as a female content creator saying she should take off her jacket and that stuff with her would get more views if she would show off more skin. Gross. Yeah, that's going to be a pattern that we're going to see more with him as well. He continued, Lacey made the point that this is not the first time that Jason has exploited his son in sexualized content for clout. I did some digging and if you look back to his older past, you can see very clearly that his dad is not afraid to put crudely dressed women in posts with his son because they know that those are going to get more views online. So it's really creepy. It's not abuse or anything like that, but I just think it's super immoral and crosses the line for me. He needs to slow down because he could really be doing some damage to his son. I would call that abuse, whatever that's worth. And like, just not to be a scold here, but if you like, I don't know, reverse the genders or maybe if there were like men or whatever, we would all be clamoring about how this is not we all, but people will be clamoring about how this is grooming, right? But somehow this is just tolerated. No, this is like the exact definition. This is definitionally grooming. Absolutely. Especially from like a father, like not even just like some agent. It's like actually his father. That's like an insane aspect of this. This picture that you've posted is really in the doc is really disturbing of him sitting with like two women wearing thongs. Yeah. Like this, this is a, a child who looks like a child. He looks like a 10 year old when this picture was taken. 10 years old. Just like, what are you, what kind of like, I'm kind of speechless. Like the damage this is doing to your child, how, how weird, like, and unsettling this must be for a child that young. And also like, what kind of man are you setting him up to be? And all of that. But like, also I saw this post to make the rounds, like the, the AB 84, uh, post about this. That absolutely had to have been an intentional collaboration as well. Right. It definitely was. Yeah. Yeah. I did not think of that until you started explaining this whole situation. That's absolutely a part of this. This is child abuse. Yeah. Um, so that football player, uh, calls, uh, AB 84. That's Antonio Brown. For those of you who don't know, he's a very strange and outspoken, oftentimes very funny, but also very awful just person all around. Um, but a former NFL player who had an ongoing series where he would name a white person, either cracker of the day or cracker of the week. And it's kind of was just a, whatever thing. So I think this was probably what you're seeing is a collaboration where he was paid to call baby Gronk cracker of the week. And he quote tweets the picture of baby Gronk with these, uh, I guess, scantily clad women. Um, just for context, uh, Rob Gronkowski himself said that his, like a baby Gronk's dad hit him up in one month alone, like 500 times. And there's an interview. I don't think he literally met 500 times for whatever it's worth. Cause it's very colloquial. He's being interviewed by barstool. So he's being, he's talking to them and he's saying like, yeah, that guy hit me like 500 times in one month. Um, and he's like, I got to put a stop to this because this guy's going too far. Um, and I have to cease and desist on, so on, so on. Um, and then if you scroll down a little bit further, like he's just like DMing basically like Instagram models and such saying like, Hey, it's baby Gronk's dad. We should like collaborate that baby Gronk doesn't need to be in the shoot at all. Even it could just be us. And, uh, you know, there's like lots and lots of different incidences of just that. Um, and I guess the way that it all tied. Yeah. Just genuine fucking monstrous creep. And then we be disgusting behavior. Ooh. Yeah. Makes me need a shower. Genuinely nasty. Um, the reason that this kind of all ties back is because like the, the cherry on top of all this is baby Gronk released a diss track calling out the Rizzler in the Costco. Oh my God. You know what? Should we, uh, should we play it? Should we play the, the baby Gronk diss track? I want to hear it. You want to hear it? Okay. Uh, fuck. Okay. Give me a second. Sorry. You got to cut this Alex, but that'd be a good way to kind of segue out to our closing thoughts. Okay. I'm really not happy with you for having put me through this. Did you not know about like baby Gronk at all? Like, did you not know about these like darker? I knew that, I knew that Livy rizzed him up. Yeah. Yeah. But that's like, it's so much more innocent if that's all, you know, cause it's like, Oh, ha ha. Funny, like little meme thing. But then it's like, Oh, the dad's, the dad's like an actual freak. And I saw that he challenged, he challenged either big justice or. It was big, big justice. He challenged him to a fight. Yeah. That's part of this. He released the distract and I just sent it to you, Alex, if you want to. Okay. 10 year olds challenging each other to a fight is very funny. It's kind of grim though, that this is like where it is because that's like become a big thing. I feel like in like influencer circles, like we saw it with like Jake Paul a little bit. Like, like all of these like influencer types have become like these, Oh, we have to box now. What's better than an influencer boxing match? A child influencer boxing match. It's true. Like, it's funny. I want to stand in a circle around them and scream fight. Okay. Can you guys. Oh no. Can you guys. The Wizard of Oz. No. There's no way. Okay. Well, it's also sinister because they're cringe. I love that this has 677 views. Can you hear it by the way? Yeah. Yeah. We can hear it. I'm the Wizard of Oz. So bad. Jesus Christ. Big Mom. Big Mom. Big Mom. Big Mom. Big Mom. You know that he just filmed this so he could like hang out with OU cheerleaders too. Is his father like wealthy? What is this? It's really. Ugh. I have no idea what he's saying. Still talking about Libby. Now I'm driving fast in the AMG bin. He saw me drive past like you calling your friend. You calling my phone. You want me, I know. You follow me around everywhere I go. Made up money. I'm a sigma. He's a sigma. God, I want to kill myself so bad. This is brutal. Yeah. I'm sorry. We should all be DMing this to the FBI. Like, what the hell? Yeah. Jesus. I think we get the point. It gets worse. All right. I'm good. I'm good. Yeah. I don't think we need to do the whole song. It's no good. It's bad. The music video, for those of you at home, is literally just him walking around a college campus with like women and like shaking hands with other people for some reason and talking about how he's sigma. I'm playing leapfrog badly. Yeah, that was a little. Not leaping high. That was a little strange. So I guess I asked you how you thought about the Costco family halfway through the episode because I wanted to return to it and see if this changed relatively how you felt about AJ and Big Justice. By comparison. Like, I guess by comparison, there's no comparison. As far as I'm aware, the Costco guys didn't even acknowledge this challenge. They know that this guy's like fucked. Like, this is like a fucked up situation. So I got to give props to that, too. They do. And you can call that like them knowing that like that's wrong. Or you could just like they have a level of like media acumen that Baby Grong's father absolutely does not. They were the Costco guys were approached by both presidential campaigns and asked if they wanted to collaborate, which is just so fucking grim. That's so grim. There's no way. Oh, my God. Jesus Christ. What he said. Brat summer, baby. Kamala. This is what political. We're with her. Yeah, this is what political campaign has come to. Brat summer. Jesus Christ. Um, but I guess what what AJ had said was like he said he would have an interview. I think it was this might have been on Taylor Lorenz's show. I can't remember where I heard this, but she did an interview with AJ. Um, and I think it was in here where he was basically said, well, we were approached by both and we said to them that we would have either of them on our show under our own terms and we wouldn't talk about politics, but we would talk to them about like happiness and love and positivity and how to like make the country like safe for everybody or whatever is like how he, how he put it. And so that shows you kind of like there's, he's very smart, like to not get drawn into these kinds of things. And, uh, also still wanted to get the collaboration with both. Yeah. I don't know. It's one of those things where it's like, you know, like they're wholesome and everything, but it's like, it's still on some level. Like imagine if they had Donald Trump on and they were like, yeah, Donald Trump's the man. He likes the double chocolate chip cookie. It's like, all right, dude, like you're kind of voting for. Let's be fucking real. Oh, they're Trump supporters. Yeah. They're absolutely Trump supporters. Oh, 100%. Yeah. They're, they're from New Jersey and they live in Florida. Are you kidding me? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I, I don't know. I feel like these two examples are like the, the perfect counterweights to like, what would like the best case scenario in terms of like how the family is and treats each other in child influencing, uh, compared to like worst case scenario, because there, there's so many like families that have like children influencers where like, there was one earlier this year. I forget the name of the family. I forget. I think they were like in Utah, but there was this like family influencer YouTube channel where the mother like taped, like duct taped her son's like legs together and arms together. And he like escaped the house and was found at a neighbor's house and, and like the police were called and like the mother is like in jail right now because she was like literally abusing these people, like these kids. Ruby, that's it. Ruby Frankie was the mom and she was like part of some sort of weird cultish type thing with another woman and like basically neglected the kids. And for whatever reason, I have never seen, and granted this is not the kind of content I seek out, but I've never seen any good information about where the dad was during all of it. I, yeah, I don't know either. All, all I know about that is my mom is really big into Dateline, that like NBC series. So I, I like just passively will like intake Dateline every once in a while. And, and that was one of the Datelines I, uh, I, I consumed at least a piece of, but like it's so often, it's so common for, for like child influencers to become like the most evil and like eat like dastardly situation of all time. So it's like, like kind of nice that the Costco guys haven't had that happen yet, but like time will tell some of these influencer families take a minute, you know? You know what I think every time I look at big justice, I think like about when he's like 40 and he's at the gas station and someone's like, Oh shit, it's big justice. And like, what's his life going to be like? Is he going to be like a normal guy with a normal job after this, after, you know, his star falls, which it inevitably will, or is he going to be super fucked up? And I think that history president, big justice, very fucked up or a member of Trump's cabinet. So, well, that's like, that's always the thing is these child influencers, especially the ones like in the Disney verse, uh, have all been like fucked up because they get go in public. They get recognized by all these sorts of people. So it's really common that like the, it's, or it's very likely that the, the Rizzler and, and big justice will probably be fucked up. Sad to say, like, that's probably just the reality of the situation. Given what we know about child influencers at that level that they're at. Yeah. Child fame in general doesn't seem to be very healthy for childhood development. No, it's not healthy for most adults either. Yeah. Fame is not healthy. We should, we should stop celebrity. It's kind of like watching a guy go insane because he gets like 15,000 followers on Twitter. What was that guy? Black, black pilled calm or whatever that dude was. It was like, women look at me differently because I have 7,000 followers on Twitter. I love that. I remember that guy. That's a post that lives rent free in my mind. It's like, women look at me differently now. Uh, I guess. They probably do. Just not in that way. You know what I mean? With scorn, content. Yeah. It's the, it's the, it's the, it's the crazy eye that you've got going on. Picked up on it. Uh, I get like what, so, so. These kind of like conversations about like online influencers, I, uh, child influencers come up, um, in the public sphere every time there's like all this abuse, right? These abuse scandals. Um, and then, uh, we have, we, we, every 10 years or so feel bad about the adult former child stars from like the Disney channel and stuff that we, uh, regret bullying into, into losing their minds. Um, uh, so, so we talk about like child actors and, um, uh, in, we have these like public conversations about child actors. Um, but I guess what, like, what has been like banging around in my mind since we started this episode is like, even with, uh, child actors, um, child performers, um, we do have like very specific pieces of legislation, especially in California and New York, uh, in regards to, uh, child actors specifically. Um, they, I got concerned when, um, AJ was talking about pulling his sons out of school because that's one of the things here in California. You have to like be in school. Uh, they, when, when kids are on set, they have like onset tutors. You have to maintain a C plus or higher, I believe. And like, do you know, do we have any legislation for new media or is it just the wild west when we're talking about online influencers? We, we can talk about it because we've, we've addressed this on the show a little bit or covered it. Um, it's state by state right now. There's nothing federal. Um, I'm in Washington state and there have been some laws for specifically social media and there are other states that are kind of adopting it. I think what's, what it's going to take is for like one state to lead the way. And then for that kind of to adopt like federal guidelines. So it's happening. It's just moving way too slow. Um, it's really grim. It's really, that's really concerning to me is like, and that's, I think like if, um, if these kids, uh, decide that they want a big justice decides he wants to live a normal life, uh, will he ever be able to, um, if he never got an education because his dad said, you're an influencer now, like, yeah, and we're going to homeschool you and homeschooling you is taking you to Costco. That's probably no laws in Florida. Like the most Hitler-esque in terms of like child labor laws would be, would be Florida. So. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Okay. Uh, probably good place to, to wrap it. Any closing thoughts or, uh, who's first, where can people find you? All right. Well, Twitter still exists. You can find me at Punished Hoots. Um, I, I don't know how long, uh, we're, we're all on this sinking ship together. You can find me at Punished Hoots. Uh, you can find me on Blue Sky at Hoots. Uh, and you can find me on, um, on YouTube at Hoots. Again, Hoots YouTube. Uh, that's H-O-O-T-S. Like the sound that an owl makes. Amazing. Thanks for joining us to talk about this. Thanks for having me. Very weird world of, of like, I don't know, TikTok influencers, whatever. I don't, I don't know what this shit is. I'm both tickled and sad. Yeah. Yeah. Um, I guess let's, you know, let's, let's all get on TikTok. Let's all, let's, we, we, it's time to boom. It's time to boom. I think the conclusion here is that it's time to. My son already speaks the language of a TikTok influencer. So I might as well just get him on there now. Does he boom or doom? Does he boom or doom? No, he just, you know, he. He's like, ghiats and Rizzlers and shit. So he knows the Rizzler. Okay. So he's in that world. Yep. All right. We'll, we'll see you next week. Thank you so much, Hoots. Take care. Bye. Bye. See ya. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.