Do you know what's so nice about doctors?
Usually a lot less than people imagine.
They always seem so knowledgeable.
They are very knowledgeable about all sorts.
But I bet they work too hard.
Just think of all they miss.
You're probably right.
Now, ladies, where exactly are we going?
Exactly.
Where are the rainbow heads?
Where are the rainbow heads?
Don't you want to go where the rainbow heads?
Well, no.
That depends where that is.
Well, let's find out.
Well, let's find out indeed.
Episode four and the last of our four-part series of Kubrick's America films from his last seven series.
And of course, today we are talking about his final film, his most controversial, probably his most mysterious, and perhaps, as we'll get to, even his most personal and confessional movie, Eyes Wide Shut.
And before I get into this, once again, I want to shout out my brother, Michael Judge, and his death is just around the corner podcast.
He has an excellent episode of that show with the podcasting god, Will Miniker, from Chopper Tribe House.
And please go listen to that.
I will try as much as I can to not repeat what they've been over and instead look at Eyes Wide Shut in the context of the series we're doing.
Again, in the context of the idea of Kubrick in his last seven films presenting this sort of alternate history that is seeking to be an honest history about mankind being defined by an arc of violence.
That he is born in violence and will end in violence.
And violence is his defining characteristic and mark upon the universe.
And then specifically that America represents this idea of the fourth right, this idea of the apex of mankind's violence, the dark star apotheosis, as we have called it, that's extending, you know, fascism within neoliberalism, extending this never ending arc of the empire of violence.
So, looking at that, obviously, it's this final movie, the final movie of these first four we're doing about America.
And, obviously, if at this point, if you haven't heard the first three episodes about The Shining, Dr. Strangelove, and Full Metal Jacket, I'd suggest you go back and listen to those.
Because, once again, we'll be covering some of the same ground.
But Eyes Wide Shut, let's get into it.
So, Eyes Wide Shut, we've talked before about this idea of plot slash melody and world slash chords that Kubrick's movies always work on two different levels.
There is a story he is telling you and then a story that he is showing you.
Eyes Wide Shut is the apex and crowning achievement of this melody chords idea.
This is a movie where he has, you know, perfected this method of telling you one story and showing you another for over 30 plus years at this point.
And now elevates this idea to be the very essence and kind of central core tenet of Eyes Wide Shut.
Eyes Wide Shut is a movie about this dance between dreams and reality.
It's a movie about things that are not shown, that we cannot see, because we keep our eyes shut.
And quite literally, things Kubrick could not show and could not talk about.
And this was his way about talking about them.
Eyes Wide Shut is a movie about the reality that exists, you know, just underneath the surface and is never acknowledged.
And namely, the reality that even at the most edified, stratified levels of society, at the highest halls of power in this world, and specifically in America, in modern America, things have always been and always will be defined by this arc of violence.
What Bill finds at the top level when he goes to this elite secret society orgy at the mansion, what he finds is he is encroached upon a system of power.
And as always, it will be backed up by the threat of violence.
He has seen things that we are not supposed to see.
He has seen the things that we are supposed to keep our eyes shut about.
And then he is faced with a choice.
Do you wake up and live in reality?
Or do you go back to sleep and live with eyes wide shut?
And of course, that choice is backed up by the threat of destruction and violence by this American dark star and the highest levels of power.
So you can see it's this movie playing with this duality and really the apex of this idea, again, of the melody chords, the dichotomy of telling one story and showing another.
That's obviously always been present in Kubrick's work and something he was really interested in as far back as, you know, we quoted in The Shining episode around the time of Strangelove, that conversation with Joseph Heller where he spelled this idea out.
So that's something he's obviously been interested in at this point for 30 plus years in making Eyes Wide Shut.
And this is the apex and the crowning achievement of that idea.
It is, you know, elevated to be the very central core.
Like I said, the central theme and essence and central tenet of this movie, this dance between dreams and reality and whether we wake up or whether we go back to sleep.
And that is mirrored with this idea of a schismed reality, which is forced upon us by America and by the dark star and by the powers that be.
The people at the party, the elites, as signified, of course, in an incredible performance by Sidney Pollack with Victor Ziegler, Bill's friend, who explains to him at the end.
And, you know, these elites, they tell you reality is one way as they force it to be another way.
They force reality into and mold it into their image, into their desired outcome.
And then they tell you that the sky is green when you can clearly see that it's blue.
And if you ever open your eyes to witness the true face of power, if you ever open your eyes to witness this and you stand up and say, hey, the sky is blue, you will be destroyed.
And the movie, you know, poses this question through Bill, do we wake up or do we shut our eyes and go back to dreaming?
And so you can see this is we'll get into how personal and autobiographical and confessional this movie is in a lot of ways, I think, for Kubrick later.
But you can see already how this this plot melody world chords dynamic has come full circle and has been elevated to its kind of most profound logical conclusion being a movie about the things we do not talk about, the things we do not show.
And that is Eyes Wide Shut.
So if it's a movie about the things we don't talk about and don't show, let's talk about what those things are.
And let's just go right for the throat here, I think.
And hopefully we'll back up with a lot of evidence throughout this podcast.
This is a movie about elite pedophilia.
This is a movie about the Prince Andrew Jeffrey Epstein world of elite pedophiles.
We talked about this in the Shining episode, the idea of pedophilia being a bonding tool between nobility for centuries across all different societies.
This movie kind of, you know, I saw it the first time again when I was younger and it didn't make sense to me.
This movie doesn't make sense kind of without that context.
You watch and you're thinking, okay, he goes to a party with a bunch of rich people who are fucking, you know, adult women that they presumably paid or somehow convinced to be there.
The women are not physically coerced.
They're participating in this.
Like, what's wrong with this?
They go to a party and they wear a bunch of masks and there's an orgy.
Why is this scandalous?
Why does he feel so much deep guilt?
Why are they so deeply secretive about this to the point of threatening to kill him and his family and his child and destroy them and take everything he loves and holds dear and destroy it in front of him as penance for what he's done, invading this elite secret society?
Well, after the Jeffrey Epstein thing happened, which I wasn't, you know, obsessed with.
I didn't follow.
But then he gets arrested and then he kills himself, quote unquote.
And reading about that and learning about it, the first thing I did was go back and watch Eyes Wide Shut, as I said in the Shining episode.
I went crazy for a while there in the summer of 2019.
And I went back and watched this.
And, you know, like I said, I hadn't seen it since I was a kid and it never quite clicked to me.
It never quite makes sense.
And then as I'm watching, I thought, oh, if you replace all the 23-year-old, 25-year-old, 21-year-old models in this movie,
with 14-year-old models, oh, then the entire movie makes sense.
And, of course, that's illegal.
Kubrick could not show that.
That is child pornography.
He could not even simulate.
He couldn't even get the movie made if he said it's going to be a movie about child, you know, elite pedophilia and child rape orgies.
You know, they say, boom, next.
Bye, Stanley.
Nice try.
Yeah, I realized suddenly, oh, just replace all the 21, 23-year-olds with 14-year-olds and everything about this movie makes sense.
Bill's guilt, again, the extreme secrecy of the party backed up by the threat of violence from the highest reaches of powers.
The party itself, you know, we'll get into it in the commentary, but it becomes clear that the first party they go to is a swingers party for the Manhattan Power Elite.
And that is a party that takes place in, you know, the dream world that we all share.
That is a party that takes place on the surface that we can see.
So if that's what's happening on the surface at the Manhattan Elite Party of Victor Ziegler in his, you know, beautiful billion-dollar brownstone home,
if on the surface people are going there to go hide away in bathrooms and, you know, do speedballs and fuck hookers,
what is happening at this secret elite party that's so secretive and so, you know, horrific and, you know, can't see the light of day that they'll go to these lengths to you?
You know, as we'll talk about, kill Amanda, the model, as a sacrifice to warn Bill.
Again, that's the only framework that really makes it make sense.
And as we talked about, again, with The Shining, the idea of elite pedophilia being a bonding tool between nobility for centuries that they seal their secrets with.
It became pretty impossible to see it any other way.
And we'll get into why and the kind of specific evidence I have for that.
But more or less, it's, you know, again, a movie about the secret nature of power.
And we're working with this idea of mankind being defined by violence and specifically America being this fourth Reich of fascism,
the politics of violence within neoliberalism.
And this movie, of course, plays right into that, that at the highest levels of power, these are, you know, they're monsters.
You can geniusly use the masks in the mansion scene to show.
It's like they all put on a mask.
Once again, we're playing with this dichotomy of dreams and reality.
They all put on a mask, but that's their real face.
The mask they wear in the dream world, the world we all think we're in when we're walking around in our daily lives, the surface world,
that's the human face.
The human face is the mask.
They take that off at the party and they become these hideous, horrible monsters.
As, you know, we'll get into why I think it may be the greatest shot of Kubrick's career.
But as we see when Bill enters the party for the second time and now all the masks are turned to him.
So, obviously, we'll get into, with the commentary, the specifics of why I think this movie is about elite pedophilia
and why it was a warning and a confession of sorts and the, you know, the evidence I have for that idea.
But either way, we're obviously working with this dichotomy between dreams and reality,
between the things we don't talk about and the things we do talk about.
And that the idea that what we think is the real world, the world we wake up every day and read the New York Times and say,
Oh, did you hear about this? Did you know about this?
Because that's the dream world. And then there is a real world where real power is,
where the real face of America and the dark star is.
And what it is is a bunch of monsters having an orgy fucking each other until the end of the world.
So, we're dealing with that and this idea of dreams.
And, of course, Kubrick was interested in this and started with by adapting the 1926 Arthur Schnitzler novella,
Trom Novell. That is obviously what this movie is based on.
And I've never read Trom Novell, but obviously it translates to dream story.
And the script for the, well, Eyes Wide Shut, for the most part follows Trom Novell step by step.
The beats of the story are the same.
They're just adapted from, you know, I believe it's Vienna, 1926, to Manhattan, 1999.
And, of course, as people will probably know, you know, we talked about Kubrick left America.
Just strange love and never came back.
And this movie was shot in England.
And it's very kind of specifically and obviously done on a set.
There are a few shots that we'll get into in the commentary,
but it's very clearly like a green screen projection of Manhattan behind Tom Cruise as Bill Harford.
And then other shots where it's kind of obvious.
Point being, it doesn't look like Manhattan, one of the most iconic and instantly recognizable places on Earth.
And you realize we're in this dream world.
We're in this warped reality where Manhattan has played on a soundstage in London.
And that's why, you know, you can see this movie is working on such an incredibly high level
that is really compounding these themes we're talking about over the last 30 years, I guess, technically, what, 20?
No, 30, 35 years, 64 to 99.
Yeah, I'm bad at math.
So, but you can see this movie as the culmination, again, of this plot melody, world chords idea,
and this dichotomy of the story he's telling and then the story he's showing.
And what better, you know, again, like I said, the very profound and logical conclusion of that idea,
what better avenue to use that idea than in a story about dreams and a story about the line between dreams and reality.
So he adapts Trom Novell, again, step by step, sticking with the beats of the story for the most part.
And you see, again, this dream world, it's delineated throughout the movie by blue light and by Christmas lights.
Obviously, again, he sets it in dream world Manhattan on a London soundstage at Christmas time.
So, of course, naturally, there would be Christmas lights everywhere.
But there is this whole theme of blue light and Christmas lights marking the dream world.
And then the light changing when Bill, as Bill goes from his journey into night and into seeing the true real face of power.
And, of course, you know, we started with the don't you want to go where the rainbow ends.
And we'll get into all this in the commentary.
But, again, another piece of evidence of this movie being about elite pedophilia and the Epstein Prince Andrew world that has existed for a long time
and how that is the kind of blood ritual that ties together this dark star of American violence.
The models at the beginning asked Bill, don't you want to go where the rainbow ends?
And he says, where's that?
And, obviously, again, I used as the quote at the beginning.
And in the movie, under the rainbow, it's rainbow rentals.
It's where the incredible Rod Sharbeja plays the costume rental shop.
You know, it's rainbow rentals.
And, of course, under the rainbow is where Rod, as the father, sells his daughter to rich pedophiles.
So, again, if this movie is about finding out where the rainbow ends, where that arc ends, where the highest levels of power gets you,
where the highest levels of fame and celebrity gets you,
where that ends is a father selling his daughter to be sacrificed.
And it's almost a sacrifice to rich pedophiles, as we talked about.
Again, the idea of sacrificing your children being prerequisite in The Shining to interface and engage with the dark star,
interface with that system of power.
Jack realizes he must correct Danny and sacrifice him in order to join the ranks of the elite that he so wants to.
And, again, here, 19 years later, we see that idea echoed with Bill and the choice he's given.
And we'll get to all that, obviously.
But we're dealing here, again, with this dance between the dream world and the real world.
And, you know, at the beginning, I scored the Don't You Want to Go Where the Rainbow Ends line.
I scored it with a very dramatic beat of mine, one that goes from, oh, yeah, I do all the music in these shows.
I'm going to do a different beat of mine.
I used to be great at this shit.
I used to be the best at this shit.
Hopefully you'll see over, once we get to episode 50 or 100, you'll see.
But I got a lot of unused music sitting around.
But, you know, I scored it dramatically with a piece that goes from very ethereal to very, you know, crashing and heavy.
And that's my dichotomy.
Kubrick scores, as, of course, only Kubrick could, much more coyly, mysteriously, ironically.
He scores the whole movie with Shostakovich's Waltz No. 2.
It's kind of this recurring theme that scores this movie.
It's the...
And again, you know, this theme is played as the theme music for the waltz between dreams and reality.
And paralleled by, later in, obviously, the orgy scene, the image of the fully clothed men and women, the fully clothed elites in tuxedos and masks at the party, dancing with their naked sex slaves.
That's how you can...
When you hear Shostakovich's Waltz No. 2 in this movie, that's kind of the image that can stick with you.
One side fully clothed in a mask, one side naked, the light side and the dark side.
The dreams and reality dancing together.
And, you know, through this theme, it's kind of ironic.
Of course, it wouldn't be Kubrick without slightly ironic music usage to some degree.
But, you know, ironically and coyly posing the question that the waltz poses.
You know, who's going to lead?
Who's going to follow?
Who's this sexual, mysterious dance between dreams and reality?
And this dance between the scene and the unseen in this, you know, eternal forbidden waltz together as we dance between dreams and reality of either waking up or shutting our eyes and going back to sleep.
As you can see both through this waltz theme and as we talked about the use of blue lights and Christmas lights that punctuate and perforate this movie.
We're in this dance between the dream world we all choose to live in and the real world that's revealed to Bill.
We're in this dance too within this movie as Kubrick is elevating the plot melody world chords dynamic to this, again, highest and most profound logical conclusion.
It's a movie about that dichotomy that he has been working on for 30 plus years.
And this, the melody chords dichotomy used as a vehicle for this enchanting treacherous waltz between dreams and reality that we all do in ignoring the true face of power and its horror all around us in America.
You know, it's highly stylized and theatrical and in a way only Kubrick could do.
But it's a movie about the choice we face every day.
Do we talk about how horrible shit is?
Do we try to do something about it?
Or do we all go back to sleep and go back to living in the dream world?
You know, in posing that question just here in this moment, once again, we talk about the horrific, tragic, hilarious, brutal prescience of Kubrick, you know, with Dr. Strangelove.
And, you know, if he could have seen the Epstein saga unfold and if he could have seen us get to this precipice where the doors are blown off and we see the names and there's a flight log and we can see this thing and it's happening.
And it's suddenly happening so fast and people are like, yeah, they're probably going to kill him in jail.
And then they do.
And then to watch everyone go back to sleep, to watch it just become this crazy guy did this crazy thing.
And maybe this maybe this isn't anything more than that.
Maybe this isn't a sign of the true face of power.
Maybe this isn't what Bill saw in the mansion.
You know, again, it's enough to make him spin in his grave and go insane.
And, you know, and there's an echo of we're talking about this idea of elite pedophilia, obviously echoing the shinings, all the best people line, as we talk about the idea of all the best people, the elites, the nobles, the royalty, the movie stars, the four presidents, the jet setters before there was a jet set, all participating in the horrors at the Overlook Hotel.
And, of course, this being a metaphor for all the elites and the power structure participating in the American Dark Star, participating, interfacing with the evil that it requires and the evil in the arc of violence that it defines and is the apex of.
It's also interesting echo or reverberation of Strangelove and the ending when Dr. Strangelove presents the eugenics plan to the American power structure.
That basically all the elites are down once they realize they can fuck.
It's kind of echoed here that the true, again, the true nature of power is sealed with bonds of pedophilia.
And specifically, you know, the elites subjugating the masses in any way they want, whenever they want, however they want, until the end of time.
I think that's, in this understanding, more what pedophilia represents.
It's the most taboo thing, the thing you can't even show, the thing you never talk about, the most horrific thing you can do outside of, you know, murdering someone.
I guess it's probably raping a child, obviously, right?
So, it's done as a show that there are no laws.
There is no rule higher than this.
There is no moral authority.
There is no moral justification.
There is no, that is an outdated idea.
And as we'll talk about, of course, once we get to A Clockwork Orange, these are the omni ones.
These are the ones who can see the bigger picture.
These are the ones who, like Kubrick, can see this arc of violence.
And there is no greater loyalty to it.
You've sacrificed your children.
You'll sacrifice other people's children.
You'll rape children.
You'll seal yourself in bonds of blood forever, in loyalty to this dark star.
And with this understanding of the series, we can see what this movie is about and what Kubrick was trying to tell us.
And that's, you know, a remarkable thing about it and something I want to do with this series and why I want to help explain these movies that really don't need to be explained.
You can get this all if you just read enough and watch enough and go back to them and really apply your mind to it.
But the reason I want to do this is because of, I think, how noble and brave that is of Kubrick, of what he did.
And we'll get into perhaps the consequences of him doing this, him trying to open our eyes with eyes wide shut.
And, you know, working on these themes throughout all his work, and especially like we're talking about this theme of elite pedophilia as the bonding tool of the dark star, you know, as far back as The Shining.
Kubrick is an omni one, too.
Kubrick sees this arc of violence.
He sees the bottom line, the real deal bottom line.
But Kubrick was, you know, presumably a good person and an artist and a gentle person who loved his family and did not go crazy, did not swear fealty and loyalty to the dark star,
but instead made these movies to try and show us, you know, as we talked about in The Strange Love.
Him saying, you know, yeah, if I focus on these things and make movies about them, these things that are abstractions in people's mind will hopefully become real.
And then hopefully maybe we'll do something about it.
And then, of course, as we discussed in The Strange Love episode, he then witnessed the second half of the 20th century and watched us continually go back to sleep,
continually live with eyes wide shut and not do anything about these things.
And that has gotten us to the point where we're at today.
So you can see, you know, thematically and stylistically or, I guess, you know, technically, technique wise and what he's doing here as a filmmaker,
you can see eyes wide shut as this culmination of themes and ideas he has been working on for three decades now plus
and elevating them to this highest and most profound level about, again, the true nature of the face of the dark star,
the true nature of the highest halls of power in this world.
So in that way, obviously, it is this personal culmination of the great Kubrick project, if we can call it that, over the last seven films.
And in another way, it also feels like, in a lot of ways, Kubrick's most personal and confessional movie.
I always notice that at the end, when, you know, after Bill's gone to the party and the dream world is spilling over into the real world,
or more accurately, vice versa, the real world of the mansion party in the face of the dark star is spilling over into the dream world
that Bill is trying to protect with his family.
In those scenes at the end, when it's become untenable and he has to tell Alice because it's gone too far,
Bill at the end starts to dress a little more like Kubrick.
He sheds his tuxedo and his suit and his Manhattan Power clothes and is wearing a red sweater over a white shirt and a jacket.
He looks much more dressed as like Kubrick did.
But we can see, let's talk about how it feels personal and confessional.
Now, we'll talk about this probably, maybe, in the Barry Landon episode.
I'm not sure how that'll go, but we'll see.
But if we don't talk about it, a lot of people probably know that something happened on the set of Barry Landon,
supposedly with Ryan O'Neill and Kubrick's daughter.
We talked about how Kubrick loved to have his family around him during the production of movies.
And would keep them close and was very family oriented.
They were a family that lived in a big mansion in England and would watch movies together every night or every night he could.
But he was obviously rich and famous and busy.
But anyway, supposedly, it sounds like Ryan O'Neill came on to his daughter or made a pass at his daughter.
Something happened with Ryan O'Neill and Kubrick's daughter.
And Kubrick was furious.
And he had to be convinced, it sounds like, to not assault Ryan O'Neill.
And then had to be convinced to not fire him and keep working on.
A lot of that story is hearsay and secondhand knowledge.
So who knows what the truth is there.
But presuming there's something that happened there.
And then combining that with the themes of pedophilia and present in The Shining that we talked about.
And the themes of the personal and confessional quality of The Shining as well.
We talked about how there's a lot of Jack and Kubrick, it felt like to me.
And the production of that movie, putting yourself through this hell, is almost a penance or a diagnosing of one's own flaws and sins.
Anyway, Kubrick was one of the...
He was rich and famous and highly respected.
And one of the elite glitterati who was granted access to the privileged halls of power and fame in this world.
But I've always thought, you know, he's a film director who was invited to the highest parties because he's the coolest director in the world.
And people want to be next to him and clout chase him.
Similar to the way Bill is, you know, a useful person in this world of useless monsters.
He's a doctor.
But he's a level below the people whose mansions he's going to.
The same way Kubrick was.
You know, he's a film director.
He's rich, but these people are rich.
These people, you know, their families made money off the slave trade and the opium trade and the Third Reich and now the Fourth Reich.
These people have billions of dollars.
They are rich, rich.
Victor Ziegler and Bill are not even in the same league.
And again, my brother and Will Minnaker went into this a lot as seeing Eyes Wide Shut as a class or cast power fantasy movie.
A movie about people of a lower class fantasizing about what it's like to be in higher class.
And that line between dreams and reality.
And of course, that is very much there, too.
But in this discussion of this movie about elite pedophilia, and again, the theme of pedophilia present from The Shining all the way to this 19 years later.
This movie does feel particularly confessional and personal.
And it feels like the ending, of course, when Bill and Alice agree to just close their eyes, go home and fuck, go back to sleep, live with eyes wide shut, because that's all they can do.
And also that will save their daughter.
This is just me, again, speculating.
But it always felt, again, personal and confessional.
And it felt like perhaps an acknowledgment that Kubrick and presumably Christiane as well, his wife, perhaps they had to make the choice at some point to shut their eyes to whatever horror they saw.
As they themselves climbed the ranks of power and engaged with the interface of power and saw what this world really was.
It feels like a lot of guilt is built into Kubrick's portrayal of Bill.
For someone who cared so deeply about his family, whose family seemed to be his main and perhaps only anchor to this world.
Perhaps his only connection to the goodness of humanity and the universe.
Because as we talked about, he's not a misanthrope.
He doesn't hate people, but he can't not see the river of blood.
That's what this last seven film arc is all about.
It's about him presenting this alternate history where we do acknowledge the things we don't talk about.
We do try to open our eyes and try to talk about the things that are left unsaid and unseen.
But his family kept him anchored to what was good about this world and why he loved being alive and the goodness of humanity and the universe.
I wonder if the idea that his work may have put his family in danger, that he, by having his family on the set of Barry Lyndon and whatever may have happened,
I wonder if that racked him with guilt for, you know, this is 24 years later.
And I wonder if that was the guilt that he was dealing with in The Shining as well.
You know, I wonder if that's why it was his next project that he decided to adapt the kind of B-movie Stephen King book about going crazy and a cabin fever in an isolated mansion or hotel in the woods.
I wonder if that was that act of penance like we're talking about.
It was I wonder if there was some guilt.
Obviously, that's all speculation.
But those themes are clearly present through his work.
And regardless of the data of his personal life and how it may have played into this this work in viewing it in the larger context of his his work in these last seven movies,
as we're doing it, you know, with this series, you can really see how personal this movie is and how it is this culmination of this again, this plot melody, world chords dynamic and culmination of themes he's been working on for years and years.
It is extremely personal and confessional, regardless of whatever the true history of Kubrick and his relationship with this story is.
So obviously, with this episode, I want to focus more on how Eyes Wide Shut completes the picture of America in these four films of the last seven and more about elite pedophilia being the true nature of this movie and how it's hinted at.
And being this this this sealing blood ritual between the true halls of power in America and the true the way you seal, you know, sign your your blood oath to the dark star is through going to an elite pedophile party and going to an Epstein Island party.
But also, I want to talk about, you know, I don't want to you should listen to again, the death death is just around the corner with my brother, Michael Judge and Will Miniker.
I won't repeat it too much here. But, you know, it's also very much about the power structure and about Bill trying to climb this power structure and about the fantasies of power from people of a lower social caste dreaming about becoming powerful.
You know, we'll get into this in the commentary. But at one point, you can see there is a rook.
It's it's like a book end, you know, like a weight that you put at the end of a shelf of books.
And it's a rook. It's a horse's head, like a rook chess piece in Bill's office.
I think that's, you know, a perfect little I'm trying so hard not to use the word Kubrickian ever in the series.
And I want you to give me credit for that. So I'm not going to use it.
It's a perfect little Kubrick moment. This perfect little meme in the background.
The rook signifying that, you know, despite Bill's money and all his good looks and his charm and his seven figure Park Avenue apartment and his perfect family.
He's still just a rook in service of the king.
And a rook can only move in the patterns that have been defined for it.
You know, any attempt to move outside of those patterns breaks the rules of the game.
The rook quite literally cannot do that in chess.
And just to quote Grady from The Shining, the rook goes outside those pre-established patterns.
He must be corrected.
Again, obviously, you can see this echo of this idea of a power structure and needing to be corrected.
Along with it, the way the elites deal with Bill the day after the party.
The fact that he transgresses, he breaks the rules.
He climbs one rung too high on the ladder of power and he must be corrected.
Corrected again, you know, in terms of the system of power emanating from the American Dark Star.
You can see these, again, these themes present in Eyes Wide Shut and how he is echoing and reverberating and coming full circle to themes that we've talked about this whole series throughout his whole career.
And again, we'll get into this in the commentary about the ending, but talking about themes coming full circle from The Shining.
That's again echoed in the ending when their child, Helena, disappears from sight in an aisle full of stuffed bears.
Once again, we talked about the connection of Danny and bears in The Shining.
And then, of course, the scene of the bear blowing the member of elite society and the bear being a symbol for elite pedophilia within the overlook.
So it's no coincidence that they lose track of their daughter in the store as they're talking about whether or not to stay awake or go back to sleep and go back to living with their eyes wide shut.
They lose track of their daughter down an aisle full of stuffed bears.
We'll get into all this in the commentary, but again, just drawing the idea that this is a kind of culmination and very personal, full circle project from Kubrick.
And again, as we talked about the horrific prescience of Kubrick and a lot of his ideas coming true,
my brother supposed this on his Death Ours Just Around the Corner episode.
And of course, he was right.
Nick Nightingale, the character who is Bill's old friend who ushers him into engaging with this elite, you know, underground orgy and this engaging with the face of power.
Nick Nightingale, the name obviously always stands out.
It is directly translated from Trommnovell, from the German word Nachtegall.
Nachtegall is the protagonist's old friend.
And of course, the Nachtegall battalion is a group of far right Ukrainian Nazis who, under the leadership of Stepan Banderas,
the leader of Ukrainian nationalist group OUNB, worked together with the Nazis to fight the Russians in World War II.
And later, after World War II, worked with U.S. and British intelligence agencies to fight the Soviet Union.
Now again, of course, as we speak, we are literally seeing the descendants of the Bandarites in this Russia-Ukraine war.
And the Nachtegall, the descendants of the Nachtegall battalion lead the global pro-Ukraine push in the war against Russia.
And, you know, with blue-check liberals, as we talked about, celebrities proudly endorsing a war of Nazi-descended Ukrainians against Russian communists.
Once again, Kubrick's, you know, horribly prescient vision of America as the fourth right comes just screamingly, impossibly, but inevitably true.
Again, a moment, I think, would make him roll in his grave.
He specifically left this character named Nightingale as a nod to the idea of Nachtegall.
You know, he changed all the other names, but kept that one.
You know, if Kubrick could see Midwest soccer moms parroting Bandarite talking points with their support Ukraine yard signs, he would probably laugh as he rolls in his grave.
Bill's old friend has come back to town, Nick Nachtegall.
Now, because we got to talk about the cult of mystery surrounding this movie, you know, because it's a movie about telling one story and showing another.
It's a movie inherently about mystery, again, about this dance between dreams and reality.
And it's all about telling a story you can't show.
And then, of course, because of Kubrick's sudden and untimely death and the mystery about that, and then the mystery about what version of this movie are we seeing?
Are we seeing the finished one or are we seeing something else?
You know, it is his most mysterious movie.
And then combine that with him being intentionally mysterious, that being baked into being a central core tenet of what this movie is about.
I think it is his most mysterious and definitely most misunderstood movie.
And then, of course, that mystery is only compounded and magnified and amplified by his sudden and unexpected death.
I won't draw any conclusion because, of course, I don't know.
And at this point, what does it really matter?
But, yeah, there is a plot line out there somewhere in some alternate universe or maybe this universe.
There's a thread that goes like, we'll talk about Larry Salona.
We'll get into that in the commentary.
Let's just say there's a thread that maybe Larry Salona called his boss and said,
hey, you got to see this thing I was just asked to work on.
Maybe Kubrick turned in his cut of the movie.
Maybe the elites that ran the studio saw he made a movie about elite secret sex societies and the true nature of this dark star of American power.
Maybe some phone calls were made and maybe Kubrick suddenly dies in his house at a relatively young age with relatively good health with no witnesses around.
Who knows?
I don't know what I believe.
I don't.
I try not to think about it that much.
And, again, in this series that we talked about, I don't want to mythologize the man or the data of his life and how does that translate to the mysteries of his movies.
I don't believe in that.
I believe in evaluating an artist's work first because you will be constantly disappointed by the people that they are.
But, you know, I don't know what I believe.
But what's clear in this world and clear in relation specifically and particularly to Eyes Wide Shut, what's clear in a post Epstein world is that anything should be on the table.
That not living in a reality where anything is on the table at this point here in 2022 is dishonest and irresponsible and playing, of course, right into the hands of the will of the dark star and the will of the powerful elite.
They don't want you.
They want you to think things are conspiracy theories.
They want the word conspiracy theorist to be a dirty term.
But people who get called conspiracy theorists keep getting proven right as we go throughout history.
Obviously, that has its limits and that's a dangerous way of thinking.
Just look at Kanye to see how easily manipulatable, you know, conspiracy theorists, quote unquote, are.
But a lot of conspiracy theories, quote unquote, end up being proven true.
And in a reality, again, this post Epstein reality, if we keep choosing to call them conspiracy theories, if we keep choosing to not believe this, if we keep choosing to live with our eyes wide shut, you know, what does it matter anyway?
What's the difference?
What is a conspiracy theory when you live in a dream world?
You know, so you can see the air of mystery surrounding this movie and obviously his death.
And again, like we talked about, the very idea of mystery being baked into it, the very idea of it dancing, doing this beautiful, terrible, enchanting waltz along the border between dreams and reality.
And using that as a metaphor to show us the true face of the dark star of American power and show us, again, elite pedophilia being the blood bonding ritual between these halls of power.
I guess with that understanding, once again, that's as good a place as any to get into the commentary.
So let's run it.
So I wanted to just, before we start the commentary here, make two notes.
One, first, I know it sounds crazy.
I know me saying that this is a movie about elite pedophilia and that there are signs and secrets and symbols and metaphors you can understand to build that understanding.
I know that sounds crazy and I know it probably sounds like a, you know, subjective, self-fulfilling prophecy, a self-justifying rationalization to say this movie is about elite pedophilia, especially after I admitted that I went crazy for a bit after Epstein died.
And you could say I'm looking for clues that aren't there.
I would, of course, counter that with telling you this is a movie specifically about looking for clues that aren't there.
But we're going to get into the evidence and why I think this is the case.
This is a movie about elite pedophilia and why I think you can't really understand this movie about being anything else.
But, you know, before that, in this series, we're trying to understand this overarching theme of mankind as defined by violence through these last seven Kubrick movies and specifically America as the dark star forthright apotheosis of that violence in these first four American movies.
And we're primarily looking at this, you know, this chords world dynamic we talked about, the chords and the world around the surface level story to help understand and paint this larger picture that Kubrick was trying to show.
But at the same time, you know, this this understanding and looking at this, the world and the chords, that is that is by no means required to enjoy his movies.
And, you know, he was a thorough and honest enough writer and artist and director to to never neglect the plot and the melody and what's happening on screen at the surface level.
So, you know, as we talked about, my brother and Will Manneker talked about, this is a movie about the power structure, about fantasies of power and about climbing the power structure and what happens to you if you climb too far.
And this is also very much, you know, what happens on the surface level.
I think a lot of you, you know, I told you this is a movie about elite pedophilia.
You'd say, no, this is a movie about marriage and fidelity and temptation and monogamy and about two people trying to keep a marriage together while one, you know, they both make a journey into the dark heart of temptation.
Alice does it in her own mind with her fantasies about the sailor and Bill does it with, you know, his journey into the night.
You know, that is what this movie is about on the surface level.
And it is legitimately about that.
It is a movie about trying to hold a marriage together and trying to keep it sacred from the outside forces of temptation and lust and fantasy.
And, you know, in that way, it plays with this dreams reality dance to the waltz between dreams and reality, between fantasy and reality.
And Bill and Alice are trying to hold on to the reality between them and not give in to their darker, lustful fantasies that would destroy their union.
And, you know, as Alice says at the end, you know, I do love you.
They, too, are doing this waltz between dreams and reality within their own marriage.
And Kubrick did want to focus on this.
And he did want to cast a real married couple, as we talk about with Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman, and then, you know, push them to the brink of this line between hard reality and delirious fantasy by obviously doing hundreds and hundreds of takes and pushing them as far as they could go.
So, you know, he did this to try and honestly and maturely examine a marriage.
I think this is, again, one of the part of, you know, personal and confessional aspects and autobiographical aspects of this movie.
I think it's very much Bill and Alice in some ways stand in for Stanley and Christiane.
I think it's his movie about his marriage and trying to be honest about marriage and what it is to be honest with another person.
So, if, you know, you're just watching this movie on the surface level, you can examine it that way and you can enjoy and get a lot from this plot melody that Kubrick's telling.
And there is a lot of honesty and confession within that plot.
And Kubrick did want to make a movie about marriage and monogamy and fidelity.
You can almost read this movie like the original Trom Novelle, essentially about marriage between two people who love each other, being tested by the husband's journey into the temptations of the dark forbidden night.
But once again, self-evidence of this movie and its greatness and these themes Kubrick has been working on for 30 plus years at this point.
You know, it is a movie about the dance between dreams and reality.
And it is a challenge to keep your eyes open and notice what's happening and not shut them to the horrors that are all around us.
So, with the understanding of this movie, you know, challenging you to keep your eyes open and transcend the dream world we all live in.
And let's just say this, you know, if you're doubting this reading of Eyes Wide Shut as being about elite pedophilia, you know, you could, we talked about the third act doesn't make sense.
Why the guilt?
Why the secrecy?
Why the threats of violence?
If this is what it appears to be on the surface, you know, an orgy between apparently consenting adults.
You know, you could read this third act, Intimidation of Bill, as some sort of kind of symbolic metaphorical penance for his sin of infidelity and his journey into temptation.
If this is just a movie about marriage infidelity, like it seems to be on the surface.
But in that reading, there's some problems I find with that that, you know, lead me towards my reading of it being about elite pedophilia.
You know, A, Bill never actually transgresses.
So, why the guilt?
If this is a movie about, you know, marriage infidelity and keeping a, if that's all this movie is about, and I'm reaching here with the idea of it being about elite pedophilia, he never actually transgresses.
He never actually cheats, and neither does Alice.
So, why the drama?
Why the guilt?
Why the secrecy?
Why the soul bearing at the end?
B, another problem with this understanding of it just being about what's on the surface, that idea of the third act as being kind of symbolic and metaphorical about his guilt.
That's a bigger leap in logic than what I'm suggesting, than reading the clues that it's about elite pedophilia.
If that's what you think it is, you would be supposing a surreality from Kubrick in this third act of, you know, a symbolic metaphorical world forcing penance upon Bill for his guilt.
That's not really in line with the rest of the movie, and that surreality is kind of a bigger leap in logic than what I'm saying.
Again, you know, replace all the 23-year-old models with 14-year-old models, and this whole movie makes sense.
And also, you know, you would be ignoring the years of clues and themes we've been talking about in this series, and let's never forget Kubrick was Mr. Attention to Detail, and none of these choices were arbitrary.
Clearly, if he's, you know, if there's themes he's working on for 30-plus years, these are not arbitrary choices, and they mean something.
And again, the central core tenet of this movie is telling the story, telling one story and showing another, telling a story about the things we can't show.
So it asks you to keep your eyes wide open and not shut them as well.
So, again, you know, I know it sounds crazy, and these days, frighteningly, you know, QAnon-adjacent of me to say that this movie is about elite pedophilia.
And your first question is probably, you know, how would Kubrick know about any of this to make this movie?
Well, as we talked about, you know, he was rich and famous in climbing the ladder of the power structure, and he was the kind of guy who would have been invited to the most elite parties by the enlightened few.
But as we talked about, you know, he was working on this idea back in The Shining.
He was working on this idea 19 years before, and the suggestion that it's a large, again, part of the larger overarching arc of man's violence, that pedophilia is this blood bonding ritual between nobility and elites, and has been, again, since the days of Caligula and the feudal samurai.
And it's this thing that goes hand in hand, you know, this blood ritual that goes hand in hand to seal their secrets with.
You know, you ask, but you might ask, you know, how would he know?
How would he make a movie about this?
And the real answer to that question is, again, self-evidence of this theme and the idea of this movie being about the secret face of power that we all choose to shut our eyes to.
Because the real answer to that question is everybody knew.
So, I mean, Bill Clinton, Bill Gates, Stephen Pinkert, Leon Black, all associating with Jeffrey Epstein after Epstein has been arrested for pedophilia-related charges in 2009.
You know, Acosta saying he tried to investigate Epstein but was told to lay off because he's intelligence.
You know, Ghislaine Maxwell attending Chelsea Clinton's wedding again after the Epstein charges are well known.
So, the photo of Ghislaine and Kevin Spacey sitting on the British royal thrones, which is a crime, is a crime for anyone but the king and queen to sit on those.
You know, that would have been possible to do without clearance by the highest level of authority.
How would Kubrick know?
Because everybody knew.
And that is, again, evidence of the central theme of the movie of eyes wide shut.
These are the things everyone at the highest level of power knows and keeps secret from us.
And these are the things even we know.
Again, we talked about how Kubrick would have rolled in his grave if he could have seen the Epstein saga and seen us see the face of power, see the list of names.
And then choose to shut our eyes again.
And now, two years after his death, three years after his arrest, it's just a crazy thing that happened and we don't see the larger arc there.
You know, so once again, this movie doesn't really make sense without the understanding that it's about this secret face of power in the American Dark Star and sealed in blood ties by the most forbidden ritual of elite pedophilia.
That reading of this movie, you know, just being about marriage and monogamy, again, doesn't explain the entire third act, why this elite secret society needs to intimidate and threaten Bill into silence.
If it's, you know, just a movie about this dance between fidelity and temptation.
So once again, we see why it's particularly vital to examine the plot and melody and the world and chords dynamic with eyes wide shut.
Again, how this is a central tenet to the movie and that dynamic is elevated to be what this movie is about.
And again, elevating it to its most profound logical conclusion and being about the things we don't talk about and the story we can't show.
And about the space between the things we see and the things that make us shut our eyes.
That's where this movie lives and that's what it's about.
So let's get into it. Eyes wide shut.
So, of course, we open with Shostakovich's Waltz No. 2 and we're starting with the waltz, the dance between dreams and reality.
And we open with Alice and Bill.
And the first shot, of course, is Alice getting naked in front of the camera, exposing herself.
And then the title Eyes Wide Shut plays.
And like we talked about, Kubrick was interested in, he wanted to cast a real life married couple to play the married couple of Alice and Bill and cast Nicole and Tom.
So we start here.
We're already starting with this dance, with the dreams of the border between dreams and reality.
And you can see already from the from the first shot that blue light is pouring in from the window.
Again, we talked about it being done on a soundstage in London, standing in for 1999 Manhattan.
And the blue light, the theme of blue light and Christmas lights throughout the movie kind of delineating the fantasy, the dream world and the real world.
And so we see the dream world is pouring in from the windows, from this outside world into their reality of their marriage and their home.
And, you know, this obviously goes with the theme of how we live in this dream world.
And it's important that we start the movie seeing them preparing to go out in the dream world.
They are putting on their faces.
They're there, you know, in the bathroom together, preparing to engage with the dream world.
And it's interesting, too, a nice little note of kind of the misogyny baked into marriage of when Alice asks, how do I look?
And Bill doesn't even look at her and says, perfect.
There's a lot we talked about in The Shining.
But I think, again, the personal confessional autobiographical tone of these movies,
there's a lot of Kubrick examining his own behavior within his own marriage or the behavior of the husband within the marriage and how it can be repressive and misogynistic and, you know, disrespectful of this person you're supposed to love.
Anyway, it's an interesting note.
And another interesting note we talked about earlier in Full Metal Jacket, another bathroom scene.
We start, Kubrick has used these bathroom scenes to The Shining.
Full Metal Jacket, Strange Love.
Now here in Eyes Wide Shut and another scene where we see the private, Kubrick kind of places a lot of pivotal moments, pivotal private moments that advance the stories and the plot in the world in bathrooms.
So we start with Alice and Bill, the blue light of the dream world pouring into their real world apartment, the reality of their lives and their marriage and their place they live together.
We start with them putting on their faces, preparing to go out into the dream world.
Obviously, again, I'll try not to rhapsodize about the greatness of these movies and turn this into the Chris Farley show.
But Tom and Nicole are both great in this.
And there's a great little bit of acting here from Tom Cruise as they say goodbye to their daughter Helena and the babysitter Roz.
And I could do a whole, maybe I will do a whole episode one day on Tom Cruise and how I think he's a human being who's only comfortable acting and only comfortable performing and why that makes him endlessly fascinating.
But you can see them go from, you know, this kind of little disagreement or spat they're having, but this kind of little tension in their marriage to when he sees Roz, an outsider, Tom Cruise, turns on the million dollar smile and he says, all right, Helena, you two have a great night.
You know, it's a great little bit of acting from him there.
So now Alice and Bill get to Victor Ziegler's party.
And just a note before we start, Victor Ziegler, again, Kubrick leaving hints with the names.
Victor Ziegler from German could be translated to conquering bricklayer.
Perhaps a little cheeky, tongue in cheek Freemason reference here.
Interesting.
Either way, Bill and Alice get to the Ziegler party in his beautiful billion dollar brownstone Manhattan house for the New York Manhattan elite.
And as we talked about in the intro and as my brother and Will talked about on their podcast, there are clear signs that this is a swingers party.
This is a party for the elite to go and fuck each other's wives and get drunk and do drugs and do whatever they want.
You know, clearly, as we see with Ziegler, you know, fucking Amanda in the bathroom doing speedballs together, or at least Amanda doing a speedball, presumably.
We see this idea reflected in their introduction when Ziegler and his wife meet Bill and Alice.
And Ziegler says, you know, Alice, you look absolutely stunning.
And I don't say that to all the girls, do I?
And his wife says, yes, he does.
There's a nice little nod there that they're picking people up and that even his wife is like, oh, yeah, he flirts with all the girls.
Again, we're playing with this reality, dreams reality dance and what we say to each other and then what it really means.
That's a type of thing you hear all the time at a party is a wife, you know, smacking her husband saying, gosh, he's just such a flirt.
And in reality, they're both looking to pick up people to fuck at their elite Manhattan swingers party.
So that's interesting.
And of course, as you see, this entire party is drenched in Christmas lights everywhere you go.
It's strings of Christmas lights and strings of white lights and blue lights.
And again, clearly, we're here in the dream world.
We're here.
This is, as we say, these blue lights and Christmas lights punctuate and perforate this movie.
So it's a nice little guy.
Whenever you see those lights, you can know, oh, we're here in the dream world.
And again, what I'm seeing is not necessarily what's happening or what I'm seeing is dishonest.
And there's you can know that's a little sign from Kubrick to know he's telling you one thing and showing you another there.
But again, as we talked about this idea of this movie being about elite pedophile, pedophilia already on the surface,
they are having a barely disguised swingers party for Manhattan elites where you either actually do sneak off to the bathroom or the sculpture gallery and go fuck and fulfill all your dark temptations.
Or as Bill and Alice do, you wave the stud horses around to get horny enough to go home and fuck your wife.
If that is what is happening on the surface and that is no stretch of imagination.
Elite swingers parties happen all the time and it's all an understanding that we're rich and life is boring.
And sometimes you've got to spice things up a little.
They used to call them key parties in the 70s.
If that is what's happening on the surface that everyone knows about and everyone participates in here in this dream world that we all live in,
swinger parties and key parties and the tongue-in-cheek nature of elites going to those parties to let their hair down,
then again, what happens at the mansion?
What's happening in private?
If this is on the surface, what happens that's so horrible?
They have to hide it.
And only the strictest, highest, most stratified level of elites can go there.
And if anyone intrudes and sees what they're doing, they'll threaten him with violence and death.
Again, the only answer and the answer that this movie hints towards is elite pedophilia.
It's the most horrific and shameful thing a human can do and it has to be kept secret because it is this horrific blood rite of more or less child sacrifice
that the bonds of power are sealed with before and in reverence to the American Dark Star.
Bill and Alice, as they're dancing, Alice asks him,
Why do you think Ziegler invites us to these parties every year?
And Bill says, That's what doing house calls gets you.
And again, we go back to this idea of the power structure and the ranks of the power structure that this movie is about.
And again, we talked about this in the intro, but Bill, as a doctor, is useful to the elite class.
He is a useful person.
So they allow him to come to the parties and he gets his nice life.
But again, he's nowhere near the level of Ziegler and the real elites at the mansion party, as we'll see.
But it's this interesting idea of Bill being, again, a rook just below the kings and queens, just below.
He's in the court.
He gets invited to the parties, but he's not quite at the level he wants to be about.
And again, this movie is also all about people fantasizing about climbing that ladder to the next rung.
So we get this understanding here, even from this first scene, that Bill gets invited here because he does house calls.
And he's useful to this elite class until, of course, he is no longer useful.
And now, of course, we see the introduction of Nick Noctegal, Nick Nightingale, Bill's old friend he went to medical school with.
And this right here is a reach, what I'm about to say.
I know this is not the case.
But if you see when Bill and Alice first noticed Nick Nightingale, you'll see he is sitting in front of a Christmas wreath.
But it is a Christmas wreath that is a circle of triangles.
It's a weird Christmas wreath.
It almost looks weird and pentagramic or demonic.
And again, this is a reach that I don't think this is what it was.
I think it's more just extending the Christmas light theme.
But, you know, it is a spiral of triangles similar to the Nambla logo.
And the logo that was, of course, if you've done some research on the mask at Ghislaine's house in that Getty Images picture, a triangle spiraling in on itself.
And I just want to take a note of how fucking creepy that is and how, you know, it represents this vampiric pedophile process.
Each pedophile creates another pedophile.
The way each vampire's bite creates another vampire's bite.
And someday I'm going to do an episode about how vampires are pedophiles.
And you're probably thinking, all right, dude, you went way off the deep end of this.
But think about it.
The other horror tropes make sense.
Werewolf.
What if a man was a beast?
Zombies.
Ghosts.
Mummies.
What if the dead came back to life?
You know, ghouls and spirits and witches.
What if we could engage with hell or the dark side of this cosmic world?
And then there's vampires who are rich men who live in castles away from society, who can never show their true face in the light of day or they'll be destroyed.
Who are afflicted with an eternal sickness and an eternal hunger where they can only feed on virgin blood, on clean blood of the untainted.
And when they bite a new victim, they make him a vampire too.
Hmm, there's something going on there with pedophiles.
Maybe we should look at Nosferatu again.
But anyway, that's a digression I may regret saying.
Again, I don't believe that's what this is.
It's just a thing that made me think of it.
But anyway, we see Bill and Alice separate.
And Bill go talk to Nick Nightingale.
And it's going to be hard not to call him Noctagall now.
But he goes and talks to his old friend Nick from medical school.
And just a little note here.
It's interesting.
Once again, Bill is an aspiring bohemian.
He's aspiring to be elite, but he also wants to be cool.
And he wants to be a cool jazz guy with his cool jazz friend Nick.
And when he tells him, you know, I'm playing down in the village, he very coolly says, I'll be there.
And once again, continuing this theme of Kubrick examining kind of bohemian neoliberals who desire to be cultured,
while also desire to participate in the blood rites of the American Dark Star and the highest levels of evil at the highest levels of power.
So now we get to the scene with Alice meeting Sandor Savas.
And just now, before I started doing this commentary and kind of laying out my outline to do this,
I looked up the Wikipedia page to see who the actor that played Sandor Savas was.
And boy, am I glad I did.
Once again, I did not go into this whole series with this knowledge.
So again, I just found this out five minutes ago.
Sandor Savas is played by Sky Dumont, who is a German slash Argentine actor.
So now when you see the phrase German slash Argentine, that should probably raise some alarm bells.
So I did a little digging.
Sky Dumont's family is related to the famous German publishers M. Dumont Schauberg.
M. Dumont Schauberg, one of Germany's oldest and most successful publishers,
has been owned and operated by the Nevin Dumont family since 1805.
Dumont Schauberg was run by Alfred Nevin Dumont, who was a member of the German Nazi Party.
Big surprise, huh?
And Alfred Nevin Dumont used Dumont Schauberg to publish and promote Nazi ideological propaganda.
Sky Dumont's Wikipedia page says his family moved to Argentina to flee the Nazis in the 1930s.
Now that's an interesting choice of word.
And certainly the story they must have told.
But there seems to be conflicting interests there.
That's an interesting timeline.
But of course, Dumont Schauberg is now Dumont Mediengruppe and is still in operation today as one of, again,
Germany's oldest, largest, and most successful publishing houses.
So once again, it's just a little note of the Fourth Reich here.
Clearly Kubrick here is again hinting at the Fourth Reich, at the idea of Nazism surviving World War II
and creeping and extending beyond its supposed borders into the very essence of American life and the very essence of the modern Western world.
And again, the very essence of the true face of power and the dark star of the American elite that this movie is about.
You know, the conspicuous way he introduces himself saying,
My name is Sandor Savas. I'm Hungarian.
It could be, you know, a slight nod to this as well.
That he is of some indiscriminate foreign origin with, you know, an accent you can't quite place like you would have if you were a German Nazi who grew up in Argentina.
Yeah. Savas here being the face of, you know, elite courtly manners and this elite seduction, the seduction of nobility towards Alice,
I think is again, unmistakably a nod to the true face of power underneath all this pomp and circumstance of the highest levels of, you know, elite American power.
At its core, it's a bunch of Nazi-descended monsters sealing their blood oath violence with elite pedophilia.
So, once again, I'm real glad I looked up the Wikipedia page of Sky Dumont before this because, you know, we talked about no choice of Kubrick is arbitrary.
And, you know, there's not a ton of hints at Nazism in this movie, but there's one.
So, here again, we are working with this idea of the Fourth Reich, the secret face of power, and how, obviously, it entices Bill.
That's what most of the plot action of this movie is about.
But here it entices Alice as well through Sandor Savas, who is Hungarian.
Of course, you know, this scene starts with Savas taking Alice's glass and she says, oh, I think that's my glass.
And he says, oh, I'm absolutely quite sure of it.
And then drinks from it.
Obviously, many of you will know it's an age-old sign of an indication of sexual pursuit, that you would take the cup of someone who you wanted to sleep with and you would drink it in front of them.
You know, it's something that happened centuries and centuries ago and happens for centuries and centuries.
So, clearly here we're dealing, again, with this member of the elite, the member of the Dark Star nobility, trying to seduce Alice.
And then, of course, they dance and he offers to so graciously take her up to the sculpture gallery and fuck her.
And, again, you know, a piece of evidence in the scene when she says, I don't think my husband would be very happy about things.
Oh, what a shame.
Another piece of evidence is we're at a swingers party here and we'll get into this more.
But, you know, the bonds of marriage, the bonds of family, they don't really apply here.
These people have a deeper understanding.
And he's not, you know, put on.
He didn't say, oh, I'm so sorry you're married.
I didn't understand.
I would never do that.
It's what a shame you won't come to the sculpture gallery and fuck.
So, again, you know, we see Alice being flirted with and pursued by Sandor Savos.
And then we see Bill flirting with and being pursued by the two models.
And we'll get to Don't You Want to Go Where the Rainbow Ends here in a moment.
But there's this idea here, as we talked about at the party, this is a swingers party.
And it's for elites to let their hair down and go fuck each other's wives and girlfriends.
And this ties into this idea of omni ones.
And, again, we'll talk about that in the Clockwork Orange episode.
But the omni ones, the elites, the ones who know the face of the dark star, the ones who truly know and understand the bottom line of violence,
who understand what the real deal is and what this world is and what it's made out of,
even if it's just on the level of understanding no allegiance to anything other than power.
You know, these people are, they don't have this middle class bourgeoisie morality that Alice and Bill do.
They don't struggle with these questions of marriage and monogamy and fidelity.
They are omni ones.
They have a mutual understanding of no allegiance to anything other than power.
And it's conquest and doing what they want when they want, fulfilling their desires at the cost of anyone who gets in their way.
And it's a great note that both, you know, obviously we talked about this movie about marriage and fidelity.
This is a party full of the elite omni ones fucking each other.
And Bill and Alice go to it too.
But they use it, again, they wave the stud horses around to get horny.
They wave the people they're interested in fucking in front of themselves to get themselves juiced up and horny.
And then, of course, they go home and fuck to a Chris Isaac song.
I think it's a Chris Isaac.
I've done a bad, bad thing or whatever.
They don't use the party as intended because they are not yet omni ones.
They are still afflicted with this middle class bourgeoisie morality and the, oh, what a faith and temptation and fidelity.
And, oh, it's so epic and so hard.
These people are way past that.
These are people who have seen the true face of the dark star or have sworn allegiance to it or are in pursuit of that allegiance and are climbing the social ladder themselves.
But the idea of bonds of family or love or monogamy or fidelity or fatherhood, motherhood, having a child, these are outdated, irrelevant bonds that are pushed by the wayside.
And, again, this is all happening here on the surface in the dream world.
This is all.
And let me tell you just from being a fucking musician in L.A., that's absolutely 100% true and real.
We'll talk about it.
But that is where the rainbow ends, is a place where you do anything and get away with it because you have no allegiance to anything other than the cult of you.
Having a wife or children or someone you love puts up barriers to you that is absolutely a strategic disadvantage in your career and in climbing the ranks of power.
Still being a human and having a human heart and not willing to, you know, look at fucking spreadsheets for eight hours a day or clout chase your way into, you know, forming relationships with people who will advance your career.
That is where the rainbow ends.
And it's absolutely true and accurate.
So, of course, Bill is tempted by the two models.
And as we used in the intro, they ask him, don't you want to go where the rainbow ends?
And he says, where is that?
And she says, well, let's find out.
And, of course, as we talked about in the intro, that is later echoed and paralleled with rainbow rentals and where the rainbow ends being where a father sells his daughter to rich pedophiles.
So, again, we're clearly working with this theme and it's not hard to draw that connection.
And where the rainbow ends, you know, the idea of the rainbow, again, we're playing with this dance between dreams and reality, a fantasy and reality.
And where the fantasy ends is the mansion is, again, with Prince Andrew and Jeffrey Epstein and elite pedophiles doing the most horrific things they can to seal their blood oath in the bonds of power and seal their secrets before the dark star.
We're playing with that dichotomy, this whole movie and the idea of fantasy and reality.
And, of course, right after the scene, she says, don't you want to go where the rainbow ends?
Bill is called up to meet with Victor in the bathroom.
And as he's called up, you know, we see the lobby of the house or the lower level all drenched in Christmas lights in this beautiful spiral staircase, drenched with these white shining star lights.
And then smash cut to Victor Ziegler shirtless but still with his suspenders on and the passed out, nearly dead model Amanda in the chair.
So clearly, once again, this is also where the rainbow ends, where we're smash cutting from the dream world of the lower floor to the real world of the second floor.
And again, here, Bill the Rook proves his usefulness to the elite, just like Jack in The Shining as a steward of power, as a servant of power.
He comes up here, he makes sure she won't die, and he agrees to keep the secret for Ziegler.
So you see how Bill is useful in this world and how he is trying to be an omni one as well and let them know, hey, I won't tell anybody.
You do your thing, man.
You're a good guy, Vic.
We're great friends.
I would never tell anybody, least of all your wife.
We see Bill make himself useful to the elite as he, again, goes from the dream world of downstairs to the real world of upstairs and sees an elite rich man and a dying woman.
And again, so go back to this idea of this movie being about elite pedophilia.
And again, this dance between what they can show, what Kubrick could show and what he couldn't show in the story he was telling and the story he was showing.
You know, this scene would logically confound that reading because Amanda is clearly an adult and is dealt with as such, as we see later in the Larry Salona article about her death later.
She's an adult model. I can't remember the age it gives her.
It's 25, 31, something.
We'll get there and see her age.
But again, this idea is not to be read specifically.
You can't, or in hard concrete terms, you can't line it up.
Because again, we're dealing with this blurred line between dreams and reality.
But we'll get there, obviously.
Don't get caught up on the specifics here of Amanda or her age.
We'll get there.
But larger point being, again, this is what's happening on the surface level.
You know, Bill's elite friend who he wants to, you know, cater to and be obsequious to, his real rich friend who he really wants to get next to at his own party, you know, fucks a young girl who overdoses on a speedball and nearly dies in his bathroom.
So again, if that's what's happening on the surface level, if that's what's happening in the dream world, what happens in the real world at the mansion?
And we'll get there, clearly.
This is a three-hour movie with a ton to talk about, so I'll try not to sit here and diagnose every little scene.
But in the scene where, you know, Amanda wakes up, there's just a couple of nice parallels.
Obviously here, Bill saves Amanda's life and explains to her, you know how lucky you are.
And then later, Amanda at the party tries to save Bill's life and tells him, do you know how much trouble you're in?
There's a nice mirror and back and forth there.
And also a nice mirror and parallel of the way Ziegler says to Bill, you know, I know I don't have to say this, but don't tell anyone about this.
And he kind of gently puts his hands on Bill's front.
And there's a nice parallel there with the ending scene of Ziegler and Bill in the billiards room, as we'll talk about the incredible ending of that.
That whole scene's incredible with the ending, especially one of Kubrick's greatest shots.
But he, of course, puts his hands on Bill's back as he assures him, things that you saw aren't what you saw.
And the way things seem are not how they are.
So there's a nice little call and response here at the beginning.
First scene and the last scene between Bill and Ziegler.
And again, I won't repeat too much from the Death is Just Around the Corner episode of my brother and Will Minnaker did.
But they talked about how funny this scene was with Sandor Savas and Alice is and how funny a lot of the performances are and kind of ridiculous.
And that is largely the effect of Kubrick pushing Tom and Nicole, Bill and Alice, to do hundreds and hundreds of takes to force them to get to this almost delirious level where, again, they are dancing between dreams and reality.
They are dancing between a real acting of the material and a totally dreamlike, delirious, strange, funny performance of the material.
So you see even, once again, this whole movie is dealing with this melody, chords, plot, world dynamic, the split between what we see and what we don't see and what we tell you and what we show you.
And that being baked in to be the central core tenet of the script is also baked in to be, you know, kind of the central core tenet of the performances in the movie that they, Kubrick, wanted to push them to live on this borderline between dreams and reality.
And it's really interesting, you know, so much is made of Kubrick doing a thousand takes.
There's a quote in that, once again, the Stanley Kubrick archives, edited by Alison Castle.
I can't remember if I shouted out this episode, but I'll do it every episode, where he talks about that and he talks about why he did so many takes.
And he had said for the first 10, 15, 20 takes, the actor is just trying to remember the lines.
They're just trying to nail the lines.
For the next 10, 15, 20, 30 takes, the actor's trying out all their ideas, all the things they want to do as an actor in the scene.
And then by take 30, 40, 50, 60, the lines are built into their mind.
And they're, you know, worn down from trying out every idea they can to the point where they just become the people.
And they just perform the material as if it was real, as if it was something they already know in their minds.
And they're really just saying it out loud for the first time.
So you can see Kubrick using that methodology.
And really, again, this movie represents him using all his methodologies to present his reality or his portrayal of reality in this, you know, last seven films, alternate history series.
He's kind of pushing his methodologies to the height to make them both how this movie was made and what this movie is about.
So, again, you'll laugh when, you know, Sanderson and Alice, their heads are so close.
Like, he's so trying to kiss her.
They're almost doing their dialogue with their lips touching.
And it looks fucking ridiculous.
And he is this kind of ridiculously over-the-top, hilarious vision of just elite elegance.
So, madam, wouldn't you love to come suck me off in the sculpture gallery?
So parts of this movie that seem funny and ridiculous are supposed to be funny and ridiculous.
That's the larger point I'm making here.
And so, of course, now after the swinger party that Bill and Alice, because they're not yet omni ones, because they still have allegiance to each other, they're still human,
they use as the stud horse party and they get horny and go home and fuck.
And it's great that the, you know, highly stylized, it's almost like a sexy, like, Louis Vuitton ad with the song and the slow zoom in on Bill and Alice in the mirror.
It's great how that goes to black and then cuts to Bill walking into work in the next day.
Once again, we are back here with this dreams and reality, you know, the fantasy and the reality.
And although those terms can get confusing, and I'll try my best to not confuse them, because, again, the dream world is the one we think is real.
And the real world is the one we pretend doesn't exist.
So, of course, Bill goes to work, but it's the dream world.
And his work is full of hot women with big tits that he has to check out.
And there's blue light pouring through the office windows, and there's a Christmas tree with Christmas lights right outside his door.
So, of course, we're playing, we're always living on this border, and we're always living within this waltz between dreams and reality.
And we see, you know, there's a lot of emphasis placed in this montage of Alice and Helena kind of going about their day as Bill's at work,
and working on homework and wrapping Christmas presents.
Alice and Helena are constantly bathed in blue light pouring in through the windows of their apartment.
And it's just, again, you know, as we said, blue light and Christmas light can be this, you know, this, they're obviously beautiful and soft lights,
and they're also totally intimidating and terrifying in terms of recognizing what they are.
And when you see blue light and Christmas lights in this movie, recognize that's Kubrick showing you the dream world.
And there's a lot, it's just kind of a parallel of Wendy and Danny in The Shining,
and the idea of trying to protect your child, and that dream world pouring in to their real world,
and the way it's going to affect them, again, is largely what this movie's about.
And now, of course, we get to the scene where Alice and Bill smoke a joint,
and they have their conversation, more or less, about temptation and infidelity.
And Alice is giving Bill shit for flirting with the girls at the party and saying, you know,
don't your young female patients wonder what handsome Dr. Bill's little dickie looks like?
And, of course, they both have their conversation about temptation and infidelity,
and this is where Alice tells Bill the story about the sailor, and that being her temptation,
that being when, again, she didn't physically transgress.
They're not omni ones. They don't just do what they want and take what they want.
But she had a fantasy about it.
So, again, you know, I'm not going to sit here and diagnose or explain to you what's happening on the surface in the text of this movie.
You don't need me to do that. It happens in the movie. It's clear.
It's just what's interesting or an interesting note about this scene to me is the misogyny that's baked into Bill
and his understanding of his wife and who she is.
You know, the idea that women just basically don't think like that,
that women don't have the same sexual fantasies and the same libidinous desires
and the same desire for libidinous conquests and the same, you know, dark places in their minds.
You know, as Alice says, if the sailor had just looked at her, she would have left Bill and Helena forever.
She has these dark fantasies as well.
And as part of, you know, part of the self-confessional or personal or autobiographical nature of this movie to me of Kubrick,
there's a lot of diagnosing of the misogyny built into Bill's marriage and how he views his wife.
This, you know, supposed person he loves and respects,
he also puts up walls with her and puts her in a box where he considers, you know,
he doesn't even consider the fact that she would have sexual fantasies because she's his wife.
She's mine.
So there's an interesting parallel there.
And obviously this scene, again, is pushed to the brink of deluded, almost surreal performance,
the way they're completely spaced out.
This is, I think, the scene they did the most.
This is the one they did like 150 takes of.
And you can really see the exasperation and the delirious exhaustion on both their faces,
which plays into, again, the dream reality border.
This waltz that we're doing in this movie, this waltz that we're doing as the audience,
and also this waltz that they're doing in their marriage.
That suddenly the fantasy of what their marriage is becomes wrecked by their own fantasies of sex and libidinous conquest.
And desire.
So we're working on a whole bunch of themes kind of intertwining here in this moment.
And again, playing on the theme of, you know, the misogyny built into Bill's marriage.
It's interesting that, you know, Bill's journey into night and the journey into temptation to get back at his wife
is all because of his wife only mentioning a fantasy that she never acted on.
And again, we can see a little bit of the maybe confessional, personal, autobiographical nature, I think, of Kubrick
looking at a marriage and trying to be honest about the honesty or lack thereof between two people
and how they really view themselves within a marriage.
So it's interesting that he, of course, this built-in misogyny that hers is only a fantasy
and he goes out and continually tries to act upon it.
And you see just this level of misogyny baked into the institution of marriage
and how we think about it that the wife's role is to fantasize about other men outside of the marriage
and the husband's role is to actually go out and cheat and fuck other women outside of the marriage.
And of course, you know, along with this theme about marriage and infidelity,
Bill is given several opportunities to cheat and never acts upon them, which is interesting
and again relates back to him not being an omni-one, him wanting to be elite and act as they do
and take what you want and do what you want and fuck the consequences and regardless of who gets hurt, you know.
He's given several chances but does not act upon it again because of his middle-class bourgeoisie hang-ups
about morality and fidelity and about how his actions may have consequences that hurt the people he loves.
Again, we're working with this duality that that is, you know, the thing that rejects him from the dark star
and the thing that makes him not an omni-one and not part of the crowd
but is also the only part of him that's redeemable or human or good.
But anyway, Bill is given several chances to fuck outside of his marriage and doesn't act upon them
and the first that we see here is with this scene, the house call with Marion Nathanson and her dying father.
And this is, you know, this is another kind of mysterious and strange scene that, again,
kind of doesn't make sense or just seems kind of out of place at first,
but then within this context and understanding, you can see why it makes sense or why it's there.
And back to this, you know, as talked about my brother and Will Miniker on the Death Corner episode,
back to this idea of class fantasies and of fantasies of living one rung up the ladder
and living how people just ahead of you on the social ladder do.
Marion's fantasy is Bill.
Marion is, you know, they're presumably other rich elite Manhattanites,
but she fantasizes about being with Bill, not with her handsome but boring professor husband
who wants to move to Michigan, I think it is, and she doesn't know anybody there.
Why would she move there?
Her fantasy is the urbane, sophisticated, elite adjacent Bill.
And this scene, I think, is really there to show you how desperate she looks, how, what's the right word?
I don't want to say pathetic, but almost pathetic.
That, you know, we're seeing this movie mainly and largely through Bill's eyes
and seeing her, a person kind of lower on the social ladder than him,
you know, be desperately fantasized and have this crazy idea that
right as my father dies and right before my husband's about to walk in,
let's get together and run away and be married forever.
It's, you know, crazy and desperate and pathetic to Bill.
And so I think this scene is a parallel.
The way Bill sees Marion is the way Ziegler and the elites in the masks,
the monsters of the dark star at the party, see Bill.
And now, of course, we get Bill's continued journey into night
and his journey into the clearly fake Manhattan,
the Manhattan as played on a London soundstage as designed by Kubrick.
And once again, you know, as we talked about,
the blue light of Manhattan constantly pouring in the windows,
wherein this is firmly in the dream world.
We're firmly in a fake Manhattan and it's nodded to and shown clearly
the shot of Bill walking down the street where he claps his hands together
out of frustration.
It's clearly a green screen projection behind him.
And again, because, you know, Kubrick died and wasn't able to explain this movie,
a lot of people thought, oh, how cheap that looks.
Oh, that's embarrassing.
They must have, you know, they must have had to add that scene in post
and, you know, didn't want to shoot, didn't want to build the set again.
But no, it's, once again, there are no arbitrary choices in Kubrick movies,
especially not this one.
And that is there for a reason.
And you see this fake Manhattan drenched in blue lights
and Christmas lights everywhere.
And we understand that Bill is still here in the dream world in fake Manhattan.
Now we see the scene where Bill is accosted by the group of college kids
who are all wearing Yale sweaters, very interestingly.
And of course, they call him a homophobic slur and the one bumps into him.
This is another kind of confusing and strange scene, I think, at first.
And you're kind of like, why is this here?
I think it's operating here on two levels.
One, again, this kind of class fantasy that this movie's about.
These guys are, in a way, from a lower class than Bill.
You know, they're college kids.
Bill is already, you know, presumably a millionaire, successful doctor in Manhattan.
These are Yale college kids.
So in a way, they're a lower class.
And so you can kind of see it as Bill's, how Bill sees people beneath him,
how he sees college kids as just rowdy, drunk, abusive, homophobic animals.
But there's also, from the other side, you can also view them as,
because they're Yale kids, from a class above Bill.
And you can also kind of view this scene as almost like,
these are the young versions of the monsters at the party.
These are the monsters' kids.
You know, the monsters go to the party and they rape children.
And they seal their blood bond to the American Dark Star.
And the secret face of power and the highest echelons of power.
You know, they do that at the party.
Their kids go out in the streets of Manhattan and abuse people
and act the way they want, regardless of the consequences,
and take what they want and fuck who they want and fight who they want.
So I think it's, you know, again, kind of working on this duality.
But that's how I like to think of it, as these are the monsters' kids.
And they haven't learned yet to play the dream reality dichotomy,
the way their parents have.
They haven't learned yet to, you know, you put on a nice face in public,
and then you take it off and you be the monster in private.
They're still being monstrous in public.
So that's my understanding of that.
Now we get to the scene with Domino,
and of course Bill's second chance to fuck outside of his marriage,
which he does not capitalize on.
And again, you can see this is a bit of a class fantasy,
as Bill seeing a lower class, you know, prostitute,
and he sees her apartment, which again, draped in Christmas lights.
We're still in the fantasy world,
but this is how he views people of a lower class,
that they're kind of desperate.
You know, she's got the fur coat and the fur hat on.
She's attempting to appear elite, but really appears gaudy.
And the way she's walking and talking,
you can pick out that she's a prostitute from a mile away.
And Bill sees her, you know, as lower class and sees her apartment.
He's clearly uncomfortable there.
It's clearly cramped.
He's used to vaunted, you know, 15-foot high Manhattan apartment ceilings.
He's not used to being someplace so cramped.
And of course this is, again, I haven't read Trombe Novelle,
but this is taken from Trombe Novelle.
I believe in the original book, he meets a prostitute,
does not have sex with her, and then finds out the next day she has syphilis.
So obviously, and in this movie, he finds out the next day, obviously, she has HIV.
So it's clearly a, you know, a pretty obvious surface level thing there of Bill dodging a bullet.
Bill being really closely, oh my god.
As I'm watching this, again, I've never seen this before.
Right as they go into her apartment, you know, you open up the door and there's Christmas tree.
We're here in the fantasy world.
But right before they go in, there is a discarded baby stroller right outside of her apartment.
Wow, again, hopefully this podcast is a testament to why it's worthwhile to watch a movie 20, 30, 50 fucking times.
But I've never seen that.
So clearly there's a suggestion there that either Domino or Sally, her roommate,
either one had a child that they lost or either one had a child they gave up somehow.
Or somehow there was a plan to be a child here that got aborted or discarded.
So here's a note I've never noticed before.
But it's great.
Anyway, Domino in the original trauma novel, I believe, had syphilis in this.
He finds out the next day she has HIV.
It's a clear kind of surface level metaphor for, you know, Bill dodging a bullet by not acting upon his temptations
and not committing an act of infidelity.
And again, you know, we talked about this movie being mysterious and misunderstood
and the idea of what it's really about not being understood.
You know, it was sold as the sexiest sex, erotic sex thriller between sexy Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.
It's all about sex and elite sex and the highest levels of sex.
And then it's hilarious how bad Bill is at getting laid.
It's hilarious.
You know, he asks Domino, what would you recommend?
He's extremely awkward and extremely unsuave when it comes to actually getting laid
and actually acting upon his temptations.
It's very funny.
So now we see Bill getting to the Sonata Cafe and realizing this is the place in the village
where his old friend Nick Noctigal, Nick Nightingale, is playing.
And my brother remarked upon this in his Death is Just Around the Corner episode with Will Miniker.
But just another sign here that we're in the dream world and this is not quite reality or we're seeing,
we're not quite seeing what we think we're seeing.
The fact that this club has a doorman in a suit and tie who stares at Bill the whole time
and he's a big burly guy with a bald head.
As my brother said, you know, shitty underground jazz clubs don't have doormen.
And they're not, this is not the kind of, you know, this is not the Waldorf Astoria.
They do not have a doorman and a coat and tails and a bow tie who ushers you in.
And you can see clearly from the second Bill walks up that that guy's staring at him
and he quite literally opens the door and ushers him in.
And this goes along with, of course, the idea that Nick Noctigal did not just run into Bill by chance,
that there is actually an extension from the Dark Star towards Bill.
They wanted to see if he would pick up on the signs and the clues.
And there's, obviously, Nightingale quite literally invites him to the party.
He quite literally is the ferry across the river Styx, if you will.
He is the one who ferries him to the party.
And as my brother supposed on his episode, there's, and we'll get into this, of course, at the end,
but there's a suggestion.
Clearly, we see at the beginning with the Swingers party that the elites are interested in fucking Bill's wife.
They're at that party.
And perhaps there is a suggestion that he is invited to this party because the elites are interested in raping Bill's child
or in Bill sacrificing his child to the Dark Star.
He's almost given a test, which, of course, he fails with the two passwords later at the party.
But, yeah, there's an interesting parallel.
And this, you can see none of this happening by accident, clearly.
The Nick Noctigal there, the doorman there, it's all leading him to getting this message, of course, the password Fidelio.
And, you know, Nick Noctigal with this idea of extending this invitation to Bill from the Dark Star
or being the vessel through which they want to extend this invitation.
The scene's just so well played.
Todd Field, who, of course, later became a director, he's great as Nick Noctigal in this.
And the way it's played of just, it's so right, you know, both Epstein going back and thinking,
like, how could this shit ever happen?
How could all these people, how the fuck did Chris Tucker get roped into this?
And people, you know, how would Steve Pinker and Bill Gates ever get convinced to go to this island?
And this scene is such a good microcosm of that, just the way he's like, the things, the women there, the things they do,
you wouldn't believe it.
I can't even talk about it.
And that's very much the other part of this theme of where the rainbow ends.
Again, I can tell you from firsthand experience, living in L.A. the last six years and succeeding to some degree
within the vaunted, stratified halls of power of the music industry, there is always,
if you want to be powerful and if you want to climb the social ladder,
again, this movie is so much about fantasizing, about being one rung up the social ladder.
And there is always some more exclusive, some more private place that everyone is trying to get to.
Quite literally, you can diagnose the American consciousness just by looking at a club.
You see poor people and middle class people paying to get in the front door.
You see the elites being ushered in the back door for free and being given free alcohol.
Everyone in the club wants to get to the VIP section.
There's an elite section where elite people go and they do secret things.
And I'll just tell you so much from firsthand experience.
The clout chasers I know out here, the clout chasers I know in the world,
if you basically presented to them that at the coolest cool kid table,
at the highest, most exclusive party, they're raping children.
And this is what you have to do to be in the cool crowd.
I would say nine out of ten people I know would do it.
I would say if they thought, you'll never tell anybody, right?
We have a mutual interest in nobody finding out about this, right?
And they said, yeah, of course.
Nine out of ten people I know here would do it.
You have to be truly a special person to have any human bonds,
any human values and any morality stronger than your desire for conquest and power.
And if that's what it takes, if that's what lies at the end of the rainbow,
they do it, of course.
You know, you think as a kid, oh, I'll never smoke cigarettes.
I'll never do cocaine.
And then you go to the cool kid party, and that's what they're doing.
And within a month, you're offering cocaine to some other kid.
You know, like that is, you know, just on any level, that's always been a thing.
You know, everyone goes to the party, but then the host invites you
and the hot girls to go back to his room to smoke a joint.
You know, everyone inherently understands this desire for elite secrecy and elite privacy
and that being the most desirable party to go to
and the most everyone wants to be at the cool kids table, right?
And they'll do anything to justify it.
So this scene is a great little microcosm of that
in Nick Noctigal's enticement towards Bill.
And of course, along with this idea of where the rainbow ends being elite pedophilia
and where the most horrible things happen,
and that being the secret face of power in the halls of power,
of course, fittingly, we now get to Rainbow Rentals,
the costume rental place.
And under the rainbow, the presumably, it looks like a head shop,
which is underneath it.
But of course, this ties back to the beginning of the model thing.
Don't you want to go where the rainbow ends?
And where the rainbow ends being the great Rod Sharbeja as Mr. Milich
and him, quite literally, making a deal to sell his daughter to rich pedophiles.
And obviously, you know, again, we're working with the dance,
the waltz between dreams and reality,
and the rainbow ending representing that.
The glorious, dreamy rainbow ends in the hard reality of Milich
selling his daughter to rich pedophiles.
And obviously, I don't need to make the connection there,
obviously, in the movie,
but that is clearly what Kubrick's doing here.
And a really interesting note about this scene,
again, something that took me 10, 15, 20 times to notice.
So Bill leaves the Sonata Cafe
after being told by Nick Noctigal,
that I'm going to say that the whole time,
but after being told by Nightingale
that he needs a tuxedo and a cape and a mask
to get into this party.
And where are you going to get one of those at midnight
or 11 p.m. or whatever time it is?
So Bill leaves the Sonata,
and at the beginning of this next scene,
we see him pull up in a taxi.
And he pulls up in a taxi,
he gets out, and he walks up to Rainbow Rentals.
And Rainbow Rentals, he, of course,
stops at the gate door, the screen door,
where him and Milich discuss.
And Milich eventually, you know, lets him in
because he's going to pay $100 over the rental price
or whatever, $200, $300, whatever it is.
You notice in the background of the shot
is the Sonata Cafe.
And right next to it, Gillespie's Cafe,
the actual diner where Bill goes the next day
to try and find Nick.
And you see the Sonata sign reflected
in the glass of the screen door of Rainbow Rentals.
So that would appear to be, you know,
like a continuity error.
That would appear to be, you know,
a mistake on behalf of Kubrick.
But of course, we know Kubrick, Mr. Attention to Detail,
Mr. The One Problem I Could Find in my movies
is one guy in Lolita wore the wrong color socks
in one shot.
No choice is arbitrary.
And I think, again, here, that's a reinforcement
of this idea of the dream world.
A little nod towards the fact that we're on a set here.
And we literally are reusing the same set.
We shot one side of the street for the Sonata scene,
and now we just shoot the other side of the street
for the Rainbow Rentals scene.
So that's always fascinated me.
You know, at first I thought,
oh, wow, did I just find a Kubrick mistake
that no one's found?
And I thought, of course fucking not.
Of course he's much smarter than you are, dude.
Think about it for two seconds.
So we're here firmly in this dream world.
Bill is literally outside the gates
begging to be let into the real world.
And then the real world he finds
is where the rainbow ends,
where Millich sells his daughter to rich pedophiles.
And that is where the rainbow ends.
And again, evidence of this dream's reality dichotomy.
We see, you know, the front of the shop
lit with Christmas lights
and lit with the blue light
of the fake Manhattan pouring in of the dream world.
And then they, of course, go into the back of the shop
where Millich has to unlock
so they can get into the back halls of the shop.
And that's where Bill and Millich discover
Millich's daughter with the pedophiles.
And of course, Millich and his daughter
go into this little theatrical play acting
where he's shocked.
And how could this happen?
And Mr. I'm so sorry you had to see this.
And then, of course, the next day
they're there negotiating terms
or clearly have already negotiated terms.
So yes, of course, this is where the rainbow ends.
This is the first glimpse of reality we get.
And I think, you know, one of the strongest on the nose,
direct and in earnest moments of Kubrick
showing you that this movie is about elite pedophilia.
This is one of the strongest hints here.
And I always, you know, I hope Lili Sobieski was okay
from being cast in this movie in this part.
But the smile she makes at the end
when she whispers to Bill, presumably like,
hey, for the right price, you can do this too.
So she's clearly being flirtatious with him.
And the smile she gives and the way it's lit
is just creepy as fuck and really well done.
So this is where the rainbow ends.
This is where the highest levels of power
and the highest, the true dark face of power
and the face of the dark star interface.
This is where they bridge that line
between dreams and reality.
And it is through elite pedophilia.
So now Bill has his mask.
He has his tuxedo.
He has his cape.
He makes his journey to Somerton.
And I like the suggestion.
It's very funny that, you know,
obviously this movie is based in dream world Manhattan.
I like the suggestion that this place
where the elites interface with the dark star
and, you know, the secret face of power is revealed
and they commit their blood oath ritual
of elite pedophilia in service of the dark star.
I like the suggestion that it's either probably
upstate New York or New Jersey.
Obviously, Alpine, New Jersey or whatever is extremely rich
and the real elite don't live in New York City.
They have a mansion in Alpine
and they helicopter in for work every day.
But that's just a funny little note,
the idea of the dark star of, you know,
the arc of mankind's violence over thousands of years
ending in New Jersey.
It's funny.
But here, too, we're clearly working
with the class fantasy dynamic
that Bill goes to the elite party,
but it's in a rented tuxedo
and he arrives in a taxi.
He doesn't arrive with a car service or a limo.
And the way he, you know,
takes a shiny, bright hundred dollar bill
and tears it in half
to convince the lower class cab driver
to stay and wait for him.
Clearly, again, we see how Bill views people
lower than him on the social ladder
and how he has no respect for them, you know,
and thinks he's an elite,
except he's in a rented tuxedo and a taxi.
And again, we see a nice reflection.
Bill's attitude towards the cab driver
is very much the attitude of the security guards
and the elites at the party towards Bill.
So now we get to Somerton,
we get to the party,
we see the face of the dark star.
And this, you know,
as we talk about,
this whole movie is a culmination
of 30 plus years of themes and ideas
Kubrick's been working on.
And through Bill's eyes,
we interface with the dark star.
We see the true nature of power.
And as Bill enters the main chamber
for the first time
and we see Red Cloak performing the ritual
with the girls,
we see all the elites in their hoods and masks
surrounding the center.
And we see in the middle,
Red Cloak performing his ritual
with the musical incantation,
the terrifying music
Nick Nightingale is playing.
And we see the women bow down,
then rise up and take off their cloaks.
And we go back to the beginning
of this commentary
and the idea of,
oh, if this movie is about elite pedophilia,
how the hell would Kubrick know any of this?
Well,
y'all saw the Prince Andrew picture, right?
You know the Prince Andrew picture
I'm talking about.
It came out,
Prince Andrew in a tuxedo
with a woman dressed exactly
like the women are here.
With a black cloak,
with a masquerade mask,
with big black feathers,
in lingerie,
and only,
you know,
lingerie and high heels.
A naked woman walking along
in a mask with a
tuxedoed elite,
quite literally,
member of the royalty.
You know,
once I saw that Prince Andrew picture
I was like,
oh yeah,
it's real.
No,
I'm right.
Yeah,
it's all real.
He was trying to tell us,
holy shit.
So we see that clearly
reflected here in this image.
And specifically,
you know,
the image of Amanda
with the mask and the feathers.
I'm not sure when that picture was from
or when that
supposed party took place,
but clearly that's some kind of tradition.
You know,
for a family so concerned
about their public image,
their entire job
of the British royal family
is to be public figureheads.
They also do this every year.
This is also a thing they do.
You know,
they can't say the wrong words
and offend people
or that will be a huge controversy,
but Prince Andrew can go to a party
with a naked woman
wearing a fucking eyes wide shut mask.
It's all real,
dude.
I think,
obviously,
you know,
Prince Andrew was a pedophile
and good friends with Epstein
and they clearly consorted
in the same circles.
And, you know,
I'm talking specifically,
I'm mentioning Prince Andrew and Epstein,
but as we talked about
in The Shining,
this is made presumably
either before their time,
you know,
The Shining was before their time
or before Kubrick
would have any idea
who those people were
or about their affiliations.
And again,
suggesting that this is
a much larger thing
that's been going on
for a much longer time
than we have any idea about.
That this is the blood ritual
that truly seals
the bonds of the elite.
And like we said,
it has happened
since the days of feudal samurai
and the days of Caligula
and the days of,
you know,
it's even pedophilia
is even hinted at
in Spartacus.
I believe in the scene
between Crassus
and Caesar.
The whole,
if one eats snails
and one eats oysters,
is one worse or better scene?
I can't remember exactly it,
but this is a theme
that has existed
throughout time.
This has been a ritual.
Again,
the way they seal
their blood oath
and the way they seal
their loyalty
to the dark star
and the idea
that nothing is taboo,
nothing is foreign.
We can subjugate
any humans we want
at any point in time,
anywhere in the world
for any reason
and get away with it
because all the true
powerful people
are all here
in the masks
and they're all aligned
on one issue
and that is devotion
to the dark star,
or devotion to power
at any cost.
Of course,
we talked about it
in the intro
and we'll get there
here in a second.
I want to go kind of
scene by scene here
in the party at Somerton,
but the idea that
this is where the true,
the elites
are really showing
their faces,
that the human face
they wear in the dream world
is a fantasy
and the monstrous faces
they wear here
are their real faces.
Just another perfect
little Kubrick meme
and a perfect little,
you know,
visual idea
of the true faces
of elite being,
the elites being monstrous
and the true,
the face of power
being horrible
and terrifying.
And, you know,
again,
self-evidenced,
this whole movie
is about the line
between dreams and reality
and the line between
what you can show
and what you can't show
and what you can say
and what you can't say.
And, you know,
the fact that we even have
a long history
of masquerade balls
among the elite
and again, you know,
extending from
Barry Lyndon
and the Enlightenment
to Prince Andrew
and whatever the fuck
was going on there.
The fact that we even have
something called
the masquerade ball
for elites
suggests this,
is self-evidence of this.
So, you can see
this movie is,
like we said,
a really high point
and a real culmination
of ideas
and really self-evidences
its own
melody, chords,
plot, world,
dynamic
of being about
the things that are
just under the surface
that we don't talk about.
And the elites
showing their horrible faces
through the masks
at this supposed
masquerade ball
is just, again,
a perfect little
Kubrick meme metaphor
to sum that up.
And the shot,
as Bill is watching
this first ceremony happen,
he looks up
into the balcony
and he sees
the king and queen,
the two,
the man and woman,
turn to him
and the man, of course,
nods and acknowledges him.
As we, of course,
later find out
that is Victor Ziegler
and presumably
Ziegler and his wife.
And they're very much
the king and queen
up in the royal,
you know,
skybox
witnessing
this thing happen.
Even at this party,
they're elites.
Even at the party
of the most elites.
And this is,
again,
this is not this.
This is not what,
I'm not saying
that this is what
this scene is.
But ever since
the Epstein shit happened
and I see that scene
and the terrifying
slow turn
towards the camera
of them looking
down at you
and then the nod,
every time I see
that scene,
I can't think
anything else
but Bill and Hillary
cannot think
anything else.
Again,
I know that's,
this movie was
before this scandal
broke,
but again,
who knows what
the fuck Kubrick knew.
He knew a lot
of people.
He was a very
intelligent and
perceptive person.
He knew a lot
of people and
probably got invited
to a lot of parties,
so who knows.
But yeah,
every time I see
that shot,
I can't think
of anything else
but Hillary,
we gotta party,
we gotta go too.
So of course,
Red Cloak
and the girls
do this incantation
and ritual
and he one by one
goes around to each
and stomps his staff
and they get up
and they pair off
with a member
of the elite
and of course,
here,
Amanda,
as we find out later,
it's Amanda,
chooses Bill.
Again,
we talked about
this in the beginning
and we'll talk
about this more
obviously with the third act
as we go
and with the outro
but again,
another sign
that what we're seeing
may not be
what's happening.
Why the secrecy
and the ritual here?
Like why if these
are just,
you know,
as they appear
to be consenting adults
who were either paid
or convinced
to participate
in this orgy
here at Somerton,
why is Red Cloak here?
why is that a thing?
Why do they have
to play backwards
of Gregorian chants
and have a blindfolded
musician help them
make this incantation?
And I think,
you know,
it's clearly suggesting something.
There's clearly a suggestion
that we're not being shown
the whole story
or told the whole story
and obviously,
we talked about
all the themes
of elite pedophilia
throughout this movie,
throughout The Shining
and the way they connect
and I think this is,
you know,
evidence of that as well
which we'll obviously
get into more evidence
as this scene goes on.
But it does put you
in this situation
that doesn't make sense
and it doesn't make sense
why the secrecy,
why the guilt,
why the threats of death
and violence
and destruction
and destroying your family
if you tell people
what you saw here,
if this is
what it appears to be,
an orgy between
rich people
and hot women
and hot men.
As I like,
you know,
later we see
women in tuxedos
with male sex slaves,
with male concubines.
But again,
you know,
it begs the question
of why the secrecy,
why the threats of violence,
why if Bill
is trespassing here,
do they not just
kick him out
and be like,
get out of here
you fucking loser
and don't come back.
We'll call the cops.
You know,
why do they have to
shield this from the world?
I think clearly
and obviously,
you know,
this is,
I think this is a scene
about elite pedophilia
and he quite literally
couldn't shoot that
so he had to come up
with some visual metaphor.
To talk about it,
the way we talked about
in episode one
of The Shining,
how what happens
in room 237
and the scene
with the lady
in the bathtub
could be a visual metaphor
in a symbolic way
for him to talk about
Jack raping Danny
and incest
and pedophilia there.
So,
clearly,
we're not being
told the whole story
and what they're telling us
and what they're showing us
and the theme
and tone of it
and obviously
the gravity
and the weight
and the consequences
of it
don't line up here
in a way that
is too,
if it was not intentional
it would be far too sloppy
for Kubrick,
would be far too,
like we said,
no choices are arbitrary.
It wouldn't make sense
and it wouldn't line up
with the rest of his catalog
and again,
as horrible as it is
to say,
just replace all the
20 to 30 year old models
here with 14 year old models
and the whole movie clicks
and the whole movie
makes sense.
So,
of course,
Amanda is separated
from Bill
after she warns him
that he is in grave danger
and now Bill starts
to go through the party
and again,
my brother talked about this
on his episode
so we won't
go too much into depth
but again,
for a movie
that was marketed
as the sexiest movie
of all time
about secret elite
sex orgies,
the scene is weird
and not sexy,
it's clothed,
cloaked,
masked elites
having sex
with masked naked women
and it's not sexy,
it's not erotic,
it's like intentionally bizarre.
There's this scene
where the naked women
are like going down
on each other
but they have masks on.
It's clearly a performance
so I think these are
clear nods from Kubrick
that what we're seeing
is not really
what's taking place
and again,
the understanding
that what we would
really be seeing here
at Somerton
is a pedophile orgy
among the elite
that makes it make sense
and that is of course,
again,
like we talked about
something Kubrick
quite literally
legally could not show,
could not even,
would never get this movie made
if he even hinted at it
on the surface
and I think that
is what we're seeing here.
I think that is the explanation
for the secrecy
because otherwise
it's just insanely pretentious.
if it's just rich people
and this is how
they like to fuck
it's like,
okay,
you guys are
insane pretentious monsters.
So I think,
obviously,
the suggestion
that what we are seeing
is not what's happening
is here
and I think,
obviously,
as we said,
the suggestion
is that it's really
an elite pedophile party.
It is really
where they seal
their blood oath
to the Dark Star.
This is the blood rite
and the ritual
with which they seal
their oath to the Dark Star
and declare
nothing more powerful
than their allegiance
to power.
And of course,
what's great
about that idea
and I think another
kind of self-evident
piece of evidence
for this
is what this movie is.
Isn't it great
to think,
you know,
this is a movie
about the line
between dreams
and fantasies.
This is a movie
about the things
he cannot show
and in this scene,
I think Kubrick
takes that dynamic
and directly turns it
against the viewer.
Once again,
you know,
we've been seeing
this happen to Bill
and Alice
and seeing them
dance this waltz
along the lines
of dreams and reality
and now I think
in this scene,
Kubrick takes that plot,
melody,
world chords,
dynamic,
that waltz
between dreams and reality
and turns it on you
and shows you something
that doesn't make sense
and doesn't process
and compute
in your brain
and doesn't make sense
logically
and is leading you
to say,
hey,
are you going to accept
what you see?
Are you going to live
in the dream world?
Are you going to think
about this
and think about
what the reality
of this might be here?
So,
I think that's clearly
the suggestion here
and a genius.
Once again,
you know,
this movie being about
that very dichotomy
of the seen
and the unseen,
dreams and reality,
we can see it as just,
you know,
regardless of,
like I said,
the data of Kubrick's
personal life
or his personal affiliation
to it,
you can really see
how this is the high
watermark
and the culmination
of these themes
he's been working on
his whole career.
So,
we see Bill
floating here
through the Somerton party
watching the very
unsexy sex scene,
the very unalluring
orgy happening
and then,
of course,
we see Ziegler walk in,
see Bill
make a note to someone
and,
again,
we talked about earlier
with the Nightingale scene
and the Sonata,
this idea that Bill
was invited somehow,
that Ziegler sees him
and he sends his girl
over to Bill
to try and entice him,
which,
again,
plays along the theme
of pedophilia
and elite pedophilia
and it being this sort of,
what's the right word,
like bluff calling thing
or,
like I've said,
this bonding,
this sealing of the bonds
of power,
it's this extending
an olive branch
to your fellow
omni one
and saying,
hey,
you get it,
right,
you'll do this,
right,
you know,
the way,
it's a blood oath,
you all cut your hands
and seal it in blood,
he sends,
Victor sends Bill,
his girl
and presumably his child
to get Bill initiated
into this
and presumably
because Victor
wants something from Bill
and presumably
because Victor
wants Bill's child too.
Now,
like we talked about,
there's no hard
and fast rules here.
We're working in the dream
and reality,
that line between them
and dancing on the border
between them
and really there's no
hard and fast rules
in any of Kubrick's work
and Kubrick was
a true genius
and truly intelligent enough
to,
you know,
no true genius
has dogma about anything.
No true genius
has convinced
they're right about anything.
He was,
he famously said a quote,
something like,
you know,
I start out making movies
knowing exactly
what they're about
and by the end
I'm the last person
who could tell you
because I've been spending months
trying to make sure
the sound of a footstep
on a patch of cement
is right.
So,
but again,
you know,
don't,
you don't have to do
the hard and fast math
Amanda's an adult
and it says she's 25
but you just said
Victor since his child
prostituted over.
We're dealing with
these things again
in terms of abstraction,
in terms of
things we can't see
and don't say
and don't talk about.
With all that said,
there is a scene here now
that I think
almost everyone
who's ever watched
this movie misses.
Ziggler sings his girl
over to Bill
presumably to entice Bill
into a sexual encounter.
Bill is saved
once again
by Amanda.
Amanda comes out
and says,
can I borrow him
for a minute?
And she leads Bill
out of the one room
of the party
into the hallway.
As they come out
into the hallway,
you're listening to Bill
and Amanda talk.
The camera pans left
with them coming out
and then follows them
going to the right.
As they're coming out
of the hallway,
look what's happening
on the left.
There is a naked man
in a mask
and there's a naked woman
in a mask
and then there is
a clothed woman
in a mask.
The naked woman
is standing,
oh, then the clothed woman
is straddling
the naked man
and the naked woman
is standing above
looking down
almost like she's guiding
this sexual encounter,
almost like she's coaching
this girl
through this sexual encounter.
Now look,
this is one of,
I think,
two clothed women.
We see another woman
in a red dress
earlier in another scene.
This is the other one
and it's important
to note
both are in kind of ball gowns
and specifically this one
is in what looks
like a prom dress.
It looks like a homecoming
or prom dress.
You know,
as compare the dress
she's wearing here
to the dress Alice
was wearing at the beginning
or Ziggler's wife
and it's very much
more gaudy
and tacky.
It much more looks
like something you get
at Victoria's Secret
or Forever 21
or whatever.
It looks like a homecoming
or prom dress.
This girl has curly hair
and she is straddling this man,
you know,
riding him
in a sexual encounter
and she's very clearly struggling
with the sexual encounter.
She looks awkward.
She's like trying
to find her balance
and again,
she is being coached
through the sexual encounter
by the naked woman
standing over them.
This is my opinion
and this is my speculation.
I think Kubrick
just showed you
what the movie's about.
I think that's a child.
I think that's supposed
to be a high school age girl
having sex
with a grown man
with another,
you know,
woman from the party
coaching them
and guiding them
through this sexual encounter.
I think,
once again,
in a perfectly
just Kubrick moment
and a perfectly,
like we said,
there's no dogma.
There's no rules.
There's no hard
and fast rules at least
and in this movie
about the things
we don't show
and the fantasies
we don't talk about
and the line
between the scene
and the unseen
and dreams and reality.
I think he just showed you.
I think it's the scene
in the background.
I think you can take
the context clues
of her being dressed,
you know,
kind of gaudy,
again,
like a prom dress
and kind of,
you know,
not matching
the decor
of the other elites
and her very young looking,
curly,
frizzy hair
and her very clearly
struggling
with this sexual encounter
like she's never done it before
or doesn't know what to do
and being coached through it
by the woman
standing over them watching.
I think he showed you.
I think that's,
again,
we can't simulate it.
That's obviously,
presumably,
an actress who was of age.
He didn't quite literally
show you
that would be illegal.
That would be child pornography.
But I think he showed you
for just a second
in the background
that this is a party
of elite pedophilia
and that elite pedophilia
are,
is,
again,
the blood oath
that seals the bonds of power
in the face of the dark star.
I think,
who knows,
maybe I'm wrong,
but why would she be in a dress
when all the other women are naked?
You know,
why would her
and that other girl
in a similar
homecoming-ish,
prom-ish,
kind of tacky,
gaudy,
sexy dress,
not dress the way
the elite women are
at the beginning?
Why would they be there?
And why are they clothed?
You know,
every other woman
that the elites pair off with
are naked.
Why are they specific?
And why is this one
specifically clothed
and specifically struggling
with the encounter?
I think he's showing you
in just one scene
in the background
that apparently everyone missed
because I've never heard
anyone talk about that
or anyone say it.
I think Kubrick showed you
this is a movie
about elite pedophilia.
So,
we go on from that scene.
Of course,
Amanda,
again,
warns Bill
and tells him
he's in grave danger.
He doesn't understand
what he's up against.
He needs to get out now.
And of course,
once again,
some arbiter of power,
some guard,
comes up and separates them
and tells Bill
he's needed downstairs.
And I've always loved
the shot.
As Bill's being led
back downstairs,
we see a shot
of Nick Nightingale
blindfolded
being led
through the ballroom
as the elite men and women
dance with their sex slaves
and their concubines.
And I've always thought
there's a little nod.
The music kind of sounds
like,
you know,
Midnight,
the stars and you,
the song used
in The Shining.
I've always loved
the little,
I thought it was
maybe a nod
towards The Shining
and the gold room scene,
the way that similar music
is kind of floating out
from some unknown source.
So,
there's a nice little
parallel there
between the movies.
But now,
we see Bill
led back into the main chamber
for the second time.
And boy,
do I have a lot to say
about this scene.
The music drops out.
We see Bill
led down the hallway.
He turns the corner
into the main chamber
and he sees it
before we do.
And of course,
the moment he sees it
is scored by the
terrible,
horrible,
haunting,
single note piano theme
which scores
the second half
of this movie.
what he sees
is Red Cloak
and all the elites
and all their terrible faces,
the horrible monster masks
all turned back
towards him
in reversal
of the first shot
that he sees
when they're all
turned towards the center.
Now,
I know in episode one
I said that
the river of blood shot
in The Shining
is probably my favorite
in all of film
and I think that's true.
I will counter that
and say
I think this is
Kubrick's greatest shot
and I think it's
his most impactful shot
and I think it's
right up there
if not the greatest shot
in film history.
I think this is
the crowning achievement
of his career.
The meaning
built into
this single image
is
unfathomable
and
that's what
I'm doing this podcast
and these hours
of discussing
his last seven movies
to try and fathom it.
But basically
after a career
of putting together
iconic
one point perspective
shots
where he puts
the camera
and the viewer's eyes
directly in front of
the image
he's trying to emphasize.
This one point perspective
is the specific lens
that Kubrick
has been painting
his whole history
of violence through.
He's been using
one point perspective
for 30 plus years
at this point
to try and emphasize this
and to make these
iconic visual images
and to tell
these stories.
Well,
here we are
in his last movie
in 1999.
After 30 plus years,
Kubrick turns the camera
in the one point perspective
back around
to you
and of course
to Bill.
And in doing this,
he is showing
of course
the true
face of power
staring back at you.
The hideous,
horrible truth
of what lies underneath
and what we try
to shut our eyes to.
Suddenly,
it's right there
and it's staring you
in the face.
I think that's,
you know,
after a career
of being the one point
perspective guy
to invert it
and make you
the one point perspective
of all them
and they're all
staring at you
and the meaning
of that,
that would just be
an incredible
technical achievement
on its own.
But then the profound
meaning
deeply baked
into what this is,
that this is the true
face of the American
dark star.
This is the true
bloodlusting
elite
pedophile
secret society
face of the bonds
of power
in this world
staring back at you
ready to kill you,
ready to destroy you
because you transgressed
and saw what you
were not supposed to.
You opened your eyes
when they were supposed
to be shut.
That to me is like,
there's nothing,
that's the apex
of filmmaking.
How could you do
anything better?
How could you write
in one shot,
one image,
a visual poem
which,
you know,
we could write
10,000 books
and spend
one million hours
talking about
and defines
this arc
of violence
that has defined
man and his history.
And, you know,
just like we talked
about The Shining,
The Shining
and the one-point
perspective shots
inherently playing
on the natural
primal fear
of creepy buildings
and things
at the end
of long hallways
and things seen
out of the corner
of your eye.
you know,
this shot
geniusly
plays on that
inherent fear
of, you know,
what if everyone
on the street
stopped and turned
and stared at you?
You know,
it pushes it
to its most
profound
and most terrifying
logical conclusion,
the idea of
what if everyone
could suddenly see you
and everyone stops
and turns
and what you thought
was reality
and you thought
you were just
a part of it,
now they all see you
and now they're here
to destroy you
and now you see
the true face
of power,
the true face
of violence
staring hideously,
horribly back at you
and of course
as it cuts between
the faces of the elite
as we talked about
before,
these are their real faces.
This is, again,
this perfect little
Kubrick meme moment
of these are
the real faces,
the human faces,
the flesh and blood
and skin and hair
and faces that they wear
into the dream world
are masks.
This is where
they take them off
and they're hideous
and horrifying
and, you know,
this scene
and the cuts
between the masks
gives me more chills
than fucking
any horror movie.
It gives me more spine.
I just feel that cold
feeling in the pit
of your stomach
more than anything else.
So,
for both, you know,
the technical achievement
of spending 30 years
of shooting
one point perspective
and then turning it back
on the viewer
and then the profound
meaning of that
and the profound story
that this tells
in one image.
It's,
I think it's the greatest
shot of Kubrick's career.
I think it may be
the greatest shot
in film
and I think it's why
he's the greatest
filmmaker of all time.
So, of course,
we're here
seeing the true faces
of the monsters,
seeing the true face
of power
and this is,
of course,
the scene where
Red Cloak
interrogates Bill.
They clearly find him
to not be of their ilk.
They find a rook
in the midst of kings
hiding here.
He is transgressed.
He has climbed too high
on the ladder of power
and he must be expelled.
And there's several things
that I want to say
about this
but first,
I have to start
with talking about
Red Cloak.
This would not be
an honest podcast
if I didn't say
what I'm about to say
and this would not be
an honest series
if I didn't say
what I'm about to say.
Red Cloak is played
by Leon Vitale
who, of course,
as of the recording
of this podcast,
just died about
a month ago
or a few,
three weeks ago,
maybe more than a month.
He just died here
near the end of 2022.
Leon Vitale
was Kubrick's
close friend
and personal assistant
from Clockwork Orange on.
He is an assistant
to the director
as credited,
I think,
in every film
from Clockwork Orange on
and he's Kubrick's
longtime friend
and, of course,
Leon Vitale
also played
Lord Bollingdon
in Barry Lyndon.
It's very interesting
to note
he had two roles
24 years apart
and in both roles
he plays
sort of a guardian
or gatekeeper
of the elite society
that kicks
the protagonist out.
Now,
I don't know
how to broach this
or bring this up
because it's pure speculation
that is
deeply
disrespectful
if it's not true.
But the man just died
and it's, you know,
23 years
after the release
of this movie.
No one cares.
No one's talking about it.
It'll never matter, right?
I wonder
if Leon Vitale
was a pedophile.
Again,
I got that
Stanley Kubrick
archives book
and that is,
you know,
really,
I got that
in 2020,
I believe January
or March
or something around
beginning of 2020
and reading that book
and going through
film by film
implanted the idea
to do this series
in my head.
But this idea
was implanted
when I saw
a photo
of Leon Vitale
with,
I can't,
I'm not sure
how to pronounce
her name,
Gok Li,
it's N-G-O-C-Li,
the child actress
who played
the Vietnamese sniper
at the end
of Full Metal Jacket.
And it's just a picture.
Again,
this is all
just,
as Nick Mullen says,
sometimes I like
to close my eyes
and really just
solve crimes.
So this is me
just closing my eyes
and just really
solving crimes.
But the way he
had his hands
around her
in that picture
and the smile
on her face,
I don't know
if it's just me
and my personal
sense of,
sensitivity
towards this issue
and my personal
history with this issue.
But I feel like
I got something
of a,
it looked like
a pedophile
the way he held her
and she looked
uncomfortable.
And then I look
and read that
Leon Vitale did
casting for
Full Metal Jacket
but only for the part
of the child sniper
at the end.
And he,
you know,
went in Cambodia,
Thailand,
Laos,
I believe,
interviewed a bunch
of young Asian children
and presumably
at the time,
you know,
third world countries.
Then I read
in that book
that Leon Vitale
was in charge
of casting
for The Shining
but only for
the part of Danny.
And that,
quote,
a list was made
of about 5,000 boys
who looked right
for the part
and Kubrick's assistant
Leon Vitale
videotaped interviews
with all of them.
5,000 videotaped
interviews
is insane.
5,000 boys
interviewing them.
They don't interview
500 people
for most roles.
100 is a ton.
100 auditions,
50 auditions
is a lot of work.
5,000 taped interviews
one-on-one
personal.
That's crazy.
That's extreme.
And then if you watch
the behind-the-scenes
documentary
that Kubrick's daughter,
I believe it's Vivian,
the one who did the music
for Full Metal Jacket.
If you watch
the behind-the-scenes
documentary
of The Shining
she made,
you can see
that Vitale's job
on set
was very much
to kind of be
Danny's handler
and guardian.
He is the one
interviewing Danny
for the documentary.
He is always
with Danny
and he's the one
who's kind of
relaying the messages
from Kubrick
to Danny.
Kubrick says,
I need it more
this
and Vitale
relays it
and okay,
now he needs you
to smile more
or he relays it
in terms
that would be
understandable
by Danny,
the child actor
at the time.
Obviously,
it's all circumstantial.
obviously,
that's completely
my own paranoia
and maybe I'm
completely off base
and he was a kind
person who loved
children and maybe
he just was given
these parts
to cast these parts
because that's what
he was good at it
and he wanted to do it
and he was good
at interacting
with Danny,
perhaps.
But I'm working
on this kind of theory,
just noticing
these little things
as I'm going
through the Kubrick
archives
and then I get
to, of course,
the end of the book
which is about
Eyes Wide Shut
and the production
of that movie
and I see,
I never knew
who Red Cloak was
and I see Red Cloak
is Leon Vitale.
My heart drops
through the floor.
That cold feeling
in my stomach
that this one point
perspective shot,
the reversal of it
gives me every time
I felt that
times a billion
and I thought,
oh my god,
maybe I'm right.
Maybe I just saw this,
maybe Stanley
cast him as Red Cloak
as an acknowledgement
of this
and as an acknowledgement
of elite pedophilia
and that being
what this story's about.
You know,
it's interesting,
similarly,
Lord Bollingdon,
you know,
he plays the unwanted
stepchild of Barry Lyndon
who most of his scenes
are with Brian,
the child,
the wanted biological child
of Barry Lyndon
in that movie.
Most of his scenes
are with that child
actor too
and he specifically,
you know,
grabs that child,
straddles him over his knee
and spanks him
in that movie.
So there's these kind
of threads and themes
surrounding Leon Vitale
and then he's a,
you know,
a mysterious
kind of guy,
just a different guy,
a different cat
who marched
to the beat
of his own drum
and then
in the Larry Salona article
as we'll get to
at the end,
the stand-in
for the article
about Amanda's death
later in the movie,
it specifically mentions
that Amanda
had a relationship
with fashion designer
Leon Vitale.
Now obviously
this could just be
a cheeky
note of Kubrick
using his friend's name
and his,
you know,
Italian name
that does sound
like a fashion designer's name
so maybe it's just
a funny note,
it's funny to use him there
but again we get back
to this idea
of him as an elite
and him as a
helping cover up
what's really happening.
You know,
he's this Italian
fashion designer
who helps cover up
the fact that Amanda
is sacrificed
as part of this
elite blood cult.
Either way,
it would be dishonest
of me to not
bring this up
and to not
wonder about it
and marvel
at the fact
that he is Red Cloak
and wonder
what his relationship
with Kubrick was
and what Kubrick
thought of him
or what Kubrick
knew of him
and how that may
relate to Kubrick
himself.
Perhaps that's part
of the confession
and autobiographical nature
of Eyes Wide Shut
and The Shining
as well
and we talked
about The Shining
almost feeling
like an act
of penance
for Kubrick
to put himself
through that hell.
Obviously that's
for a lot of other
reasons
and we talked
about I think
the most strong
concrete evidence
is perhaps
what happened
on the set
of Baron Linden
and the idea
that Kubrick
his work
may have put
his family
and specifically
his daughter
in danger.
Perhaps that's
what interested him
in the idea
of elite pedophilia
and why
these threads
are sewn
19 years apart
between The Shining
and Eyes Wide Shut.
Who knows?
And I could be
way off base
and maybe this
is totally wrong
but I just got
that feeling
reading that book
looking at those
pictures
thinking about
5,000 taped
interviews
with young boys
private interviews
presumably
I don't know
but it would be
dishonest
if I didn't
bring it up
so there you go
that's the guy
who played
Red Cloak
but regardless
that's obviously
a long digression
and a distraction
from what this movie
is really about
so let's get back
to Red Cloak
expelling Bill
from the Elite
Secret Society
expelling him
from the Dark Star
and my brother
talked about this
again in his show
with Will Miniker
but what a ridiculous
plot point it is
to use the
but what's the
other password
as the device
to expel Bill
that's insanely
conspicuous writing
from someone
as intelligent
and talented
as talented
of a writer
as Kubrick was
I have to think
again we're going
along with this
theme of dancing
between dreams
and reality
and both Bill
dealing with that
and us dealing
with that
as the viewers
as we are
being shown
things that
aren't really
happening
or being told
things that
we are not shown
so either way
we're here
in this heightened
reality
both Bill
is
and we
the viewer
are
but of course
this whole thing
is interrupted
by Amanda
in the balcony
who then says
I will sacrifice
myself for Bill
and this just
again gets back
to the question
that we posed
at the beginning
and the idea
that this movie
is about elite
pedophilia
and specifically
this scene
is a elite
pedophile party
here at the
Somerton
again we ask
the question
why does she
need to sacrifice
herself
why is it
basically implied
that either
Bill and his
family need to
die or Amanda
needs to die
as she says
I will redeem
him as redemption
for Bill
as a trade-in
ticket for Bill
and you know
it's clearly a
warning
it's clearly
hey look
this is what
we're going to
do to her
if you keep
going this will
happen to you
or your family
if you talk
about any of
what you have
seen here tonight
there will be
the most dire
of consequences
for you and
your family
but again
you know
this
why the need
for sacrifice
if what we're
seeing is what's
happening
why again
why didn't they
just kick Bill
out and say
you can never
come back
and we'll
borrow you
from entry
and call
security
why this
whole need
to either
sacrifice him
and kill him
for what he
has seen
or sacrifice
another person
in lieu
of his place
so as a
reminder
to never
talk about
what you've
seen
again
the only answer
can be that
what he has
seen
is so horrific
and so internally
inherently damning
in and of itself
you know
just seeing it
would be evidence
of the true
nature of power
the true face
of power
the true nature
of the dark star
and would be a secret
worth protecting
at the cost
of violence
and murder
and killing
someone's family
again I think
the only explanation
that makes sense
is that it's
an elite pedophilia party
and they are doing
the most horrific
the most shameful
the most taboo
thing you can do
specifically
as a blood ritual
to show that
there is no taboo
there is no law
higher than
the law of the dark star
there is no
no power higher
than heeding
the call to power
so again
that's kind of
the only thing
that makes sense
and going along
with this idea
you know
it's fascinating
that in this party
it's mostly
it's either bathed
in darkness
or bathed
in kind of
golden light
as Bill walks
through the party
or this kind of
white spotlight
shining down
upon Red Cloak
in the inner circle
here in this main chamber
the one time
we see the blue light
the fantasy light
the dream world light
is behind Amanda
as she says
she will sacrifice herself
and be redeemed
in place of Bill
so again
this
I think there's a little
hint again
that what we're seeing
is not actually
what's happening
that again
this dream reality
border
is being inverted
and flipped around
upon you
the viewer
and suddenly
the blue light's
back in again
and what we're seeing
like I said
what we're being told
and what we're being shown
are not matching up
and I think
again that's only
for the reason
that this is an elite
pedophilia party
that the bonds of blood
before the American
Dark Star
are sealed
so of course
Bill is expelled
from the party
and smash cuts to him
walking back
into his apartment
and along this
blue light theme
it's interesting
after this long sequence
devoid of blue light
the first thing we see
in his apartment
is he goes into
Helena's room
and she's just
bathed in blue light
and Bill almost
starts crying
and obviously
this is reflected
later with the end
but he has crashed
back from reality
back into the dream world
the world that him
and his family live in
the world in which
the world that made
his family love him
the world in which
he's Helena's father
and he's Alice's
loving husband
and not
an omni
or an aspiring
omni one
not a creature
of desire
and lust
and temptation
this is the world
where these bonds
of love
and the whole
marriage fidelity
theme
that's what it's
built on
is in this
dream world
that they live in
so of course
the first time
he sees Helena
again after the party
she's just bathed
in blue light
and it's a
both a
almost like a
taunt
to Bill
and a
heartbreaking reminder
that his daughter
lives here too
and he has to
think about her
especially coming
directly after the
threat from Red Cloak
to kill his family
specifically
and you know
the suggestion of
Helena being bathed
in blue light
again a taunt
from Red Cloak
slash Kubrick
of hey if you want
to keep her here
if you want to keep
her bathed in the
blue light
and if you want to
keep her floating
through the dream world
keep your fucking
mouth shut
or else you'll be
crashed back into
reality harder than
you can ever imagine
and as I'm doing
this commentary
here a little bit
in real time
once again
why it's worth it
to watch these movies
20, 30, 50 times
never noticed
but of course
as Bill walks in
on the chair
in Helena's room
is a large stuffed bear
and as it cuts to
Helena sleeping
on the
oh my god
never seen this before bro
as it cuts to her
sleeping on the
right bed post
the right side
above her head
is a bear
wearing a t-shirt
with a rainbow
on it
yeah I was right
I was right
this is a movie
about elite pedophilia
we can stop now
there's enough
god damn
I've seen this movie
30 fucking times
never noticed it
and once again
this is why I'm doing
this series
because to me
it's once you
have this context
and can connect
these themes and clues
and learn the background
and learn who
Sky Dumont was
and what Dumont
Schauberg was
etc etc
learn who
as we talked about
in episode one
Ina Seidel
and The Wish Child
once you can
connect these clues
it's screaming at you
the movie's called
Eyes Wide Shut
it's screaming at you
we all know
but we're keeping
our eyes shut
about it
we live with
Eyes Wide Shut
Kubrick was
to me
to me
these themes
scream at me
and that's why
I wanted to do
this show
I think they're clear
and I think
they're tragically
horribly forgotten
and we only remember
the one point perspective
and the impact
on cinematic history
and did you know
Arlie Ermey
was a drill instructor
and gosh
he just makes such
passionate
interesting movies
and we forget
what the fuck
they're about
and what he was
trying to tell us
so
I turn my head
and I see a goddamn
fucking stuffed bear
in a rainbow t-shirt
on the
right bed post
of Helena's bed
which I've
somehow always missed
and I'm a person
who's attuned to this
I'm a person
looking for these clues
that's insane
yeah it's a movie
about elite pedophilia
right there
it's a movie
about Epstein
right there
let's go
I don't even need
to do the rest
of this podcast
that's enough
right there
you got it
but let's do
we're already
what two hours in
let's finish
this thing off
so of course
Bill checks in
on Helena
bathed in blue light
and then he goes
and talks to Alice
bathed in blue light
and she tells him
of his horrible
of her horrible dream
which of course
mimics what happens
with Bill at the party
and a great bit of acting
she's laughing in her sleep
and then wakes up
and it's of course
this dream
of this grotesque
vision of her
temptation
that she is
she is at an orgy
in her dream too
where she is kind of
the centerpiece
and all these men
are making love to her
and having sex with her
and fucking her
and they all laugh
at Bill
and they turn
and laugh at him
and how weak he is
and obviously
you can see on Bill's face
once again
we're playing with
the misogyny
of the wife
fantasizing about it
and feeling bad
and telling him
well the husband
actually went out
and did it
now of course
neither of them
actually transgress
but her sin
of infidelity
is fantasy
while his sin
actually happens
out in the real world
and of course
this scene
is a great
just
this movie
is just so well made
and made it such a high level
that it feels necessary
to watch it so many times
to unpack it
isn't it great
that this scene
is bathed in blue light
the blue light
of the dream world
but Alice
is disturbed
by reality
which came to her
in a dream
we can see how
Kubrick's working
with these themes
and intertwining them
upon each other
and building on them
layer by layer
that reality
interrupts their
blue light
dream world
bedroom
but it's a reality
that came
to Alice
in a dream
very clever writing
and very well done
and obviously
this is
you know
again
like we said
connects to the
theme of
dream and fantasy
and reality
and dancing
upon that line
and you see them
their dance is about
to spiral out
of control here
and of course
you know
knowing the ending
of this movie
at this point
Bill should just
tell her right
at this point
she's being honest
with him
so he should just
be honest with her
but it's interesting
that Bill still has
enough ego
or enough arrogance
to think
that he can
get to the bottom
of this the next day
that maybe he can
figure it out
and maybe he doesn't
have to tell her
and so of course
now we go into
the next day
after Bill's journey
into night
and he sees
the true face of power
and reality
he comes back
in the daytime
in the dream world
but now everything's
changed
because he has
opened his eyes
everything's changed
and no one acts
the same
and nothing quite
makes sense
of course he goes
to the sonata
and it's closed
he goes next door
to the Gillespie
and tries to find Nick
and he's not there
he goes to Nick's
hotel
the Hotel Jason
is it
which is a funny name
it's probably a real hotel
I don't know
and Nick's not there
and we get the great scene
with the god
Alan Cumming
one of my favorite
performances
of his
he's so good
in this
and again
clearly
feels
much like the
bodyguard
at the sonata
and much like
Nick Nightingale
himself
clearly feels
placed here
as a guide
it's clearly
Bill is supposed
to run into him
so he can specifically
tell him
you know
he can drop the hints
that Nick Nightingale
was dealt with
in a violent manner
and scare Bill
while also seeming
to you know
that's just what happened
I just don't know
some big burly guys
and it was pretty scary
Alan Cumming
is just phenomenal
at playing this
and the little look
he gives at the end
where it's like
like okay
I guess
I guess I did my job
when Bill is clearly
intimidated
and scared
is great
and you notice
of course
the lobby
of Hotel Jason
big Christmas tree
and behind Alan Cumming
are a bunch of
brochures
with Christmas trees
on them
and so
we're back here
in this dream world
except Bill
knows enough now
because he opened
his eyes
when they were
supposed to be shut
he knows enough now
to see that things
are wrong
much like you know
if you ever open
your eyes
and like I said
go crazy for a couple
months about
Jeffrey Epstein
and learn everything
you can
nothing looks the
fucking same
afterwards
and this movie
is obviously
a great testament
to that
and again
a central
core tenet
of that
this movie
he has
he has seen
the unseen
he has spoken
the unspeakable
and now
nothing can be
the same
of course next
we get
the return
to Rainbow Rentals
and in the daylight
now Bill is seeing
the reality
of this place
he's seeing
the reversal
of the first scene
that Melich
has clearly
made a deal
with these rich
businessmen
to sell his
daughter to them
after you know
the whole feigned
outrage
which looking
in the context
of this
was probably
just to get
himself a better
price
for his daughter
which is very funny
so obviously
horrible and horrific
but also funny
knowing that
is this little
feigned dance
between him
and the businessmen
being shocked
and outraged
but again
we return to
where the rainbow
ends
a father
sacrificing his
child to the
rich and elite
for the sake
of money
or power
or status
and I just
looked it up
again
probably should
have known
this going in
but Melich
appears to be
an Americanized
version of
in this movie
it's spelled
with a ch
Americanized
version of
the Slovenian
or Croatian
name
Melich
with Serbian
and Croatian
or Slovenian
Melich
with just a c
apparently based
on the Slavic
name element
mil meaning
gentle deer
d-e-a-r
so we may be
playing with
an interesting
idea there too
the Americanized
form of
a name meaning
gentle deer
and here he
is selling
his gentle
deer
his daughter
to the rich
businessmen
and there
clearly is an
understanding
and an
understanding
once again
going back
to the idea
of Bill
as a rook
there's an
understanding
between the
Omni ones
that Millich
understands as
well that is
foreign and
scary to Bill
and inexplicable
but he is
starting to see
in the light
of day here
and of course
we get to
Bill
returning to
Somerton
in the light
of day
and it's
very funny
that this
time he
comes in
his Range
Rover
I can't
see
you're talking
about a
perfect little
meme
I can't
see a Range
Rover
now without
thinking of
Always Sunny
and it being
the official
car of the
Golden God
like the Range
Rover is what
you buy if
you want to
show people
that you're
elite and
powerful
not what
you buy
if you
really are
elite and
powerful
so it's
perfect that
Bill drives
a Range
Rover back
to Somerton
and this
whole scene
is obviously
just an
encapsulation
of the
arrogance
Bill still
has that
he can get
to the bottom
of this
that he can
ride up there
in the light
of day
and they'll
have some
questions to
answer for him
as we see
the rest of
the movie
is him coming
to grips
with the
true reality
the true
face of power
that the party
at Somerton
represented
and the fact
that they're
not bluffing
and what they
said is true
and they will
destroy him
and his family
but it's funny
that he thinks
at this point
he's going to
get back
into the gate
and they're
going to have
some explaining
to do
and of course
Bill gets
handed the
letter of
warning
telling him
to give
up his
inquiries
which are
completely
useless
and again
just the idea
of this
power structure
he has climbed
one rung
too high
on the ladder
of power
and they are
correcting him
much as
the system
of power
and the
shining
the dark
star
must correct
the transgressors
there
here
Bill must be
corrected
and again
just another
you know
this whole
third act
and this whole
end of the
movie
doesn't make
sense without
the understanding
of what
happened at
Somerton
being an elite
pedophile party
an elite
you know
the true face
of the dark
star power
why would
they be sending
him these
threats
they don't
want him
to tell
their wives
that they're
all cheating
on them
too
their wives
were there
with them
Ziggler's wife
is there
with them
there's no
again
I don't need
to keep
explaining it
but I think
this whole
third act
of the movie
is again
Kubrick
challenging you
as the viewer
to really
think about
what you saw
and really
think about
because like
I said
the first time
I saw it
it didn't
make sense
to me
and I think
to most
people
it doesn't
make sense
it seems
like a
very well
made
and very
artistic
movie
about
temptation
and fidelity
and elite
secret sex
parties
that kind
of has
some loose
threads
that go
nowhere
and again
no choices
are arbitrary
with Kubrick
there are not
loose threads
in his movies
there is
intention
baked into
almost every
layer
so I think
again this
whole
third act
of the movie
is really
challenging you
to think
about what
you saw
and think
about
the line
between
dreams
and reality
fantasy
and reality
and what
we see
and what
we close
our eyes
to
now we
get to
see him
and Bill
returning
home
seeing Alice
the faithful
wife
and loving
mother
helping Helena
with her
homework
and you
can go
crazy
with all
of Kubrick's
movies
looking for
every single
sign
and let's
try not
to do that
we're already
what two and a half
hours in here
so let's not go too
crazy but it is
interesting that in this
scene there is no blue
light pouring in
from the outside
that he's almost
seeing
it's almost a
suggestion that
suggestion that
this is the reality
of Alice
she is both
the loving
doting mother
and wife
and also
as we hear
creep over the
narration
as Bill
stares at her
he hears her
sexual fantasies
too
it's almost
a suggestion
that that is
who she is
she is both
a mother
and wife
and also a
human being
who has
desires
and temptations
and sexual
fantasies
as well
so it's
interesting
and then the
only real
blue light
we see
comes in
slightly
through the
window
on Bill
as he is
looking at
her
and he is
grappling with
this
again
the dance
the waltz
between
the dream
world
and the real
world
and then
we go back
to Bill
has to go
back to his
office at night
to sit there
and think about
his wife
getting fucked
by the sailor
and get mad
about it
but this is
the scene
you can see
in the background
behind him
I guess it's
I said it's a
bookend
maybe it's more
of a paperweight
but we see
the black horse's
head that
resembles the
rook
we see
the rook head
and Bill
once again
not to
go over it
again
but Bill
as the rook
Bill
as the
non-omni
one
Bill
as a
servant
of power
who aspires
to do
more
but when
he moves
out of his
prescribed
pattern of
movement
and he goes
one step
too far
he has to
be corrected
and now
of course
we see
Bill
again
jealous
again
thinking
about Alice's
fantasies
and causing
him to
try to go
out again
but this time
it's not a
journey into
night
it's a
journey into
day
and everything
is different
he first
calls
Marion
Nathanson
but her
husband
picks up
and then
of course
he goes
to Domino's
apartment
and has
the very
sexual
flirtatious
encounter
with Sally
actually gets
as close
as he ever
gets to
transgressing
and breaking
fidelity
with Sally
but then
is of course
told that
Domino has
HIV
and clearly
again
we're just
Bill
is out
of sync
with this
world
he is
here in
the daylight
when the
reality is
breaking
through
and he's
still trying
to live
his fantasy
and of course
it's not
working
so now
Bill walks
around our
fake dream
world
Manhattan
and of course
is followed
by presumably
someone from
the party
or someone
from the
dark star
power structure
that is keeping
an eye on
him and
conspicuously
letting him
know he's
being watched
and again
we won't
get repeated
didn't get
into it
so much
but why
would this
be happening
if what
is happening
on the
surface level
is what's
supposed to
be really
happening
in this
movie
why would
they be
following him
why would
they be
keeping
tabs on
him
as we
answered
I think
we know
because he
saw the
true face
of the
dark star
and if
we want
to talk
about the
true face
of the
dark star
as we
mentioned
we'll get
into
we must
talk about
this next
scene
Bill goes
into the
cafe
to get
away
from his
pursuer
he goes
in
he orders
a coffee
he sits
down
and he
opens up
the newspaper
and he
sees the
article
about
ex-beauty
queen
in hotel
drugs
overdose
about
Amanda's
death
and the
article
is written
by none
other
than
Larry
Salona
so who
is Larry
Salona
you may
ask
Larry
Salona
was a
and I
believe
still is
a
New York
Post
reporter
and let's
just go
through
this history
reading from
a source
online
in 1997
New York
Post
reporter
Larry
Salona
is hired
by Stanley
Kubrick
as a
consultant
on
Eyes Wide
Shut
and tasked
with writing
two fake
articles
for the
film
one
headline
lucky
to be
alive
the other
a cover
up of
the murder
of a
sex
slave
falsely
reporting
it as
a
suicide
now
when
Kubrick
dies
in
1999
Larry
Salona
is the
one
to break
the news
and he
specifically
reported
that Kubrick
was happy
joking
and completely
at
peace
before
he
died
then
just a few
months later
Larry Salona
is the first
person informed
of JFK
Jr.'s
untimely death
and Larry Salona
breaks that story
as well
now we go to
2019
Larry Salona
is still working
at the New York
Post and still
breaking exclusives
he was the first
to report
Epstein's
first suicide
attempt
and he was also
the first
to report
of Epstein's
successful suicide
and he was
also the first
to release
photos
of Epstein's
dead body
and then
again
a year
I guess
two years
later
he is the
first
to report
of Ghislaine
Maxwell's
arrest
so
whole lot
to unpack
here
but in
the article
in the movie
it's clear
because Bill
knows Amanda
sacrificed
herself for him
it's clear
that this is a
cover-up
it's clear
that this is a
highly orchestrated
among the
halls of power
cover-up story
for why Amanda
suddenly shows up
dead
that she died
in a hotel
drugs overdose
and in the
story about
Kubrick's death
the story about
Epstein's death
I haven't read
the JFK Jr.
one
and the Ghislaine
article
the tone
very much
mimics
this tone
of the article
about Amanda's
death
namely that all
the articles
seem like
cover-ups
they all seem
like the
official
authorized
story
that the
powers that
be
wanted to
have
published
as the
official
record
of note
of what
happened
to these
people
and who
they were
and why
it happened
there's a
specific
tone
of trying
to
specifically
not engage
with any
conspiracy
not talk
about anything
large
or the
ramifications
of this
or where
these people
come from
or why
any of this
may have
happened
but kind
of a
return to
reality
let's stick
to just
the facts
he died
here
the plane
crashed
he hung
himself
in his
cell
Kubrick
died
and he
was at
peace
and smiling
when he
died
joking
happy
and completely
at peace
the tone
of all these
articles
as with
the Amanda
article
is of
a cover-up
of the
official story
of the
official
public record
of a story
that most
likely goes
much deeper
and as with
everything
in Eyes Wide
Shut
once again
the very
nature
of dancing
on that
border
between
dreams
and reality
is at
play here
in the
form of
that dichotomy
presented in
the form
between
truth and
conspiracy
we could say
Salone is just
doing his job
and that is
specifically
what his
bosses want
specifically
mainstream
large corporate
media does not
want to engage
in conspiracy
does not want
to put themselves
out on a limb
where they may be
liable
financially
or otherwise
or probably
more accurately
politically liable
that is very
much a
status quo
of newspaper
reporting
and the
official notes
of record
is avoid
the phenomenal
avoid the
let's stick
to the facts
and let's not
participate
in conspiracy
theory
you know
we could say
again he's
just doing
his job
that's what
his bosses
want to not
delve into
conspiracy theories
and not
create drama
around these
deaths but
instead to
be a sober
you know
rationalizing
force that
you know
seeks to
just publish
just the
baseline
you know
provable
in a court
of law
facts about
these incidents
but isn't
that idea
in and of
itself
evidence of
them controlling
these narratives
and specifically
enforcing you
know a
manicured and
fake reality
to you
and isn't
it you know
once again
evidence in
and of itself
of the
horrible
oppressions of
Kubrick and
again the
central theme
of eyes wide
shut and the
central tenet of
how it's made
and what it's
telling slash
showing you
you know
isn't it evident
in and of itself
that the only
people who talk
about these things
are called
conspiracy theorists
and that if you
even engage with
ideas you're
written off as
crazy and
delusional
isn't this all
self-evident of
the validity of
Kubrick's thesis
here that this
world that forces
us to accept
fantasy over
reality and that
we all choose
or are forced
to live with
our eyes wide
shut
so there's
Larry Salona
for you and
there's this
article and as
I mentioned at
the beginning
there's a
plot line out
there that
Kubrick
contacted the
New York Post
to write these
articles and
specifically write
an article that's
a cover-up of
a death that
was you know
a murder or
in this case a
sacrifice of
Amanda to the
Dark Star Power
Cult and covered
it up as being
about you know
a beauty queen
dying in a
drug overdose
the timeline or
the plot line out
there in some
universe and like I
said maybe in this
universe goes it
Kubrick contacted
the New York Post
said I need this
cover-up article
written they got
their guy who does
cover-up articles
he writes this
article learns
what the movie's
about and maybe
the dominoes fall
from there that
lead up to
Kubrick's death
who knows I
don't know and
I'm not supposing
either way because
like I said in the
beginning what does
it matter at this
point but it's
clear that there's
a pattern with
Larry Salona it's
clear that he's the
guy that comes in
when someone dies and
says no no actually
there was nothing to
see here actually it
just is what it is
and it is what it
appears to be on the
surface and there's
no depth deeper than
that and like we
said maybe that's
because Larry Salone
is a fucking CIA
agent and maybe he's
the operation
mockingbird you know
CIA plant to control
the narratives or
again self-evident of
the theory and the
central thesis of
eyes wide shut maybe
that's just the job
maybe again to avoid
political and
financial liability
you know major
media their job is
to not engage in
conspiracy to not ask
these questions to
again you know not
delve into anything
deeper and keep it on
the surface and once
again either way
whether you know
Larry Salona is an
asset or whether
Larry Salona is just
doing his job either
way is in this
self-evidence of the
idea that we are
living in a world with
our eyes wide shut
and it's also
interesting to notice
on the left side of
the article to the
left of this article
about Amanda dying
is an article about
a hostage situation
above it is an
article about someone
named McCarthy
attending a memorial
service for her husband
and the other
passengers killed in a
1993 massacre and
then going and saying
I don't know what a
congressman can do we
have to have no
tolerance for violence
even this mental
violence and then on
the right is a story
about what Grossberg
and Peterson put to
death after allegedly
beating their newborn
son to death so you
have literally framed in
stories about the
horrific violence in
America and a story
about child abuse and
child sacrifice and
child murder this fake
planted conspiracy story
about the death of
Amanda so this just this
little shot with Larry
Salona in the byline for
this article about Amanda
tells you so much and
helps paint the picture
of a world living with
its eyes wide shut and
of course you know Bill
in this journey after
the journey and tonight
is journey and today to
try to find the reality
mimics this whole idea
of conspiracy and he's
seeing this conspiracy
and constantly being
told that's not what
he's seen now Bill goes
to see Amanda's body in
the morgue at the
hospital and I'm looking
around as we mentioned
earlier it's said by some
people that this is wing
C room 114
this morgue to connect
it to CRM 114 CRM 114
this theme through that's
present in strange love
2001 and a clockwork
orange this little meme
that represents the dark
star I don't see anything
particularly evidencing that
here maybe I'm missing
something as I'm watching
if I see anything we'll add
a note if I don't we won't
add a note I didn't see
anything he is walking out
of wing C so there's
something there but
there's no as far as I
can tell no room 114 so
anyway now we get into
this final meeting between
Bill and Ziegler and again
one of the Kubrick's
crowning achievements an
incredibly written and
acted scene in which more
or less we really can't
this this dance between
dreams and reality really
comes to a head in a
twisted inverted way
Ziegler is inviting Bill
here to tell him
obviously I saw you at the
party I know I know you
were there I know that was
you and then tell him that
what he thought he saw he
didn't see he this is the
scene where Bill you know
through his friend Ziegler
interfaces with the dark
star you know Ziegler's
doing it as kindly as it
possibly can to try and
convince Bill to not lead
himself into his own
destruction but Ziegler is
clearly telling Bill the
sky is green in this scene
he's clearly telling him
what you think you saw you
did not see and it's great
obviously for a movie it's
all about the main
characters dancing between
this this line between
dreams and reality then
Kubrick forcing the viewer
to dance between this line
between dreams and reality
and then also that being
baked in to be the central
theme and key you know
tenet of the script in the
film itself that it's
dancing on the line
between what it's showing
and what it's telling and
what is seen and unseen
isn't it great for this
movie to more or less end
here or get to the ending
with a character coming and
telling you you didn't see
what you think you saw
isn't that exactly how it
would go and it's a great
you know inversion and
reflection of this theme and
it shows you exactly how
maddening this is it just
shows you exactly why if
you open your eyes in a
world where your eyes are
supposed to be shut it will
drive you insane because
everyone will tell you what
you saw was not what you
saw and again of course
relating it to the idea that
what happened at Somerton at
the party was an elite
pedophile orgy and it was
this this blood ritual of the
elites swearing fealty and
loyalty to the dark star it
again doesn't Ziegler's
argument here doesn't make
sense and he even
contradicts himself you know
he's saying he starts to
say you didn't see what you
saw and then he says you
know what if I told you this
was all just a big game and
they were just doing this to
try and scare you you know
there's inherent logical
fallacy there that he says it
didn't happen and if it did it
was just to try and scare you
but then he also says you
know I know you went back to
the house I know you went
looking for Nick Nightingale
I know you went to his
hotel so they are watching
him so even within this
speech where Ziegler is
trying to basically lure
Bill back into the dream
world lure him back into
shutting his eyes and
believe you know believe
that he didn't see what he
saw even his argument
contradicts itself and
doesn't make any sense and
once again we get back to
the idea of what happened
at Somerton was elite
pedophilia in service of the
dark star again why would
they go to these great
lengths why is it so
dramatic why does he have
to call Bill here to have
this one-on-one tete-a-tete
to to kind of clear the air
and make sure they're on
the same page if it was
just what it appeared to be
I think clearly obviously it
was not and the threat of
violence and the fact again
that you know he says it was
all just to scare you but
then also mentioned you know
we are watching you we are
you know why would they have
to scare him if what he saw
was not damning enough for it
to be a liability for them so
this is just you see again
this this this scene
particularly this culmination
of these themes and this
culmination and inversion of
the dream reality waltz we're
doing here in the movie it's
both Ziegler doing this to Bill
and doing this to us as the
audience and telling us we did
not see what we think we saw
you know again Bill says Amanda
tried to warn me and Ziegler
says I know again how would he
know that if what we saw was
not what we saw so this scene
is great you know it's kind of
Ziegler gaslighting Bill and
attempting you know Kubrick
attempting to gaslight the
audience while at the same time
leaving these clues that this is
not true just like the clues
throughout the movie that we are
not seeing what we think we're
seeing it's it's enough to drive
you crazy and make you you know
make you give up or make you
think you know it's just
mysterious I'm not supposed to be
able to draw the thread here but
hopefully through we're
approaching our three of this
podcast hopefully we've drawn the
thread to where you can see it
and now this scene ends with just
to me just pure movie magic and
another one of Kubrick's crowning
achievement shots after this whole
spiel and after Ziegler tells Bill
you know it wasn't what you saw you
didn't see what you think you saw and
if you did it was just to intimidate
you after this whole thing you know
Bill is obviously distraught and as
we talked about with the bathroom
scene of Ziegler you know them
sealing their little secret bond that
he won't tell anybody about Amanda
overdosing in his bathroom in that
scene he goes up and grabs Bill like
by the arms facing him in the front and
says you know I don't need to tell you
but let's keep this a secret between
us here at the end of this scene he
walks up behind Bill and puts his
hands on his shoulders from the back
and as he does that he says just just
perfectly written and perfectly
performed here by Sidney Pollack he
said he tells Bill life goes on until
it doesn't but you know that don't you
Bill which is just such a perfectly
written and performed barely veiled
threat and once again just an
encapsulating meme moment of the idea
of them telling you things are one way
and then making them the other way he
just told you this was not what you
saw you should just forget it
everything was just to scare you and
then leaves you with a little hint that
if you say anything life goes on until
it doesn't but you know that don't you
and as he says that as he puts his hands
on Bill's shoulders as Pollack Ziegler is
walking over to Cruz Bill and the camera
follows him as he's saying that blue
light from the window pours across both
their faces suddenly in this scene that's
been all lit by the white light and the
golden light of his billiard room suddenly
the blue light pours through the window and
it's this perfect movie magic moment of
Ziegler more or less warning Bill and
more or less guiding Bill leading him by
the hand back into the dream world back
into shutting his eyes and forgetting
what he saw and as he makes this veiled
threat slash proposition to Bill with a
smiling face and hands on his shoulders
the blue light creeps back in and is
clearly this like I said both a threat and
an invitation to shut his eyes again and
go back to living with eyes wide shut that's
just again just purely perfect God level
filmmaking and one of Kubrick's crowning
achievements I think and again just a
horribly prescient Kubrick moment that
can be viewed as a microcosm of what we did
post Epstein and what we do when we see the
dark horrible ugly monstrous face of power
and the true blood rituals that tie the bonds
of power in service of the dark star the
easiest thing the only thing we can do the
only thing we feel like because we're
powerless is go back to shutting our
eyes and it's a great it's the perfect
scene in a great little invitation slash
threat that both Ziegler extends to Bill
and Kubrick extends to us as the audience as
a test and a challenge of will you close
your eyes again and again the horrific
prescience of Kubrick post Epstein our
answer was a resounding yeah sure what's on
Netflix it's great to that Ziegler he says
you know let's cut the bullshit you know
you said to yourself she's she was a drug
addict that she need to stop she was an
OD there was nothing suspicious her door
was locked from the inside the police are
happy end of story and that's a great like
we talked about a great echoing of Larry
Salona and his language and that whole
theory and the whole kind of system the
way our culture works in the way the media
works of well the door was locked from the
inside the police are happy so nothing
that's the official public records so
there's no other room to question there's
nothing to question there and isn't that
so how this whole world operates and how we
understand these things and why I'm doing
this series and I think why Kubrick did his
last seven films about the arc of mankind's
violence that you know it's that is the only
standard we held them to in our culture and
specifically with our media and if that's
the level if we just accept the story oh
the black kid had a had a gun he reached
for a gun so the cop had to shoot him
that's what's written in the paper that's
what the cop said so that must be the
story if we accept that if we live at that
level that is us shutting our eyes and it's
dishonest and it allows the monsters to
continue to get away with what they do so
we get the incredible terrifying shot of
Ziegler approaching Bill putting his hands
on his shoulders the blue light creeping
across telling him life goes on until it
doesn't but you know that don't you Bill
this incredible both threat and invitation
to shut your eyes again as he after he told
them everything he saw was not real and
what do we get next smash cut to the mask
on the pillow if everything was not real and
if it was all just to scare him well we get
Kubrick saying not quite so fast Ziegler
smash cut face on the pillow it's real it's
invaded your home it's unavoidable and it's
great obviously the mask is in the pillow
and their room is again bathed in the blue
light of the dream world it's great that
right before Bill comes into the bedroom he
turns off the lights on the Christmas tree
right before reality is about to crash
through and obviously the situation has now
become untenable Bill has to tell Alice
and we get again to the light of the next
day and now they are breaking the dream
world and Bill has to tell Alice about the
reality of what he's seen and what has
happened so now we get into the final scene
and as I mentioned in the intro for the
first time we see Bill take off his his
Manhattan elite socialite clothes the first
time we don't see him in a tuxedo or a
three-piece suit and now he looks a little
bit more like Kubrick now he's wearing a
sweater over a shirt and a jacket dressing
much more simply and the way Kubrick did
and of course Alice is crying the reality
is crashing through but they promised to
take Helena Christmas shopping today I've
said Helena most of this episode her name's
Helena what you know I'm gonna get so
much shit wrong the point is that you
listen to the message okay anyway they
promised to take Helena Christmas shopping
so once again reality has crashed through
but they have made a promise to stay in the
dream world for their daughter they Christmas
shopping Christmas lights etc and now we
get to the final scene with a whole lot of
symbolism in the toy store and one of the
first things you can see as they're walking
through there's a man blowing bubbles with
a crowd of kids around him and there's a board
game there a red board game called the magic
circle which I think immediately you know
draw the parallel to the red circular carpet
in the red cloak that was the magic circle
clearly we're working on a lot of ideas here and
then the first time we see Helena Bill and
Alice walk up and we see Helena she is next to a
giant stuffed bear looking at baby carriages and
looking at baby dolls so giant bear next to baby
dolls and then she picks up a stuffed bear and
says I hope Santa Claus gets me one of these for
Christmas clearly I don't need to repeat it but
we're working with a lot of symbolism here and
now of course we get to the ending where Bill
and Alice agree more or less to live with eyes
wide shut to go back to sleep to ignore what
they saw and go fuck because more or less to save
their daughter more or less to save Helena and
because they are powerless in the face of this
overwhelming dark star power and this is the
scene that feels most autobiographical about
this movie to me and I almost feel Alice has
has not had a ton of agency in this movie to
this point and Bill clearly is needing her to
make a decision and I always felt like there's a
little bit of Kubrick giving the mic after his
whole career to his wife here for a second to
speak her part to but either way it feels very
personal and confessional and and the fact that
they make what is you know on one level the wrong
choice the evil choice the immoral choice to go
back to living with their eyes wide shut and go
back to living in the dream world and ignoring
what they saw on the other side that's a choice
made out of love it's a choice made to save their
daughter and save their family you know as Alice
says I think we're lucky to be alive through all of
our what she say all of our adventures whether they
were real or only a dream we should consider
ourselves lucky to be alive that feels really like
personal and confessional again and it's it's an I an
idea of this being an act of love even though it may be the
wrong thing to do that feels very human and real you know
and there's a bit of rare earnest sympathy from Kubrick
here for Bill and Alice at the end but of course you know it's
perfectly only truly Kubrick sympathy in that it only comes
after acknowledging how petty and evil and obsequious the social
climbing American is for two and a half hours but he does at the
same time also acknowledge that their choice to shut their
eyes again is one of love and is the only choice you can
realistically make to save your family and the people you
love went up against the overwhelming eternal power of the
American dark star and all of its violence it feels like we said
at the beginning that as they themselves climb the ranks of power
and the ranks of the elite and surely witnessed things that
disturbed them it feels like at some point Kubrick and Christiane
may have had to agree to shut their eyes to some degree too as we all do as we
all must do in order to survive in this fallen corrupt world again you know if
you live with these things if you live with the shining if you live with it all
you see all the bodies and the rivers of blood you go crazy
so that's what's you know this great final moment where they agree to shut
their eyes and go fuck it's real it's what almost all of us do every
single day and of course in this scene it wouldn't be Kubrick if it wasn't
genius and ironic and that we've been dealing with this dream reality
dichotomy the whole time and them living what they think is reality
the world they live in every day is actually the dream world and the real
world the real face of power is happening at Somerton and it's elite
pedophiles swearing blood oaths before the dark star but then of course
geniusly brilliantly cheekily coyly ironically as only Kubrick could at the
end Bill and Alice themselves invert this understanding you know as they're
agreeing to go back shut their eyes and fuck and live their lives they view it as
as now they're awake you know Bill says no dream is just a dream and Alice's
response is well the important thing is now we're awake now and we will be for a
long time and of course the perfectly Kubrick quota there of Bill says forever
and she says let's not use that word it's a little too permanent you know it's a
suggestion that even these as these people you know think they resolved to make the
right decision they're not committing to it forever let's not let's not say well
they think their eyes are open and even within this context even Alice is like
let's let's not make that a hard and fast rule but it's a great and ironic you know
reversal of the themes of these this movie for the past two and a half hours that they see
themselves as awake now in the moment that they choose to go back to sleep and
of course it wouldn't be Kubrick and it wouldn't be eyes wide shut and we wouldn't
be dancing between dreams and reality if it didn't leave us with one final mystery
as Bill and Alice are having this conversation and Alice says let's not say
forever of course Helena disappears down the aisle of the shining's stuffed bears and
there are two older gentlemen who appear to be without kids that are talking to each
other they walk down the aisle after her and they kind of put themselves or they're
put between Helena and her parents you know it's this final mystery Bill and Alice
choose to save her but the combination of Alice saying let's not say forever and the
combination of Helena disappearing down an aisle full of stuffed bears is you know
begs the question is this a suggestion that it might be too late that the Dark Star will
have Helena if it wants to and that regardless of Bill's you know non-omnimum bourgeoisie morality
and the choice of love he makes for Helena's sake and for his family's sake at the end is
there a suggestion there that the bottom line is always that the Dark Star will have its way
that they lose track of their daughter who knows perhaps perhaps not but again it's you know
again self-evidence of the theme of the ending of this movie that we're ultimately powerless as
individuals up against the Dark Star and the only choice we have it is one of love the only choice we
have is to protect those we care about and love those we care about and of course this being Kubrick's
last shot intentional or not it wouldn't be Kubrick if he didn't leave us with one last mystery and one
last threat and invitation one last extension of the olive branch and a threat of the violence that
backs it up and a question to his audience will we open our eyes or will we go back to living with eyes wide shut
so this podcast is now longer than the movie eyes wide shut is so let's wrap this up quickly
I just want to make a note of how disgusting and reprehensible it is that the main cultural effect
of this movie is it became an aesthetic for rich people to have parties to I saw that Doja Cat
had an eyes wide shut themed birthday party and once again just the horrible prescience of Kubrick
and if he could see a bunch of you know rich kids in Hollywood fucking going to an eyes wide shut themed
Christmas party uh you know he did foresee it with the Yale kids he did foresee it that the these
people's kids are going to be just as big of fucking monsters as they are um the fact that that's
eyes wide shut has become primarily just an aesthetic of elite secret society
and a masquerade ball for modern Marie Antoinette's uh that sucks and they're all bad people
so fuck that shit and fuck that understanding of this movie when it's really about so much more and really
poses a vital question to its audience for the reality that was to come that we are
horrifically horribly failing as only as only mankind could so of course anyway this brings to a close
this first four part series in the larger seven part Kubrick series but this is the fourth of his
four movies about America of these last seven and this brings to a close this first part of this series
now we're going to go on and do the other three movies uh 2001 A Clockwork Orange and Barry Lyndon
but I think hopefully through this series we showed you uh Kubrick's picture of America and
and how it came to represent like we talked about the dark star apex the dark star apotheosis of the arc
of violence that defines mankind and defines our time within this universe we saw it start in episode
one with the shining and its acknowledgement of America being a place built upon a river of blood
built upon the bones of a genocide in a place that seeks death and destruction and requires it run by
a secret elite power structure that requires people to correct their children and sacrifice them to the
dark star then we went to Dr. Strangelove and saw a vision of the end of mankind as defined by violence
mankind dying in a violent fiery nuclear holocaust created only out of his own bloodlust and paranoia
then we went of course to Full Metal Jacket and saw how the cult of America brainwashes generations
of child soldiers into American bloodlust and conquest and finally we come here to Eyes Wide Shut
where Kubrick shows us the face of power and shows us that the world we live in the world we think is
real is not real and that we are all faced with a choice to see the horrors and to understand
who Jeffrey Epstein was why he may have been a CIA agent why that matters why presidents and
billionaires and heads of state and and and prime ministers were at his island and at his place in
New York with Eyes Wide Shut Kubrick attempts to in the way he can show us the true face of power as
America as the dark star of mankind's violence the apex of mankind's violence committing itself to the
American project the extension of the American project the extension of the
American project the extension of the politics of fascism and violence within liberalism so that we
all now live a dual a duality and a and a schismed reality we all now live within Eyes Wide Shut we all
now live in one world that's real in one world we tell each other is real and you know through these this
series and these four movies again he paints a accurately brutal accurately horrific horrible
violent picture of America again I think this series can answer the question why did he leave America in
1964 and never come back I think hopefully after these first four episodes you see that and he does paint
what he hopes to be a honest portrayal of man and an honest history of man by never forgetting and always
acknowledging that mankind is born in violence and will end in violence but as we talked about too
in the shining it's important to note that Kubrick is not a misanthrope and he's not inherently a
pessimist and he didn't make these movies because he thought mankind was a mistake or mankind was a
perversion he simply thought you can't write the story of mankind without acknowledging this no one is
acknowledging this I will be the one to acknowledge this and this is why I said in the intro why I think it's it's
uh brave and kind of heroic of Kubrick to make eyes wide shut in that he and these seven movies in
general and present this alternate history just that Kubrick was an omni one too Kubrick could see
the big picture and he could see the bottom line of violence and instead of running to his his nearest CIA
agent CIA agent and saying sign me up what can I do to help or instead of you know uh burying his head in the
sand and living with eyes wide shut he made these movies so that's why I think hopefully I've helped
you understand these movies and help paint this picture of what Kubrick was trying to say that's
why I think this series has been worthwhile hopefully and worth your time and to me is is important because
this understanding is completely lost and completely forgotten and not part of the history of Kubrick and
not part of the understanding of his work so hopefully we've helped you understand why he
made these movies and what they're about but to end this little first four part series to talk about
Kubrick not being a misanthrope and not being a pessimist I want to read a quote from Kubrick's letter
to the New York Times editor after Clockwork Orange came out amidst all the controversy about its shocking
ultra-violence and amidst the claims that Kubrick was a pessimist and was a misanthrope and was only
interested in painting the picture of man at his worst Kubrick wrote to dwell on the glories of man
and ignore the symptoms of his possible insanity is not a sign of optimism but of ostrichism it can only be
compared to the attitude of that jolly physician who a short time before van Gogh committed suicide
declared that he could not be insane because he painted such beautiful pictures so again this
series is not stating that Kubrick believed mankind to be a mistake or a perversion and he was not a
hopeless pessimist or a misanthrope but he instead sought to present a view of history a view of mankind's
history that was honest about the nature of man and honest about the arc of violence which man you know is
defined by is the defining characteristic of man and a man has adopted as his mission in the universe
as evidenced by America and the fourth Reich we can see this desire within his work to break away from
the fantasy world and the surface world we all live in and dive into the true reality of what lies
underneath and we see that culminate beautifully with eyes wide shut thank you for your time hope you
enjoy it see you next time
it was always going to be just a matter of time with her remember you told her so yourself you remember
the one with the great tits of odin in my bathroom
listen bill nobody killed anybody someone died it happens all the time
life goes on it always does until it doesn't but you know that don't you
don't Democr getting told her yeah
somebody told me
and
they
paused
kas
Thank you.
Thank you.
