I would like to step out of my heart and go walking beneath the enormous sky.
I'm Chelsea Weber-Smith, and I hope today you'll come along and walk with me.
Welcome to this second installment of Walk With Me.
Right now, I'm cheating. I'm currently in my car.
Well, my truck, my Toyota Tacoma 97, his name is Old Handsome.
And I have been all over the country in this truck.
In the back of it, there is a little bed and all the stuff you could need for camping,
even though my entire survival gear kit was stolen from my truck.
Like, a couple months ago, I had pretty much the whole shebang inherited from my apocalypse-prepping youth with my pops.
But yeah, it got all stolen, completely. Every scrap of it.
Like, comically, every scrap of it.
But, you know, if anything's going to get stolen from me, from hopefully somebody that needs some outdoor equipment during this fucked up winter, then so be it.
I'm trying to think positively like that.
Aren't I such a good person?
Anyway, enough about me.
Here's more about me.
I'm currently on a ferry.
That's right.
One of those Washington State boats that goes out to our strange dotting of islands.
And if you're not from Washington, then you may not have taken a ferry before.
Um, it's pretty unique to our region and I guess the northeast and, you know, the river boats of the south and up the...
What is it? The Mississippi River?
Which one goes to St. Louis?
I don't know. The French one.
Anyway, um, it is a friggin' beautiful day.
Uh, couldn't ask again for another beautiful day.
It's as if the world is reordering itself for my own joy.
Um, and thus, yours as well.
Right now I'm heading over to this really small island called Southworth.
Um, and my friend Josephine's over there, um, where her dad and stepmom have some property.
So we are gonna go out together and have a little bit of a COVID walk.
So I'm heading over there to meet Josephine.
And, uh, her and I used to hitchhike together all over the country.
So, uh, we'll talk a little bit about that.
You're gonna meet Josephine.
Um, right now we're gonna get out of my truck.
We're gonna probably embarrass ourselves by talking in front of everybody on a ferry.
So I might be kind of quiet, but I want you guys to hear what it's like.
So we're gonna be crossing the sound.
And I'll be talking a little bit about it.
Maybe we'll see some dolphins or some shit.
Oh.
We going, baby.
All right.
Pop my mask on.
We're slowing the spread.
Almost locked my keys in the car.
All right, we're off, baby.
Let's go.
My sunglasses are totally fogged up.
All right, we're going up the stairs here.
This episode might cut in and out so it's not horribly annoying.
But, uh, yeah, we're on the boat now.
We're taking off.
It's a beautiful day.
I'm gonna sit down here for a second because just going up those stairs made me feel like I was gonna pass out a little bit in this mask.
It ain't always easy, baby.
I'm sorry I've said baby like 600 times today.
I feel like it's really annoying.
Um.
Yeah, we're going across the water and it is like a very, very calm blue.
Hardly any waves at all.
And, uh, the sky is so blue today.
And here you have these, like, really beautiful, like, tree-lined hills that just sort of roll in the distance a little bit.
And right now you can see them really well, but sometimes the fog makes it, like, very ominous.
Washington State is, like, a very ominous place, I think.
And if you've ever been here or lived here or watched the show Twin Peaks, I think that, uh, the Pacific Northwest is just such a haunted place.
With all of our strange, like, very particular kinds of rainforests as well.
Um.
But, uh, yeah.
Today I'm definitely looking forward to seeing my friend who I haven't seen in a long time because of COVID and because she moved down to Portland.
Um.
But, you know, it's making me, of course, think about my traveling days, as I mentioned, you know.
I lived for nine months in Old Handsome, um, in every region of the United States.
And it was, you know, it's one of those things where you go out thinking you're going to figure something out,
but you come out more, like, mixed up than before.
And I don't know, I had some experiences that were so incredible.
Like, I once, uh, was camping along the California-Arizona border, um, pretty much in the desert in this weird camping spot that, uh,
I learned about on freecampsites.net, highly recommended, um, in the middle of nowhere.
And so, first thing that happened out there is I get stuck because it's this long road alongside the river,
but it's completely made of, like, very fine sand.
So you have to stay really on the packed part, which I didn't because I found a spot that looked good for camping.
Um.
So I got stuck and I was like, well, there is nobody around.
I hadn't seen anybody for hours.
And along comes, I kid you not, this little, well, medium-sized new yellow truck.
And inside this yellow truck, well, first of all, the back was filled entirely with chopped wood.
And then, you know, out comes this Mexican man and his teenage son.
And, uh, maybe a little older than teenage, maybe young adult.
But, um, he immediately, you know, pulls out a, um, like a, whatever, like a rope type thing to pull me out of the sand and links it up.
And, you know, he didn't speak, uh, English to the level that we could communicate super clearly.
But, uh, he was helping me, being so sweet.
And then his son came up to me, gay as fuck.
And we're talking, like, these guys were just, like, obviously living out somewhere in a small town.
And, uh, this kid was super gay.
And we were doing, like, that, like, gay signal thing where we kind of, like, feel each other out.
And, um, and we definitely figured it out really fast.
And he was saying something, I'm like, you know, like, I'm going to get out of here, like, as soon as I can.
I am heading to L.A.
And I was like, yep, you definitely should.
Because you're, you've got the spirit of L.A. in you.
And, uh, and, uh, and then, like, we kind of, like, looked over at his dad.
Like, am I talking too loud about you being gay?
And he was like, oh, my God, he doesn't care.
Like, he totally knows.
And it's totally fine.
And so they pull me out of the sand and then off they go.
Father and gay, gay son into the distance after being super heroic.
Story doesn't end there.
That night I'm, like, sitting down by myself.
Drinking some wine.
Smoking a little bit of weed.
And just being very deeply alone in this middle of nowhere, deserty river area.
And then, so, you know, when you're out there and you're not a big dude, it's, it definitely
gets scary, right?
It's, like, not one of those experiences where you can fully relax even though you're, like,
in this insane, beautiful moment that feels like you're somehow safe.
Um, and you probably are far more safe there than anywhere else.
But, you know, when there's no one to hear you scream, it's, uh, a different type of experience.
So, I was sitting down there in my camping chair with my little fire I made right on the,
on the water side.
And I hear what sounds like ten men sprinting toward me from the outside darkness.
Like, from the road or from, I mean, whatever you want to call it, the dirt sand road or
from the woods behind it.
Just, just, I mean, I swear to God, ten men.
And I was, like, okay, this is it.
Like, I'm going to, this is my end, um, slash the beginning of my greatest nightmare.
Um, and so I, like, popped up and I was, like, I don't know what I'm going to do.
What, like, put up my dukes.
And then the, like, eyes kind of adjusted to the darkness.
And it was three wild horses.
You heard me.
Three wild horses.
And they had run to drink from the riverside.
So, I don't know what the lesson is there.
But it's something.
And, uh, all night they rubbed up against the truck when I was sleeping in it.
So, I'd be awoken from, like, just, like, the jolt of them kind of moving the truck.
And it was, like, absolutely and totally unreal.
Um, so that's a little story from the road.
We'll get a couple more when we're talking to Joss.
Um, but let's go out on the deck for a second.
Um, I might not talk very much because there's a bunch of people out there.
And I don't know.
I should get over it.
But I just feel like I'm talking into a microphone.
And it's weird.
The wind might be bad out here.
But we're going out on the bow of the ship.
If there wasn't anyone around, I'd be pretending I was Jack Dawson and Rose Dawson.
Two spirits in one body on the front of a ship.
Man, we can see the fucking just, like, snow-capped mountains here.
The day is, like, so clear.
It's one of those days where it's so clear.
It can only be this clear because it's so cold.
Which is also true.
It's very, very cold right now.
Um, God, it's so pretty.
I'm glad that you guys came on the ferry with me.
It's a little bit of a cheat because I drove on.
I didn't mean to.
But then my truck was covered in ice.
And so I had lost a lot of time to do my little walk on the ferry.
So, excuse me.
Um, but, uh, I don't know.
I'm really excited to share a few more traveling stories.
And Josephine and I are really similar in a lot of ways and really different.
She's in therapy school.
Um, she has been for a long time working really hard.
And, uh, you know, we share a lot of, a lot of similar experiences with, with loving the world in a way that's hard sometimes to talk about.
Um, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna leave it off here.
And I'm gonna go over there and meet her.
And, uh, we will pick back up there.
And until then, I'm gonna enjoy this, uh, the rest of this ferry ride in some quiet.
I'm here with Josephine now.
Say hi, Josephine.
Hi.
Um, we're walking down a road.
Kind of in the middle of the road, which is nice.
Yeah.
Like we're teenagers.
Yeah.
Like we're bad kids.
Um, and we're heading down.
Do you want to tell us about where we are, Joss?
Yeah.
We're, we're in the peninsula of Washington.
And the view that we can see is, it's about three-ish.
So we're facing the water right now.
And we're facing the Cascade Mountain Range, which Washington's pretty famous for.
Um, there's a little sailboat.
And the sun is just hitting the water right.
And it's just a beautiful sight for Seattleites who don't see anything because of the gray.
I talked a little bit on the ferry about like the unique weirdness of Washington.
Yeah.
And the Pacific Northwest and shit.
So we're actually, yeah, we're heading down to the water.
So our first episode was by the pond and now we're going to the Sound, um, which is like
a weird.
It's this piece of water that spits you out into the ocean because you're kind of on the
edge of America.
So before we talk about kind of like our crazy times on the road, I wanted Joss to tell us
about what walking means to her and, uh, what, you know, what value it brings to your life.
So will you tell us?
Mm-hmm.
I would say that walking, um, was a great way for me to begin to have a relationship
with nature because before that I felt fairly excluded from like nature-based activities
because they were so active.
And, um, nature was almost like this passive way.
I mean, walking was like this passive way to get into nature that just like you don't
have to have any experience prior to, to start it up.
So if I feel super in my head and I focus on a piece of nature, I get really close to
it.
Maybe it's like a leaf and then I slowly walk away so that my focus adjusts.
Mm-hmm.
And it really helps me if, um, it helps me just like reground into my body because there's
so many tiny details in nature that just don't make any sense cerebrally or cognitively.
It only makes sense like in your body.
Yeah.
It only makes it, and that's what's so nice about it too is it's like, it's so, it's like
apolitical or like, like you don't, obviously everything is political, but it's so like,
it's, it's, it has a certain loss of, of the intellect, which can be so, which is what
stresses us out constantly all the time.
And sometimes we have got to not do that.
Oh, a bunch of crabs.
Oh, all right.
Let's go see these crabs.
Oh, are they alive?
Ooh, they're dead.
This one's like very purple and pink.
Well, and it has shells connected to it.
Yeah.
Up on the top.
Barnacles.
Barnacles.
Oh yeah, they dead.
Wow.
Yeah, I think another part of, um, walking that I find to be really helpful is there's
this, I grew up with this misconception that in order to get into nature, you had to leave
the city, you had to get into the mountains, you had to walk or hike rather eight miles
up a mountain and hit a view in order to feel in your entire living system that just
like healing medicine, you can only get from nature.
And I just don't prescribe to that anymore.
I feel like when I go on a little city walk even, and I go back into my house because I have
to go to work or whatever, I'm, I bring into my house wilderness and wildness because every
time I go on a walk, I'm just re-reminded that we're literally walking on the planet.
We're walking on an earth.
We exist in an earth and the boundaries of a house have nothing on the deep unparalleled,
like energy that is just bursting from the earth into your living room.
So for me, just a small walk around the block.
I'm just like, I've got this.
I've got wilderness inside of me.
Like my heart is a fucking forest and part of my French and all around us is wilderness
and wildness.
It is not, it is just deep.
It's underneath our feet at all times.
And so, so much like comparison in our world and the tree outside my house is literally
as wild as a tree in a forest.
So I think both experiences are important, but if the end goal is a little bit more peace
of mind, you can access that by walking in your daily life and not have, if you don't
have the, you know, ability to take an entire day off and if you have a car.
I mean, that's the beauty of it is that it's free.
And it's even free in a way where I, we've talked about the spirit of walking, right?
Being even like writing or cause not everyone can even get outside all the time.
You know, some folks have certain disabilities that prevent that or even like agoraphobia
or something where you can't like outside is somehow inaccessible to you.
But that, I think that that wilderness thing is even something that you can tap into in the
same way in yourself.
And that can be through writing like that.
It's all a journey, right?
Yeah.
And that's why we're kind of talking about hitchhiking because it's in a car, but honestly,
it's just fast ass walking, you know?
Um, and so a little background, we, uh, went together hitchhiking when we were 22.
Cause we went to 22 States.
Yeah.
That always helps me remember.
Well, yeah, we were 22.
We went to 22 States.
We just graduated from hippie college.
Um, as I like to call it.
And, uh, we were both really like on one, I feel like, like on our spiritual mission.
Um, and, uh, I think that there's some, we can't even tell you some of the stories because
like, I just don't want you guys to know some of the things we thought were okay to do in
terms of like self self preservation and danger.
But, um, you know, we, we both are really obsessed with people.
I think, I think we both want to run away from people and be alone constantly.
But we also like, especially then before a lot of different things made it more hard,
like harder to, to like access the, the, like, I mean, we were just very like big, you know,
like we wanted everything we wanted to experience all these things.
We wanted to like meet everyone.
And for me, it's always been like, I think I can heal everyone, which is stupid.
Um, but you know, I mean, that was kind of how we felt when we get in these cars with
like, for example, sad middle-aged white men.
Cause that's pretty much who likes to pick you up.
Yeah.
And they just want to tell you everything about their lives.
Secrets.
Fucking.
They just want to tell you all the cool shit they did.
It's like, they want to feel cool for a minute.
I always thought that was kind of cute.
It's like the non-religious confession booth.
Boom.
Yeah.
We know secrets.
We carry around weird secrets.
So I thought it'd be fun to tell, let's see, a couple stories, but what do you, do you
have one you'd like to start with?
Do you want to talk about like JB or anything or?
Yeah.
So, yeah.
I mean, there's, we wanted to go hitchhiking for all the reasons that Chelsea described.
Another big one is that there was this elusive feeling we had read about in college when you're
in your twenties and you're replicating or trying to replicate the sixties and the seventies and
all of that.
But there's this elusive feeling you hear about called freedom and this way to exist outside
of a box.
And I wanted to see if that's an actual feeling or if people were just like, just talking nonsense.
But it is a real feeling and you definitely can feel it.
And it's absolutely crazy.
But, uh, yeah.
So JB was John Baptiste, John Baptiste.
You have to fill in the blanks, but we met him.
We were trying to get to, were we just trying to get to Utah?
No, we were going, we were going West.
We were going, we were going, cause we went to, he took us to Reno, didn't he?
No, he took us to Moab.
He's the one that took us to Moab.
But we went to Reno.
But then he re picked us up again.
Yeah.
He picked us up again after kayaking a river.
He just like dropped us off.
And we were in Moab and, uh, met a ton of kids.
Then that's a whole other story of getting drunk and watching Jurassic Park in a hostel
with someone who owned a giant lizard.
And then the lizard bit someone.
I don't know.
One thing is John Baptiste.
He, well, he owned his family owned like an Italian family restaurant in Nevada.
But he also owned a farm.
And he picked us up in his truck.
And he played us country music.
And we all really.
Big and rich.
Big and rich.
And we all really got along.
And I can't remember.
I think we were coming out of Colorado.
Which means we were coming out of a part of the hitchhiking trip.
We crossed Nevada with him.
We crossed Nevada with him.
Yeah.
And that was an incredible experience.
I had never spent time in Nevada.
But he took us to hot springs that he had heard about 30 years before by the water god.
The water god is the guy that provides water for the big hippie festivals such as Burning Man and the Rainbow Gathering one.
That's another story for any other time.
But his friend and that guy called himself the water god.
Like he brought water to the desert or whatever.
But he told JB where these hot springs were all over the country.
And the first one JB took us to where it's raining and he takes us down this desert road.
I mean we're.
So we're crossing.
I think it's Highway 80.
The loneliest highway in America.
And there's no one around.
Yeah.
It's like desert, desert, desert.
Like.
Yeah.
There's nothing.
Nothing.
It's one of the most beautiful roads you see because it's flat.
And there's a time we're driving on this road for hours.
And all you see is a desert and then the mountain ridges in front of you.
But the road doesn't even curve.
No.
It's wild.
And on that road this guy was crossing the loneliest highway with a huge wooden cross on his back.
And he was pulling it.
And we saw him going one way.
And we saw him days later when we were going the other direction.
He was still walking.
And it was actually when.
So JB had me drive.
Yep.
For a while.
For a while.
Which was so funny because this truck was huge.
And I'm like an okay driver.
He made you pass someone.
Oh yeah.
He was like telling me to pass people.
And that's really scary for me.
And then eventually he was like okay you're not driving anymore.
But I was driving when it happened.
And yeah.
It was like a dude with a full sized Jesus cross.
And he's pulling his only stuff.
And I mean we're like at least 80 miles from.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're at least 80 miles from.
Even like a gas station I'd say.
And he's pulling a little red wagon behind him.
So JB took us to this hot spring.
And we went on this windy like old dirt road.
And it was raining.
And there was like this old fence.
And we get there.
And he's like okay.
We're here.
And we're like all right.
Well we'll put our bathing suits on.
And we run.
And I just remember this dirt road.
And like dust is kind of kicking out.
But it's so pretty wet.
And then suddenly in the middle of a flat just huge dirt field is a hot spring that is bright deep turquoise.
It looks like there's lights from the bottom because it's raining and it's dark and it's gray.
And it's glowing bright.
Bright blue.
And it's a perfect circle.
So it's probably like I don't know like what like 10 feet across.
Maybe more than that.
But it has no bottom.
Remember that?
Bottomless.
Yeah.
They hadn't found.
I mean yeah.
We don't know.
We don't know.
We don't know.
Maybe there's bottom.
But like according to JB he was like they don't know where the bottom of this is.
And yeah it was just this like kind of terrifying abyss.
Yeah.
So just imagine this like pool in the middle of the desert.
It was so hot.
With no marking.
And it just like you came upon it.
And it was so good.
And we're just there with this like man named John Baptiste.
And there was this thin rope in the middle that you would have to hold on to if you wanted to get from one side to the other.
Because being in such like limitless anti-depth almost is the strangest feeling for your body.
And then he took us to another one that was this circle.
It was more constructed.
It's like this aluminum bathtub like a horse trowel almost.
And there was a big old piece of wood on that.
God I forgot this part.
And people etched into the wood where they were going.
And there was this person from Washington who had started a bike trip in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Was biking back to Bellingham, Washington.
And they had stopped at that same spot.
Was it someone we knew?
I don't think it was.
It just like was written.
Yeah.
Probably someone we at least knew tangentially.
And then he took us, he bought us dinner at a really old casino.
And was it Carson City?
Not Reno?
Maybe it was Carson City.
I think it might have been Carson City.
I think it was Reno.
Coming, traveling when you don't know what you're doing or where you're going can be very jarring.
Because we were just camping along like in that day, right?
We're camping along a Utah, like a small Utah river in like red dirt.
And then we're getting picked up and then we're in a giant truck.
And I'm fucking driving.
And I'm terrified.
And we're seeing a man carrying a cross like his entire life is this Jesus mission to emulate it.
And then, you know, we get in this hot tub with this man that we love.
A hot spring.
A hot spring.
You're right, you're right, you're right, you're right.
He was wonderful.
And then we're driving a little more and then we are in like a casino buffet.
Yeah.
And it's just bright and tacky and wonderful and terrible.
And like, you know, there's just like, it's like a tropical tiki theme in the restaurant.
Let's look really quickly.
Pause.
We're going to look at this nice little, somebody's made like a seaside monument.
It's very nice.
It's got some racing, plastic racing cars.
Well, they used to have a whole thing on the side of the road down there.
But, uh, yeah, it's full of like really popular sea glass.
And what do we got?
Like a X-Men toys.
Little frog.
So it looks like everybody's just leaving little, uh, trinkets.
That's very sweet.
There's all kinds of different goofy little community shrine.
To what?
I don't know.
Perhaps America.
But anyway, something about traveling when you're getting picked up is, is like, so John
or JB picks this up.
He's like immediately puts his wife on speakerphone.
Right.
That was awkward.
And I don't know.
I cannot tell you how many men put their wives on speakerphone.
And then they're like, Hey, I just picked up a couple of hitchhikers, a couple of girls.
Say hi, girls.
And, you know, the wives are like, Hmm, I don't love that.
Completely strange.
This is not okay.
Please don't bring them home.
Um, and he did, but he let us sleep out in his, uh, one of the RVs he had.
And like a horse, like an RV in his horse field.
It's a horse field.
What do they call it?
A farm?
Horse field, horse field.
And then he took us to the Nevada border.
The thing about Nevada is you can't hitch in a state with such distance between cities.
It's just not safe because you might not get picked up and, or you might get dropped off
somewhere.
Like, right.
So he took us the next day to the border of California, Nevada, so that it was really easy
to get, uh, our next ride to the coast.
Hey guys.
Mm.
Mm.
Um, but a big part of these types of experiences that you can sort of parallel with, well, walking
in general or nature is that you have these experiences that you don't own.
Um, there's, there's a huge part of the trip.
You, you see that you, you meet this person you have a deep connection with that you, you
carry for the rest of your life and all of it, you can't take any of it away except for
what it's taught you and how it feels.
So it sort of teaches you just the antithesis of what you grow up in, in this country, in
this culture.
It's like a letting go.
It's like a letting go.
It's like a major letting go.
It's a constant.
Every day you let go and every day you unlearn and you undo.
Well, at the same time, every day you find yourself learning how to like love bigger than
you ever have before.
And walks, I don't know, walks kind of are similar.
There's so many things that you see and you can't take any of it with you except for the
deep feeling that it gives you.
We've never spoken to Jean Baptiste since.
No, we don't know how we wouldn't.
We would never know how to get in touch with him.
But we also had this really lovely experience once hitchhiking with, where were we when
we got picked up by Balloon Man?
I have no idea.
You were outside of Napa because you had just found out we wanted to go see Chelsea's grandmother
at a home.
Yeah, my like step grandma I wasn't super close to was my my stepdad's adopted grandmother.
But he was, you know, very close to her and I had known her growing up but not super well.
But yeah, she was sort of like stuck out in this.
She was just she was basically dying.
Yeah, she was dying.
And we were like right there.
So I was like, it was just yeah, I'm gonna go see this woman and it was I mean, that's
a whole nother story.
But we went I went in there.
She couldn't speak or anything.
But anyway, in the parking lot.
Yeah, Josephine just let me go in and but on a happier note, we got out of there and got
picked up probably immediately right?
Picked up by this older man.
Pretty old, like pretty old, like safe old like yeah, 70s.
Safe old.
And we told him what we were doing.
And he he was like, Oh, well, I can give you a ride from point A to point B.
If you're looking to get closer to like the other side of Napa essentially.
And we said, Yeah, that'd be great.
And he said, Cool.
Well, do you care like how you get there?
And we're like, we're not sure what you're talking about.
And he goes, Well, I can fly you there.
And we're like, Yeah, absolutely.
Definitely 100%.
Let's do it right now.
Yeah, we were like, whatever.
You know, because here's the thing.
There's a rainbow suspended man.
Yeah, you know, and and he told us his entire life his job was selling balloons.
No, he was the inventor of the helium balloon.
No, he wasn't.
That's what I remember.
No, that's nuts.
He invented the helium balloon.
He did not invent.
No.
How could he own a plane if you just blew balloons at a carnival?
Well, I don't know.
I mean, maybe he saved up.
Maybe.
Maybe we met his wife.
I feel like the helium.
Well, I don't know.
Let's look it up.
We're actually standing on a little dock right now where some people are fishing in the ocean.
Yeah, they fish there.
Yeah, we've got a man smoking a cigarette just stuck in his mouth with like a big furry hat on.
And I'm really into that.
But anyway, yeah, he picked us up and drove us and we got on his very rickety, very rickety, small airplane.
The kind you see in the fucking that's a part of my French, the Hollywood films, you know, you push the French.
You push the front part for it to start spinning.
Yeah.
You have to spin the front.
Everyone wears.
Propeller yourself.
Yeah, that thing.
And headphones and we're just sitting in it.
And he took us, he flew us all around Napa.
So you're looking down at the vineyards and the pools and the mountains and you're much lower than a normal airplane.
And it was insane.
It was, we had our bags.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, that was incredible.
We hitchhiked onto an airplane and I think that there, that'll always be one of my like two truths and a lie.
Oh, his wife also gave us cookies.
He had to like drop by his house.
Yeah, we met his wife and she was super friendly about it.
And I was in the back.
So you might've been talking.
I was just staring outside, just staring at what we were looking at.
And you just have these experiences that like, you're, you're, it's like being a Phoenix every day.
You get blown up into flames and then you're reborn and then you grow up and then you catch into flames and you're reborn.
And it's just like, it's the strangest thing because it's like condensed timelines without any actual structure of time, which is the strangest feeling.
Oh my God.
An ugly, stupid Porsche just drove by and like decided to go fast at us.
Yeah.
Um, I mean that's, and those are like just two of, I mean, this is a daily experience.
Like these are just like, these are a couple highlights, but a lot of the time you just have a lot of fun just on the side of the road talking just nonsense to the person you're with.
We got to the point where like, you become like a feral person.
You really do.
You know, you're building fires and camping, not necessarily at campgrounds, sometimes at campgrounds, but if you're like out in the middle of nowhere, you have this like caveman thing that kicks in, you know, and you're just like in your underwear, like screaming.
Because you've made fire.
You know, we were just screaming like, Oh, I made fire, you know, and you just get to like this really ridiculous, like deep part of yourself.
And it's funny, you'll drive by or walk by in your life, an environment that a, like almost like a parallel universe exists in.
These memories and experiences were being participated and created in very normal environments.
So it's like we're walking at all times.
You're like the Peter Pan shadow.
It's just a parallel universe right there where everything can be undone at any moment and then rebuild back up.
I've spent a lifetime trying to explain it in many, many different ways.
I feel like the feeling of that.
It's like very manic in a lot of ways.
And I don't know, I've just never felt the same like freedom.
That's the word, right?
Yeah.
And that's a really weird and loaded word.
But freedom being just, but you know, being yourself fully in a way or like not having and I mean there is not true.
I mean, you know, Josephine had to deal with me having really bad anxiety every morning.
So she was like doing somatics with me and like making me think about my body as like a harbor.
And I'm just like weeping and weeping because that's the other part of traveling is who you're traveling with.
Yeah.
And the closeness, the bond you share with someone that you're hitchhiking with, traveling with, road tripping with.
It's like, it's not, there's nothing like it.
There's no, there's no way to better get to know a true person in their entirety because you know, we've yelled at each other.
It's just your stuff comes up.
We've screamed at each other.
Yeah, your stuff, your stuff comes up.
It'll come up no matter what.
And you can't hide it.
You can't hide it for that long.
Yeah.
We drank a lot of gin.
We hit a little bit with our gin, but.
Well, thank you for talking to me.
Oh, thank you.
Dear, dear, dear friend, Josephine.
The last part of this episode is going to be a listener submitted story.
So I'm going to go ahead and play that for you.
And thank you so much for listening.
Until next time.
Thank you for walking with me.
That's awesome.
It's cute, right?
Hey, Chelsea, this is Will.
And I listened to your episode about walking around and thinking about life and stuff.
And it was just something that totally resonated with me in such a way.
So I wanted to share this little story from my life with you.
I went to a junior college here in Mississippi to major in music theory, and my friend and I got out of class at three every day.
So that gave us about two hours before band started.
The town where the college is has this incredibly old cemetery, of course, filled with the usual stories of witches and graves of murdered children that most likely died of tuberculosis.
And despite these stories, walking through the cemetery was very peaceful.
Once we started walking and the joint was lit, life suddenly became like an open world video game.
And that's the only way I can describe a good walk like that.
The world holds endless possibilities and the hundred year old graves around you are no longer just stones, but reminders of the preciousness of humanity.
Who were these people in the mausoleum?
Why did all these children get buried in a straight row like that?
That's super creepy.
What's with this random iron gate that looks like it got melted by the fucking sun?
But I do believe that indescribable connection only shows itself to the walkers, at least in this you are the world and the world is you kind of way that you described in the episode.
An old man would cross our paths from time to time.
And of course, that freaked us out the first couple of times because we were a little paranoid.
But eventually he was very nice and we got a little chatty.
Sometimes he was walking his dog and other times he was using a golf cart and he let the dog do the walking.
But either way, we got comfortable enough that we gently floated some of our curiosities about the cemetery.
And to our surprise, he gave us actual information instead of a ghost story.
Some of the graves had been clearly robbed, including the mausoleum.
But of course, any story we usually heard was about devil worshippers stealing dead babies or something like that.
And after talking to the man, the story just became as simple as surrounding mill towns drying up and not bringing in jobs or money.
Some folks got desperate and wanted to sell the rich dead people's jewelry.
It's a really sad reminder of the world as a bigger picture.
But from the interconnected and convoluted problems that lead up to someone robbing a grave all the way to two stolen music majors questioning a stranger about that said grave.
To me, it seems like the world finds ways to connect the good things together, too.
And listening to your episode brought that back into my mind and made me realize that.
And that makes me really happy.
And all because of a walk.
So thank you, Chelsea.
