I would like to step out of my heart and go walking beneath the enormous sky, poet Rainer Maria Rilke wrote in 1918, probably consumed with a similar human anxiety to the one that we each bear every weird-ass day of our lives.
This is the first episode of our new bi-weekly patrons-only podcast where you'll come on a walk with me, either literally or figuratively from wherever you happen to be.
Walks facilitate, by nature of our very biology, more creative ways of thinking about the world.
They are a liminal place where small things happen that can feel big, things that can change you, especially right now, when walks are one of the only things we know are safe to do.
But fair warning, this new show is very different from American Hysteria, and you'll have to be willing to roll with me out of history and logic and into that dreaded, meditative, contemplative territory of ethereal questions and embodied experiences, and perhaps, worst of all, the joy at the miracle of being alive.
Think of it as a mix between an audio diary and guided meditations for people who hate guided meditations.
I hope you might be willing to share your own thoughts eventually, too, so that we can turn this into a kind of collaboration.
So if you like what you hear, please head to our Patreon and join the community.
Hi, I'm Chelsea Weber-Smith, and I hope today you'll come along and walk with me.
Hi, everybody.
Thank you for joining me on this first of what I hope will be many walks together.
Right now, I'm walking through a little park that I walk through every day to go on my same walking route.
And I do this before I start work, and even on the weekends, I get up early, and I come and I walk along the same route.
And I walk through this park, and the yellow leaves right now are so bright and, like, so heartbreaking that it reminds me of so many falls before sitting, like, heartbroken on other walks, right?
Like, in high school, walking was—and maybe a lot of you got this—like, walking was sort of a sacred place.
It was one of the only places that so many of us could go to feel ourselves, right?
And to feel who we want to become without these very intense interruptions to that, whatever they may be.
So I'm reminded of just the confusion and just the, like, deep ache of being young and being so hopeful and so completely hopeless.
And so that's what I'm thinking about today.
And I think—I think I still feel that way quite a bit, and I'm sure you do, too.
But right now, we're showing up to the first stop on my very special walk that I like to take every day.
And it's a tiny little pond.
It's just a little guy.
It's just a little goofy pond that's always filled with a bunch of ducks, including just this, like, very weird duck that—like, well, not a singular duck, but a type of duck—
that has, like, a really funny-looking puffy white head and, like, a weird little searing eyeball.
And then there's, you know, they just, like, chill together.
They're always cutting in and out of one another in their little pods.
Not very COVID safe.
But I like to just look at the light on the water.
You know, the sky on the water.
We are surrounded by impossible miracles.
And I don't know.
It's something that I'm really glad that I've spent my life knowing is valuable.
And knowing that regardless of just the fucking horror of being a person and of knowing that other people are suffering and knowing these crushing things that we know as modern humans,
you know, it's so easy to not be—to be disconnected from the fact that if you stop and look around and you're, like, firmly in reality and you're firmly in the moment, then you're, like—you can look around.
I mean, and it's very, like, Eckhart Tolle New Age stuff, but there's a lot of value, right?
And, you know, you stand there, you look around, and you're, like, wow.
Like, just seeing color, you know, just seeing, you know, especially if you're lucky enough to have sight.
If you're lucky enough to—that's the other part.
If you're lucky enough to be able to walk with me, you know, if you have that privilege of movement, you know?
Because so many people—so many people don't have that privilege for so many different reasons.
And so I think this is accessible to all, though, this being present in the world and experience it, experiencing it, and sitting in it,
and just saying, like, oh my god, like, the ivy on this tree is, like, so haunting.
And it's taken millions of years for us to be presented with what we're presented with now.
And it's just—it's—I could talk about it forever, but I think, you know, I've spent—I've really spent my life as a seeker.
And I think, you know, that's a for better or for worse, for sure.
And, man, walking has been probably the most important part of that process.
As I've talked about on the show, I was a hitchhiker for many years, many summer months, I should say.
That was a pure and utter attempt to find some kind of inalienable—inalienable truths.
I don't know what they are, but, you know, you hope you find something on the road.
That's where you go.
The road is—I don't know.
The road is nothing but a walk that goes a lot faster.
You get a lot farther.
But, you know, it's—it's that type of liminal time that you can set aside to look for the truth, which is always subjective.
There's never going to be anything as a completely solid truth.
I don't think science thinks so, but not I.
I think the mystery is what keeps us alive.
Thank you for immediately just diving in the deep end here with me as I trail off, likely, again and again.
But that's what the walk is, right, baby?
It's a chance to go places in your mind just as much as with your body.
And, man, it's just—the world is just so beautiful and so heartbreaking.
I mean, like, right now, y'all, like, hear this.
I'm, like, looking at this tiny little house on this pond.
Like, somebody built this little house, painted it blue.
I mean, it's, like, dilapidated with green moss growing on the side of it.
But, like, somebody made this little house, put it on a pond, and the door's in the front.
I can't see it, but it's facing the pond.
I don't know why someone would do this.
Is it a doghouse?
Does the dog swim up from the water and climb into the house?
Is it just a little sitting house?
Maybe it's a meditation hut.
But I will never know the answer to these questions, and it is this great mystery that propels us forward again and again.
So we are now going to pass through an apartment complex that we have to pass through.
So we're going to be quiet, respectful.
And, you know, I think back on the seeking tip, little walks, man.
I don't know what you're looking for, and that's the whole point.
And I think this really wonderful little, we're going to inject a tiny bit of science now into our metaphysical time together.
But walking has been shown in, like, a lot of scientific slash psychological whatever tests that it actually kind of, it sends more blood into your organs, which includes your brain.
And so you can make different kinds of connections.
You know, your brain is working at a different rate.
And the interesting part about it, too, is that you, your brain then can't make sort of the type of logical connections that it would make otherwise.
It does really well coming up with similes and metaphors.
Like, the test would be the guy being, like, come up with an alternative metaphor to something like an opening cocoon, right?
And then someone would come up with a hatching egg.
And that would be, you know, that's a sign of more creative, expansive thinking.
Whereas they would try to have somebody make, like, a common word between three different words that sort of ordered them in some way.
I don't remember.
Sorry.
But they didn't, they couldn't do that as well.
So it's, like, after walking.
Right.
So walking really does, like, put you in, in this different type of mindset where you make connections you wouldn't otherwise.
But you, you kind of leave your, your logical self behind.
And so let me update y'all.
I went through this other hole in the fence because I had to go.
I don't know if I mentioned this.
But to get to that pond, you got to dip through this hole in a chain-like fence.
And then you're there and you got yourself, like, a little path to go around.
But then there's another hole in the fence, y'all.
I discovered this.
I'm sorry.
I breathe hard.
I'm really working on it.
I walk too fast.
That's part of the whole thing here.
But, because I'm walking uphill now, of course.
So, anyway, you duck through the one fence, pop around the pond once.
Then you go through another hole in the fence that I didn't know about until I discovered it recently.
And it was so exciting to find this other hole in the fence.
And I'm passing a guy with two dogs right now.
One little waddle-y person and one little black dog.
So, I'm going to talk quiet because, I don't know, I feel hella weird talking into my little microphone like a little asshole.
But turning around here up on the hill, God, it is.
I couldn't have asked for a better day to record this first episode.
It's so bright blue.
And I should have brought my sunglasses, baby.
I'm unzipping the old coat here.
It's a real golden, real blue.
My two favorite colors.
It's lovely.
So, anyway.
Whew.
Popping up this hill.
You got to go through a little neighborhood.
Got a beautiful house right here with some powder blue, baby blue accents, like trim.
It's really nice.
I think that's always, my grandparents' house was like a powder blue.
You don't see that a lot.
So nice.
Anyway, I'm sorry I'm breathing hard.
Maybe you're on a walk right now.
I hope you are.
I wonder what you're seeing.
One day, soon, I'm going to want to know.
This is going to be an interactive podcast.
So, I'm going to want to know what you're doing on your walks.
What you're thinking about.
And what else you think is valuable about walking.
Because there's so much.
Passing a little moss-covered city barn, you know.
And an old, dilapidated basketball hoop.
You know the kind.
That reminds you of something intangible about youth, right?
You know.
Something painful.
Oh my god, you guys.
I've only been to this other pond one time.
So, like.
Pray for me right now.
Okay, I think I just keep going up this street.
So, y'all know those.
I don't know.
This might be a Pacific Northwest plant.
So, just listen.
So, there are these like puffy, puffy-ass plants.
That grow kind of like, kind of like reeds out of just the bushes.
Not out of water.
But kind of that shape.
But their poof is like, kind of like a dog's tail.
Like a Border Collie's tail.
A little bigger.
This is the poetry degree I have really paying off right now.
But anyway, when we were kids, you'd pick them at the base.
And then they'd kind of look like an arrow or a javelin.
And then we'd light the back of it on fire.
And it would be like.
And then you'd throw it like a javelin flaming through the sky.
We did that on a number of high school.
Stone high school walks.
God.
The walk.
The young person walk.
I don't know.
I don't know if I'm alone in that.
But even if it was freezing outside, it was just a place to go to be alone, baby.
I don't know.
I really think being alone is such a gift.
It's such a wonderful, wonderful thing.
And I don't mean alone in the big picture sense.
Relationship wise, I just mean.
I think there's a rooster in the city.
See?
Miracle.
I don't.
I just mean alone in the moments that you take to do that purposefully.
Oh, here we go.
We've got a rackety.
Rackety is the new word.
A rackety old chain link fence here.
We're going downhill now.
Which is great.
We've got...
We're going to have to remember how to...
I think there's like a little secret place.
We'll see.
Oh, ooh.
I know.
Yeah, we got to go past this really cool place I forgot about.
You know, this is what gives me life.
This is what gets me excited now.
And that's the other thing, right?
This is like...
I saw some tweet that was so perfect about...
Like...
Somebody saying...
This was canon the first couple months of COVID.
So put yourself back in that very different mindset.
And it just said like...
I guess it's time to take another stupid fucking little walk.
And it kind of warmed my heart.
Because I was like...
Okay, people who think walks are stupid...
Are like going out and taking them.
And I think that's really nice.
And I understand why...
Walks feel pointless to certain people.
Because not for everybody.
You know?
Not everybody wants to do...
Shit like this.
Oh my god, you guys.
I talked about reeds.
You know what I'm seeing right now?
Cattails.
Did I manifest it?
Probably not.
Wow.
Love those, man.
I used to hang on to those when I was a kid.
My pops would take me down to the...
Down to the pond to catch salamanders.
Because that's...
That's a snapshot.
We would, you know, pick reeds and bring them back.
And it would be like...
I love this reed.
I love this reed.
I'm going to hold this reed in my arms for the rest of my life.
But then it gets all...
You know?
It kind of blooms.
And then it gets real messy with white fluff.
Anyway, so now I'm walking through this side area that you have to kind of...
I don't know.
It doesn't look like you're supposed to go.
But we're walking by and there's just like this long, very bright, vibrant...
You know, about up to my abdomen.
Like the wall of all different kinds of graffiti.
And it's really, really cool.
And then above it are like some nice fences that people have built.
Like from the other side.
Where their lawn beats it.
So it's kind of like this weird little badass secret.
You know?
It's like the wall that's going on a smoking weed walk.
While the rest of the perfect family sits at their dinner table.
Ruing the day they ever had such a goth baby.
I don't know.
This is kind of expansive thinking you have on a walk like this.
So...
Alright, we're at the pond now.
It's different than the other pond.
And I think it's because of the angle.
So this pond is like totally brown.
With all of the surrounding foliage.
Because we've lost most of our leaves here.
Man.
Somebody cut an old tree into a really nice path.
And I think that they did that without anybody telling them to do it.
Like a forest service.
Oh man.
Oof.
We can go down to the water's edge.
There's like a little chair.
That somebody.
Like a camping chair.
That somebody set up here and covered with a tarp.
So I think maybe people go there.
Or maybe one person does.
Man.
Oh there's one of those funny ducks.
Alright.
Wherever you are we're going to have a quiet.
We're going to have a quiet moment.
So even if you're in your house.
Just have a quiet moment.
Don't think about anything if you can.
Just let all your thoughts go.
And just chill for one second.
And remember.
That you're still.
Like a miracle.
No.
That's horrible.
You're still.
It's still insane.
Insane.
That we're alive.
Let's just feel being alive.
hinge.
Yeah.
Good.
Thank you.
thank you for doing that i don't know i looked over and i didn't even notice that there was
like a whole little duck crew like in a little tiny pond inlet and maybe they live there and
one of them is that garbage hold on no that's garbage oh my god america i was like oh my
that that duck has such beautiful blue foliage but you know what it was pepsican anyway
but anyway you know once you're having like a special moment like that
if there is any sentience to the universe they're gonna like make fun of you right after
i do believe i don't know i don't believe in anything really necessarily agnostic but uh
i do think a lot of times when i'm having certain moments especially if i'm walking down the street
like my cocky ass being like in some dope outfit and i'm like oh yeah like i fucking
look sick and then i'll you know trip on a curb and be brought back down to the reality of my
true self oh god there's another person coming i'm gonna hide i'm gonna hide up on this trail
they're probably gonna come this way right probably just looks like i'm on the phone why do i care
see my ego is getting in the way my true self which is talking to you on this walk anyway i'm hiding in
the bushes she's coming she's got a very cute white dog that kind of looks like chance from homeward bound
voiced by uh who i just was looking up the voices and and it's voiced by uh
matthew broderick who i really do not like but um i like him as simba it's funny that chance and
borrow the same voice whoo it's the kind of uh kind of connections you can make out on a walk
mindfully talking about homeward bound
all right now here yo she's gone okay she's gone so like this fucking bridge right now it's like a
little bridge a little bridge it's like hidden and you walk across it it's actually not a little
bridge to be fair it's like a constructed nice bridge that was probably built like 10 years ago
and uh goes right over this wetland um which is part of the pond but it starts to kind of
look more like a marsh and you know my dad he was a politician for a long time i've talked about my dad
a lot on the show my biological dad uh and uh he was a politician when i was a kid and one of the
things that he did was work on saving the wetlands so i have kind of a special so we were in the wetlands
sometimes and uh you know he's a pictures in the local paper of him standing in the wetlands and
taking the fuck on like the building industry in lacey washington just like they hated him because he was
just a pretty radical environmentalist so i think that's part of it you know i mean talking about
the origins of my walks it was definitely my weekend time with with my dad um he would take me
down to these nature trails called mclean nature trails so if you're living at all in the south of
seattle maybe you know that would be really cool um but he would take me out there you know and it
would just be a walk that's what it was we catch snakes salamanders as mentioned um
and just talk you know and those talks really imbued me with the foundations of
who i am and what i think and what i've thought and uh you know it's very new age thinking it's it was a
good foundation in a lot of ways but i don't know now i'm walking through like a community garden
area just following a path and uh sorry if you hear cars there's a street i can't stop the cars i can't
do it but i'm walking through a community garden everything's dead but in a good way because this is
gonna be winter we gotta buckle down baby even harder than before man winter's hitting me i'm depressed
about the pandemic are you oh man this is such a weird park that i didn't know was here
i don't know it's just uh it's weird when you stumble upon something that's very established like
this isn't some this isn't some uh secret park with one old ass swing it's like a nice park with
like art in it you know it's like a mile from my house and i didn't know it oh by the way i am in
west seattle so that's where we're walking i'm not gonna tell you exactly where because who knows
who knows i don't know you but it's very kind of you to be a patron
wow the sun's coming up a lot a lot higher in the sky now and it's getting to be time to turn back
which i'm gonna do now
i wonder if you're walking with me i wonder if you're out there and i wonder if you're thinking
about your past walks and maybe what revelations you've had you know i mean when i'm going through
something fucked up i'm out the door man and i will walk for five hours and i will walk fast and i will
walk furiously and i will be talking to myself and i probably look like a total nutter butter but like
i don't know it's it's so good for everything you know your body's moving like i wake up in the
morning and i've always had a lot of anxiety problems that are usually worse in the morning
so it's like just getting out there and walking it off just like walk off all your fears and this is
what i kind of want to want to end with for for this first episode there'll be plenty more but
another sort of meditative thing that i like to do that i kind of came up with uh so don't try to
say you came up with it because it's my meditation method the spirit of the spirit of the buddha that
is mine anyway um something i like to do that i think is so important and i hope it doesn't sound
whatever i don't care um so if you can if you're walking try to do it with me and you don't have
to be walking oh my god you could be walking in your living room from your bed you know because
a lot of people write about writing as walking right you're walking through yourself you're
walking through a world you're creating this walk isn't isn't just for people who are out walking
with me it's for anybody who wants to come along you know i don't know but anyway
this is something that i hope might
just help even realign yourself with your political beliefs or with your activism or whatever
whatever whatever you do your work it doesn't have to be anything but in particular but it's the
thing that that snakes you um the fears that you have about the world but most especially about
yourself right like the things you're afraid aren't true the fears you have of not being enough
the fears you have of being a bad person um not not fulfilling particular roles you know failing in
your relationships so we're gonna just let that go for a second so the first thing you're gonna do
sounds kind of gross but it's not just kidding i'm a horror movie fan but all right we have to get
into our serious position now so the first thing i do is i think of myself as having something vital and essential um and truthful whatever that means um as my my core self um your true self you know if you're into
hekart tolle um or anything like that uh that's covered up with all your layers of your ego um
which i think is a really important thing your ego but we'll talk more about that um but the first thing i really like to do is
you're gonna think about yourself as a political being first and not to say that oh i'm gonna ask you to just come along with me without your critical thinking hat on
because this is something we do momentarily so that we can do the work we need to do in a bigger picture way because we have to take care of ourselves right we have to know who we are
so anyway enough interruptions enough caveats isn't life just one big caveat these days feels like it which is good nuance it's good but not on the walk
so first we're gonna take care of ourselves which is good enough to take care of ourselves
which especially right now is is our political self is our and i don't mean your identity i mean the political beliefs that you express
the stress of arguing on the arguing on the internet the stress of your family members not understanding you
of you not understanding your family members of the terror of the last four years and before
doesn't start around here does it but i want you to just walk out just walk out of that layer of yourself
just watch it leave it behind like a cartoon you know like the cloud behind you when a cartoon runs away really fast
or you know if you like other you can zip it off like a like a skin like a reptile skin
it's not going great this meditation but walk out of it as rilke said
poet he said i would like to walk out of myself and be under an enormous sky that's not the quote but it's something like that so walk out of yourself walk out of
the stress of that identity as yourself is as political and being made of of what you think and believe so now that that's gone
wave goodbye to it in your head now you're going to do the same thing again with your next layer of self
and that's who you are to the people in your life that's who you think you have to be
that's the pressures of familial relationships romantic relationships friendships
we really think we need to be a particular way and a lot of times we do
and there's important things that go along with with making sure that you're respecting and being conscious
of the people in your life and and approaching them through love but sometimes we
sometimes we lose a big part of ourselves in that and and we just we don't have to so walk out of your
fear walk out of your fears of how other people perceive you especially your loved ones just keep getting
closer to the the part of you that just exists purely and without without judgment so the next layer we're
going to do is our pasts because we may exhume our pasts for who we are in our culture of
extreme introspection and psychotherapy which of course i believe in a lot to a degree
um we're going to walk out of the things we think we've done the things we have done the things we
regret the things we're sorry for we're going to walk out of our childhood pain the things that we think
make up make up who we are now because we get that message a lot that we are our pasts and we are we're the
culmination of everything that's happened to us but we're a lot more than that so i want you to just walk out of that
walk out of it leave it behind it's cartoon cloud
and then the last thing we're going to do
is we're going to walk out of the future
we're going to walk out of
our anxiety about what's going to happen
and this is a hard one and this isn't naive and this isn't anything there's a full acceptance of
where we're going and a dedication to fight for the kind of future that we want but right now
in this liminal time we're going to walk out of the future
we're going to look around us
and we're going to remember
that underneath
all of these things that we've taken off
is a person
who feels
deeply
and who can look around
and know
that we're in a miraculous
place
even
the city
if you're walking in the city
it's so
different
than walking out
in nature
whatever you want to call it like i am
but
if you look around
you know
look at the bricks
look at the sidewalk
look at the colors
of the
cars
it may not sound appealing but
this is what we have
and this is where we are
and
if we live
constantly
without accessing the part of ourself that
that kind of really can guide us
the part of ourself that's not
coming from
you know
coming from fear
i'm not going to say love
i don't know
you know
that's too easy
right
but
it's also true
isn't it
at the end of the day
cliches are cliches for a reason
but
this got really mushy
but i hope
i don't know
that meditation really helps me
um
i hope it helps you
there are many layers
those are just the ones that i thought of today
they're usually pretty similar
but
there's a lot of them
there's a lot of layers
and we each have
our own
so
you can
just walk out of them
you can leave them behind
you can pick them back up again
you'll pick them back up again
like your shadow
they follow you around
but
you can also ignore them
for
a short time
genuinely
purposefully
not
that's the difference right
you take
an intentional moment
to do
something
and it fuels
the rest of your life
where you need to be working
for others
and for
new structures
and new
ideas
and a really different
kind of future
hopefully
than we're living in now
but we'll see
we'll see
but it's gonna take
it's gonna take heart
so
thank you
for walking with me today
and i hope that
i hope that you
felt
something positive
i guess that's all
that
i can hope for right now
but um
walking back by
the graffiti wall
there's a discarded
suitcase
hard shell
i don't know
there's a seafoam greenhouse
and the siding's peeling off
i don't know
all right well
thanks again
you know
thank you so much for listening
if you enjoyed this uh
this show
we're gonna be doing it
over on patreon
and
and we're gonna be
inviting
we're gonna be inviting
all types of things
i don't know what
but
you know
people who are patrons
maybe sharing their stories
maybe
going on walks
with my friends
from far away
um
i don't know
we'll see
but i want it to be
interactive
i want to know
what you're doing
and i really hope
that
you know
if you do want to
support our show
if you're able
um
come on over to our
patreon
and
and we'll be doing
walk with me's
pretty frequently
um
so
all right
well
i hope that
your heart's
feeling okay today
at least a little bit
and uh
this means a lot to me
so thank you
if you enjoyed this episode
and would like to hear a new one
every couple of weeks
along with other bonus content
early episodes
and ad-free episodes
then head over to our patreon
and support our show
and join our community
you can find the link
in our show notes
the music for walk with me
is by
miranda zickler
and i'm your host
chelsea weber smith
an
chelsea An
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
chelsea
