This is my rifle! There are many like it, but this one is mine!
My rifle is my best weapon! It is my life!
Get back in your bones!
What is this Mickey Mouse shit?
What in the name of Jesus Christ are you animals doing in my head?
Why is Private Pyle out of his pocket or lights out?
Why is Private Pyle holding that weapon?
Why aren't you stomping Private Pyle's guts out?
Sir, it is the private studio to inform the senior drill instructor that Private Pyle has a full magazine.
It is locked and loaded, sir!
You will place that rifle on the deck at your feet and step back away from it.
What is your major malfunction, nub-nuts?
Didn't Mommy and Daddy show you enough attention when you were a child?
So, episode three, part three of our seven-part series about the last seven Kubrick movies,
and part three of our look at the first four movies in this series specifically about America.
Today, obviously, we're doing 1987's Full Metal Jacket.
And today, right now, we've got to ask an important question.
What if a podcast just got straight to it?
So, let's try.
Full Metal Jacket is Kubrick's movie about the American military during the Vietnam War era.
And it's specifically a movie about America brainwashing generations of child soldiers into righteous American bloodlust.
Turning them, of course, into jolly green giants walking the earth with guns.
As we talked about, obviously, this clearly fits into this picture of America we're painting here in this series,
and the picture that Kubrick is painting, especially over these last seven films, and the four specifically American ones.
And once again, if you haven't heard episode one or two about The Shining or Dr. Strangelove,
I'd suggest you go back and do that.
We're going to be covering some of the same ground.
But more or less, the overarching thesis of this series is that Kubrick, in especially these last seven movies,
is presenting an alternate history that seeks to be honest and truthful about mankind being defined by violence,
that the overarching arc of violence is where mankind is born and where mankind will end.
And that is our defining characteristic in any attempt, as he said, to create social institutions.
Without that understanding, he's probably doomed to failure.
And then that specifically, as we've talked about, America is the Fourth Reich.
America represents this dark star apotheosis of mankind's violence.
So if we're talking about American violence, what better movie to talk about than Full Metal Jacket?
And of course, this idea we're working with of violence and the arc of violence defining man,
and America extending that arc of violence into the Fourth Reich, the reign of fascism within liberalism,
the reign of all the politics of violence continuing and going on, the empire never ending underneath the surface.
In this theory, you know, if America is the dark star apex of man's violence,
well, it needs a military to carry out that violence across the world.
And of course, Kubrick, he talks about himself once again in the Stanley Kubrick archives,
the excellent book edited by Alison Castle, which I'm drawing a ton from for this series.
I'll keep shouting it out.
You should go buy it if you're interested in this series.
Kubrick started out with this movie interested in a simple idea of just,
what does it take to turn an innocent kid into a killer?
And of course, the answer he clearly finds in Full Metal Jacket is America, the American project.
Of course, as we said, America brainwashing these kids into American bloodlust,
turning them into jolly green giants walking the earth with guns,
spreading hell on earth as they sing their favorite Mickey Mouse songs.
And of course, echoes back to what we talked about in episode one about the shining of fascist Mickey Mouse,
Nazi Mickey Mouse being a little meme that connects these two movies and paints this picture of the Fourth Reich that Kubrick uses.
And obviously, we'll get into all the specifics during the commentary.
But you can see within the context of the series I'm trying to do and within this understanding of his work
and this understanding of America, how clearly Full Metal Jacket plays into that.
And you can also see why, though it's one of his more straightforward movies and one of his more culturally memed movies and quoted movies,
it's also to some degree misunderstood.
I think people saw Kubrick doing a Vietnam movie and they assumed this is a Vietnam movie,
the way Coppola had his and the way Oliver Stone had his.
This is him taking on this effort.
And they expect a certain thing from a Vietnam movie.
They expected, by that point in 1987, a certain guilt and a certain condemnation of the American project
and a certain study of human suffering as portrayed through Vietnam.
And instead, what they got was this.
And it's a strange movie because in some ways it's not a war movie.
It opens with about like a 45-minute sequence of this company of recruits training,
doing marine training on Paris Island in America.
And then it cuts to, what, an hour and a half or so of them in Vietnam.
And it all culminates in clearly one child from America, Joker, killing another child from Vietnam
and answering the question that Kubrick asked, you know, what will happen?
Will this person turn into a killer?
Answering it with a resounding horrific yes.
But in some ways it's not a war movie.
And it doesn't show Vietnam as a war between two sides.
But it actually, in some ways more accurately, shows it as a search and destroy.
And of course, I'll change that to sweep and clear movie.
It's a movie about an occupying force in a country.
If you see, you know, all the battle scenes are between the American side encroaching
and the NVA or VC side retreating.
It's not the movie you expect of being in the trenches.
It's not Platoon, you know.
It is much more about an occupying, violent, kind of barbarous American force.
As we've talked about, the Dark Star.
The Dark Star of violence, both.
It spends the first half of the movie showing you this insane priest, gloriously played by Arlie Ermey.
Of course, and I don't need to talk about the whole story of him being cast.
Of course, he was a drill instructor and went on to become a movie star after this.
But he is this insane priest kind of initiating these youth into American bloodlust.
Initiating them into the cult of America and baptizing them in blood and brainwashing them.
Into being, you know, taking them from innocent kids into murderers.
And then the second half shows the results of that.
And as reflected, you know, through the eyes of Joker.
But you can see, you know, just from that summary, this is a very different war movie.
This is a war movie where the war almost doesn't take place.
And it's not Band of Brothers, which rocks.
Band of Brothers might be the best war movie.
I know it's not a movie, but Band of Brothers is awesome.
I'm not talking shit on Band of Brothers.
But it's not that.
It's not about the human cost of war.
It's about turning innocent kids into killers.
And then watching them wreak hell upon the earth.
And with this idea, people probably know this story.
Again, you probably know everything I'm saying.
I'm not very smart.
And I'm just talking about movies I like here.
But Kubrick originally wanted to cast all 18 to 21-year-old kids.
Young kids that would actually be, you know, the age of Vietnam draftees.
I guess he quickly realized in the casting process that their lack of experience would make that impossible.
That he needed trained actors to perform this material.
So he cast, you know, a bunch of 20 to 30-year-old young-looking actors in all the main, you know, speaking parts.
And mainly unknown or little-known actors, you know, Matthew Modine, Vincent D'Onofrio, Adam Baldwin, Dorian Harewood, etc.
He cast young-looking actors, but clearly was already working on the theme of child soldiers.
Clearly that was the idea behind it.
And you notice a bunch of the kids who didn't make the cut for the main roles are in the intro when they're all getting their heads shaved and are in the background of the barracks at Parris Island.
But he was clearly interested in, like we said, you know, what can turn an innocent child into a killer?
What can turn, what can make a child soldier?
What can make someone lose their innocence and become a killer in this world?
And the violence of youth.
And obviously there's a nice echo here.
We'll get into it way more in the Clockwork Orange episode.
But there's a nice echo with Clockwork Orange and a kind of reverberation here.
With that movie being about, you know, the shocking ultraviolence of a fascistic wayward youth.
And then compared to the kids in this movie.
And this movie is about kids brainwashed into the status quo of endless ultraviolence by America.
And again, trained to wreak out that hell on earth.
So there's obviously, you know, a parallel drawn there with the violence of youth.
And, you know, leads you to inevitably ask the question, who's better?
Or I guess, more accurately, who's worse?
You know, one is an openly fascist, murderous sociopath.
And one is an innocent kid who ends up becoming brainwashed into the American cult of bloodlust and spreading hell on earth.
But both end up being adopted and protected by the neoliberal state.
Both end up getting away with it and doing it under legal protection by the end of both movies.
So, you know, by looking at, through both of these movies, you know, youth baptized in violence.
But Kubrick's drawing, helping once again draw this picture of the arc of violence.
And drawing this picture of America as perfecting it and continuing it.
And establishing the new ground, the new frontier as only America can.
And, you know, we'll get to the end.
But spreading that with their fascist Mickey Mouse songs as they burn the world around them.
So, you know, in some ways, you could say Full Metal Jacket may be the most straightforward of his last seven movies.
In that the plot world, melody chords dynamic that we talked about in episode one.
The two stories Kubrick always tells, the one he shows and the one he tells.
And a lot of, in a lot of ways, they largely work in unison.
And the story he's kind of telling and showing are not in contrast to each other the way they are in movies like The Shining and Barry Lyndon.
And, of course, obviously the apex of that, as we'll talk about, Eyes Wide Shut.
But I wanted to, you know, take a moment here in discussing this parallel with Clockwork Orange that, you know, it's this theory of America as the dark star in the Fourth Reich.
We're kind of, you know, using those terms loosely to really mean the Western leadership of the neoliberal world.
And as Clockwork shows, that's not just confined to America whatsoever.
They may be the leaders and there may be a special violence to America.
But let's never forget Kubrick's one to see the big picture and saw this big picture.
You know, even back in Spartacus and Paths of Glory, he saw in Killers, the killing.
He saw this arc of violence and man's, the gravity rainbow of man's fate bending back towards it always.
But there is something special in his work about America.
There is a special violence, as I've said, you know, I keep saying.
It's this kind of height, this apex point of this arc of violence and we're perfecting it.
And by implementing violence in the politics of violence, fascism within liberalism, we're the ones getting away with it.
And we're the ones, of course, built on stolen land, built on the Shining's river of blood and built on the bones of a genocide the way other nations are not.
You know, this is not a natural nation that sprung up here.
It had to be accomplished and it could only be established through genocide.
So all that's to say, you know, with this understanding of America that Kubrick's already going into Full Metal Jacket with, he didn't have to do a lot of tweaking of the source material to help to find this picture.
You know, he didn't have to do a ton of searching to find America as a nation defined by blood, lust and conquest.
And you can almost view Full Metal Jacket, again, as a parallel to The Shining of how to train colonizing conquering forces.
As we talked about, you know, it's not a regular war movie.
We see guys sitting around desperate for action, desperate for blood, and then being unprepared when it does happen.
And it all turning into complete chaos because it's child soldiers on either side fighting each other.
So ultimately, it's both, you know, one of the least realistic war movies in that it's, you know, highly stylized and theatrical and doesn't stick to detail the way something like incredibly accurate movie like Black Hawk Down does.
But in the inverse of Black Hawk Down, it is one of the most accurate war movies because it's truly a painting, a picture of what war is about and what American war specifically is about as a violent, conquering, bloodlust and part of a never ending arc that is an arc that we don't see and we don't talk about.
But, you know, as we talked about, Kubrick loves the chords slash world, but he's never one to neglect the melody.
And he does focus a lot of this movie on the human cost of this and what it does, you know, primarily to Joker and Gomer Pyle.
And, you know, that combines in one of the better movie magic moments to me in Kubrick's career and one of his more on the nose and earnest moments, you know, kind of reflecting this idea, which is Painted Black, the Rolling Stones song over the credit roll.
Again, you know, directly coming after the fascist Mickey Mouse singing as the child soldiers marched through the hell on earth they created.
And we talked about The Shining, you know, I thought it's, you know, too obvious or on the nose to even say everyone obviously knows, but I didn't even mention, obviously, Walt Disney and his Nazi affiliations or sympathies.
So clearly, you know, this Mickey Mouse is another direct nod to the idea of the Fourth Reich, the smiling corporate capitalist neoliberal face of modern fascism that they are spreading through the world.
And, of course, directly after this scene, credits roll and you hear the dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun of Painted Black.
And, you know, we talked about in The Shining and Strangelove how, you know, Kubrick soundtracking movies instead of scoring them.
And a large reason for that was to be able to use ironic song choices.
This one's not ironic.
This is one of the few, maybe the only, I have to think about it and we'll go through the series, but one of the few non-ironic, one of the few earnest song choices in Kubrick's movies.
And, you know, just listen to Painted Black, listen to the lyrics, and he comes pretty close to just saying what we're saying here.
That America is the dark star apex of man's violence and is ushering us towards our inevitable destruction.
And, you know, that we want to see the sun blotted out from the sky.
And obviously there's a nice little parallel to of, I see a red door, I want it painted black in a movie about Vietnam in the era of America justifying, you know, global death.
And the extenuation, I think that's a word, the extension of this arc of violence towards, you know, using communism as justification for that.
As a justification to keep carrying out its agenda.
You know, if you see a red door, it's got to be painted black.
I want to see the sun blotted out from the sky.
If girls are laughing, I want to, I don't want to, I have to turn my head, which Mick Jagger, that's a weird lyric.
That's a weird moment.
But, you know, he's using this song very much in earnest.
It's very much the anthem of America here.
And obviously he didn't, he talked about not knowing if you wanted to keep making movies after this, just with his struggles.
He famously was trying to make Napoleon with Jack Nicholson for decades, you know, since, since a decade since The Shining.
And tried to make that in the 90s again.
You know, he had the idea forever and that was a, never, never came to fruition.
One of the great missed chances in film history that I would kill to see Jack Nicholson as Napoleon when directed by Kubrick.
But anyway, he didn't know if he would work again after this movie.
So you can almost read Painted Black if he didn't work again.
And then, of course, he only did one time 12 years later with Eyes Wide Shut.
You can almost read the Painted Black credit role as a coda to his career at that point.
And definitely as an appropriate and earnest and urgent for Kubrick.
Urgently earnest and sincere kind of moment and gesture towards his audience of this is the anthem for America.
You wake up and this is where we're going.
We're painting it all black.
But, you know, with our manifest destiny of violence and painting the world black, blotting the sun out from the sky, that is the agenda of the arc of man's violence.
And it's the only guiding policy of this new Reich.
That's the only place we're going.
You know, I can never hear that song the same way again after that.
And, of course, you know, just the horrifically hilarious and tragic prescience of Kubrick.
You know, that's his coda.
This is perhaps his coda.
We're just speculating there.
But this is his movie about the American military and how it's training child soldiers to recal on Earth.
And, of course, this movie becomes very popular and very quoted with members of the American military.
Of course, of course, I guess to them, this movie was not straightforward.
What we just talked about, the chords, melody, plot, world dynamic was not working in unison for them.
And they saw it as a Vietnam movie with a bunch of funny lines.
And it's a tough-nosed movie, but it's a good one.
And it's tough to go to war, but that's what you got to do.
Sometimes you got to shoot a 13-year-old child who's begging you to kill them.
And that's your baptism into the cult of American blood, right?
But, again, of course, this movie becoming beloved and quoted by, you know, American military and people who are fans of the American military.
Just, again, like we talked about Strange Love, this prescience of Kubrick coming horrifically, hilariously, tragically, impossibly, but only inevitably true.
So I think, you know, with that understanding of this movie and that understanding of this movie about, you know, it started with him looking at what can turn an innocent child into a killer
and ends with being a movie about America baptizing and brainwashing generations of children into the cult of violence and the cult of American bloodlust.
I think that's a good enough place as any to get into the commentary.
So let's run it.
Full Metal Jacket.
We start with the head-shaving scene, the initiation into the cult of America.
First day at America camp.
And, of course, this scene is scored by Johnny Wright's song, Hello Vietnam, the Goodbye My Sweetheart, Hello Vietnam.
I just want to read from the lyrics again here.
Once again, we're back to ironic Kubrick film usage that, again, mirrors what we talked about at the end with Painted Black.
Lyrics of this song, he says,
America has heard the bugle call, and you know it involves us one and all.
I don't suppose that war will ever end.
There is fighting that will break us up again.
And then it goes on to say,
America has trouble to be stopped.
We must stop communism in that land, or freedom will start slipping through our hands.
There's a nice, obviously, parallel there with seeing a red door and needing to paint it black.
And, again, this idea, once again, even on the surface level, that we don't suppose war will ever end.
And America has heard this righteous call that we then will see throughout the process of this movie, as Kubrick shows us,
is the call to American bloodlust and conquest.
And that's what these kids are being shipped up and shaven and prepared for.
And it's interesting, obviously.
This is an obvious thing to say, but, you know, in war movies and the military, the first thing they do is shave your head and put on a helmet.
They delete your individuality.
They delete your personality so everyone looks the same.
That's why in a lot of war movies it's kind of hard to tell the actors apart at first until you kind of get to know them and their characters.
But, yeah, it's interesting that that's how this starts.
And we're deleting whatever trace of you was an innocent kid, the person that you grew up with.
Now you're ours.
Now you're heeding this American call to conquest.
Now we get the entrance of the goat, Arlie Ermey, as drill instructor Hartman.
You know, we talked about in the intro that drill instructor Hartman, he is this dark priest for this American cult.
It's obviously, you know, one of the best and most memorable and quoted film performances of all time.
But, you know, we're back to the melody chords dynamic.
On the surface, he's obviously an instructor preparing them for marine training, preparing them to turn them into hard as hell killers.
And in the world, in the chords, he is, again, this dark priest initiating them into this American cult of bloodlust.
And we'll get there later.
I can never remember the exact line, but great evidence of this idea.
He says something to the effect of, we love and respect God, or we fear and respect God because of the power, because he was here first.
But your ass belongs to the core.
That, you know, is almost, again, still flirting with just coming out and saying it there.
We'll get there when that line comes.
But just one of the all time great performances by Arlie Ermey.
And once you see him as this priest initiating them into the cult of American bloodlust, you kind of can't understand it any other way.
And, of course, we won't, as usual, go into all the production secrets on all the stories.
We'll just be reading the same Wikipedia pages.
But, of course, Arlie Ermey was a marine drill instructor and then was hired as the technical advisor on this movie.
And so impressed Kubrick that Kubrick ended up just giving him the role of Sergeant Hartman.
The original Sergeant Hartman, excuse me, was Tim Colceri or Colceri, who plays the door gunner later in the movie.
One of the great, just demonic American Kubrick memes.
But Kubrick said, again, in that Stanley Kubrick archives, he mentioned that he immediately found when working with the actors that Arlie Ermey was a super intimidator.
And that, you know, was clearly the only choice for the role of Sergeant Hartman because that's who he is.
He brainwashes these kids into American bloodlust, into becoming killers with fear and intimidation.
But just another instance of proof of Kubrick casting actors to the aptitude of their characters, I think, or properly casting them to the level of their characters.
As he says, as De Niro says in The Irishman, all you knew was your part of it.
I think in some ways he does that.
In his casting, too, we talked about with Slim Pickens as Major Kong in Strange Love and Ryan O'Neill as Barry Lyndon.
I think Hartman, by approaching this, or Ermey, by approaching this movie the way he would in reality, you know, ends up making Hartman this mythical, legendary character.
Which, again, ties into the themes that this is the true face of, you know, what's happening with the American military.
They're training child soldiers to be a conquering force to expand the American empire and expand this arc of violence that we've talked about.
And, of course, this movie was co-written with Kubrick by Michael Hare, who wrote the great Vietnam book Dispatches, and by Gustav Hausford.
And, apparently, the first half is more or less kind of beat for beat based on the story of Hausford's book The Short Timers.
And, apparently, Hausford was a real deal, hard-as-nails Marine who did not get along with Kubrick.
There's a story that he, Michael Hare, told Kubrick, you probably shouldn't meet with him because it's probably not going to go well.
Kubrick insisted on meeting with Hausford, and it did not go well.
And that was their only meeting.
But we get to the, is that you, John Wayne?
Is this me scene?
With the introduction of Joker, and, obviously, Joker pulling the ballsiest move of his life up to that point by talking shit in the introduction with Sergeant Hartman.
Kind of another sign of his innocence at this point that he doesn't realize the gravity of, you know, he thinks he can still be Joker, the class clown.
And he doesn't realize the gravity of the situation.
And, I guess, I have not read The Short Timers, but, I guess, in the original book, that line was said by cowboy.
But, I think the context remains.
And, then, of course, Joker echoes it again later during the war.
But, the idea of, you know, he's kind of calling out Sergeant Hartman.
Hartman thinks he's a cowboy like John Wayne.
And, also, kind of reflecting it back with the, is this me, that maybe Joker's saying, I'm a cowboy just like you, too.
And, it's this moment of braggado, you know, a kid being braggadocious and trying to be like, hey, you're a tough guy?
Yeah, I'm a fucking tough guy, too.
And, then, he's clearly shown, no, you're not tough yet.
You need to be initiated into this blood cult.
But, again, it's, you know, we talked about Kubrick's main interest with this movie about what can turn a child into a killer.
And, again, we see, we see because of the cult of America, and we'll get there throughout the scenes, but these kids want to become killers.
These kids want to be cowboys.
These kids want to be hard as fuck.
You know, despite the horror of war, you know, Joker wanted to be the first kid on his block with a confirmed kill.
That is part of the American fantasy.
That is part of the idea of being a cowboy, you know.
The actual cowboy is like, you fucking rustle cattle all day.
What people mean is, I want to be a gunslinger.
What people mean is, I want to be a hero or a villain with a gun in my hand, like the cowboys in the westerns.
I want to be John Wayne.
So, clearly, we're working with this child soldier theme and Joker's fantasy of it, and then the movie shows the brutal, you know, hell-on-earth reality of it by the end.
And just a note on Hartman's opening speech where he says, we will not tolerate, there is no bigotry here.
And then he goes on to list how he does not look down on every type of racial slur he can list.
And, you know, just an interesting parallel again.
And obviously, we'll get into this with Clockwork Orange, but Hartman is an omni one.
Hartman sees there's no, nothing else matters besides, are you hard?
Are you a killer?
Are you, do you understand the bottom line of violence?
And will you rise up to meet that challenge?
And obviously, Hartman's an omni one.
Or he's a priest of the cult of the omni ones.
And he's training these kids and looking to see the signs of who else is one.
Who else will understand this bottom line of violence and react in kind.
And we won't get into the, again, the Chris Farley show of just being like, how great was that moment?
And there's endless quotables, especially from, obviously, Hartman.
Hartman has some of the funniest and meanest lines ever said in film directly to someone's face.
But as we talked about, it's almost self-evidence of this idea of the American cult of bloodlust.
And our fascination with it, that these lines all became quotable.
So I feel bad even kind of, you know, remarking on them or how funny and good they are.
But you can't.
Once again, that's just the movie magic of Kubrick.
You can't not notice how funny and remarkable they are because of the incredible performance of Arlie Ermey.
And because it's real.
Because you can clearly see.
You know, even if you have no idea about any of these themes I'm talking about.
Or the background of the production.
You can clearly see this dude.
Like, this is actually what he does.
You're watching a bunch of actors and then one real hard-as-fuck marine drill instructor.
And it remains just, you know, lines of people, lines of young boys standing and a guy yelling at them.
It remains affecting and iconic and like nothing else in movies.
And of course, we talked about Kubrick casting young-looking actors.
This being the first big role for both Matthew Modine and Vincent D'Onofrio.
They're both so great in it.
And the scene here at the beginning when Ermey makes D'Onofrio choke himself.
And then later when he starts slapping him in the line.
You can really see on D'Onofrio's face.
Once again, we talked about with Wendy in The Shining and Shelley Duvall.
Going from acting to actually being intimidated.
Actually being scared.
Actually being, you know, in pain and hurt and embarrassed in front of everybody else.
And you see, you know, the smirk that he can't stop laughing before he goes down and has to choke himself.
And then afterwards, you see the life drain out of his eyes.
And him realize like, oh, I'm the runt in this pack.
I'm the weak one.
And obviously that's borne out with tragic consequences for Gomer Pyle.
Now we get into the scenes of the marching and the introduction of the narration with Joker.
You know, introducing the scene of Parris Island, South Carolina.
And we talked about in the intro, you know, the interesting parallels about the violence of youth with this and Clockwork Orange.
And it's another interesting parallel that both movies are narrated by their protagonist.
Joker narrates this and Alex narrates Clockwork Orange.
So you're seeing it, not an unreliable narrative, but definitely from a subjective perspective.
You're seeing it through this guy's eyes and seeing him rationalize and deal with the things, you know, he's experiencing in the movie.
And just again, another example, this plot melody, world chords dynamic.
The idea of there's this nod that what they're telling you as the narrators in this movie is from a slightly skewed perspective, you know.
And they tell you one thing and then Kubrick shows you another.
And obviously, Matthew Mildene is just great in this, perfect to play the smart-ass class clown who ends up becoming a killer.
I'm looking at the scene where he's slapping D'Onofrio, he's slapping Gomer Pyle.
And it looks like D'Onofrio almost starts crying.
And I always thought that's, again, just part of the genius of Kubrick and the level of detail that these movies are made at.
That these are all actors and then there's one real military guy.
And, you know, for an actor to really be, this is the movies, they fake slap you in the face, you know.
And when he gets really slapped in the face, he suddenly looks like it hurt and he's going to start crying.
And this is not fair.
And I want to go home.
And all the things a human being should feel in being put into this insane situation.
When you're being brainwashed with fear and intimidation by this dark priest of the American cult, you should feel scared.
These are innocent kids.
These are college kids, kids fresh out of high school.
And, you know, this whole opening scene in Paris Island is all about burning away all those human parts of you.
So it no longer hurts.
Cauterizing your soul.
So being initiated into this hard-ass world of violence where you do what you're told and you do what they say and you do it on time, perfect, every time.
And if you don't, you get punished.
You know, that is the proper human reaction.
But it's all about conditioning that human reaction out of you so you can go and participate, become a child soldier and participate in America's global conquest.
And again, this idea of the American cult and being initiated into this cult is clearly obviously reflected here with the scene where Hartman tells them to pray.
And they do the prayer of, this is my rifle.
There are many like it, but this one is mine.
Obviously, this is a stylized movie.
I don't, once again, I don't think this is an actual thing that Marines do.
But I know it has become a thing that has been quoted post-Full Metal Jacket in the military.
I know that this is my rifle.
There are many like it, but this one is mine has become a meme that people say.
So obviously, this is a stylized moment from Kubrick.
But again, he's, we're really getting into this idea.
Hartman tells them pray and their prayer is basically that their rifle is their partner, their wife, their lover.
And this one is theirs and they will, their rifle is their real connection to the real bottom line of violence.
That is the thing that makes them a useful, they're just a vessel to fight.
They fire the rifle.
They go, they're jolly green giants with guns.
They go where they're told the military, America points out a target.
And they go there with their beloved rifle and shoot at it.
And again, it's all about conditioning away the human parts of these kids to love their rifle like they would their mother or their wife.
And again, another stylized Kubrick scene after that has again become a meme among military people that this is my rifle, this is my gun, this is for fighting, this is for fun.
And in one hand, he's holding his actual rifle.
In his other hand, he's holding his dick.
Again, the prescience of Kubrick, that that becomes a meme or an inside joke between military people.
And also a nice callback to Strangelove, a nice callback to the idea of the libidinous death drive.
It's almost like Hartman.
We're existing here.
This series, we talk about an alternate history.
Kubrick does not do the Kubrick verse.
It's not like the Tarantino verse where it's literally, you know, we're not working with that idea here.
That these movies all take place in literally the same universe and red apple cigarettes and all the cute little things Tarantino does.
No, we're more talking, you know, thematically and kind of metaphorically.
But it's fun or interesting to think of this movie, you know, Hartman as, obviously there is nothing post-Stangelove in the quote-unquote Kubrick verse, if we were to look at it like that.
Because Strangelove, you know, the world ends at the end of that movie.
But there's a nice echo, almost that Hartman, you know, if you line up the timelines, this movie is 87.
And Hartman, although it's based in the, you know, the late 60s, it's never, I don't know that it's ever explicitly said when it's based.
I've obviously, the book is based, I think it's between 62 and 68 or something like that.
Anyway, it's just, this is my rifle, this is my gun.
Nice callback to the libido as a death drive.
That your dick is a gun and it's there to fuck and, aka, shoot people and shoot the world and fuck the world.
It's interesting to think of Hartman as a post-Stangelove drill instructor.
He's, you know, as we talked about, an omni one who understands the bottom line of violence.
And that's part of the training.
That's something that was, you know, for the top level of the elites in Strangelove, they all understood this libido death drive has now been extended down to the child soldiers.
Now it's part of the training here, you know, 23 years later in Full Metal Jacket.
I'll tell you, you know, they go to great lengths to make, Vincent D'Onofrio famously gained a lot of weight to play Pyle, and they go to great lengths to make Pyle look, you know, weak and miserable compared to the other guys.
But I'll tell you, doing pull-ups like that with your fingers, that's real fucking hard.
I can't do that either.
And it's, you know, again, we talked about Kubrick never is one to neglect the melody and the plot on the surface.
Because this, the human cost of this shit, you know, as we talked about in the intro, what people expected from Kubrick of a Vietnam movie about the terrible human cost of Vietnam is really portrayed through Gomer Pyle.
And we really see how terrible it is that he's the weak one because he's still, obviously, you know, he physically can't stand up to the test the way the other guys can.
But really, he's the weak one because he's still soft.
He's still kind and he's still, you know, not committed to this violence.
He hasn't gone crazy yet.
He hasn't been brainwashed.
And his body and mind are kind of resisting the brainwashing.
And that's a huge problem.
That makes him an outcast and a loser and not fit to participate in this American blood cult.
Now we get to the scene where Hartman interrogates Joker asking him, you do believe in the Virgin Mary, don't you?
And Joker stands his ground and says no.
And then when asked to repeat that no, says no again.
I will, you know, I believe the drill instructor will beat me harder if I reverse course.
And then, of course, Hartman respects that and makes Joker squad leader because of that.
And here we're introduced again to this duality within Joker.
If the movie is about an innocent kid turning into a killer, you know, as Joker said, something about the duality of man, the Jungian thing, sir, which we'll get to later.
But the Jungian thing exists within Joker.
He's the one with the peace sign on his helmet and born to kill.
Joker kind of sees both sides in this movie.
You know, he is as the protagonist.
We're watching him teeter between the light side and the dark side, the innocent child side and the death cult, child killer, child soldier side.
So this scene's a nice we see this streak of Joker.
He both understands heeding the call of power and duty and discipline of the military and also has a streak of individuality in him.
That here he is rewarded for.
And we'll see, obviously, this duality, the Jungian thing, sir, we'll see that play out through the rest of the movie.
And similarly, we see this montage of now that he's squad leader and Hartman is assigned Pyle to stick next to Joker, of Joker sincerely trying to help Pyle.
This is, again, the Jungian duality.
They're training to be hard as fuck, no love, no soul, no heart killers and baptizing the Fourth Reich and the American cult of bloodlust and conquest.
But he's also still a kind kid.
And he wants to help this guy who he thinks is a nice guy who's just failing at this and doesn't understand things the way Joker does.
And Joker thinks, maybe if I show him, I can help him.
And, of course, you know, we see tragically he does help him.
Pyle does improve.
He even gets commendation as a marksman.
Suddenly Hartman says, maybe you can be a soldier in my corps after all.
And then we know it's far too late for Pyle.
He does improve.
He does accept the bloodlust cult, but it's gone far too far, as we'll see.
But, again, we're dealing with this dichotomy within Joker.
There's the brutal killer and then the kind child.
And you do get the feeling, it's just well acted by Modine and D'Onofrio.
You do get the feeling, you know, Joker sincerely wants to help him until he realizes that's the wrong impulse to have here.
And that its pile is beyond help, as we'll see in the bathroom scene.
And, again, obviously we get into this marching scene of one, two, three, four.
I love the Marine Corps.
And all the both like maternal metaphors about the Marine Corps, that it's our mother and father and the God metaphors.
And it's our God.
And also the sexual metaphors.
Eskimo pussy being mighty cold.
It's all mixed in together.
But, again, we see this, the deletion of the individual.
The deletion of the, I think deletion is the word.
The deleting of the individual.
The deleting of, you know, your mother and father and your God and your school and your background.
And swearing ultimate fealty and loyalty to the core.
And, again, as we talked about in the intro, these are all basically real chants that Arlie Ermey suggested or brought over or, you know, collaborated on with the writers.
And, again, not a ton of tweaking needed for Kubrick to present this picture of the Marine Corps and the American military at large and America at large as a brainwashing force.
Because that's what they do.
They really are conditioning you to love the Marine Corps, to hold nothing higher than, to be willing to die for.
You know, that is the whole job.
So we see that, obviously, greatly portrayed through a guy who really did this, Arlie Ermey.
Now we get to the donut scene with Private Pyle.
And just, again, I'm not going to spend time rhapsodizing about it.
Kubrick does a bunch of great, terribly tragic, memetic, memish, what is the word, shots of Pyle.
Him with the donut in his mouth.
Him, yeah, with his pants down, trailing the rest of the company, sucking his thumb.
And then him later with, you know, basically in the dunce cap position while they all have to do push-ups.
It's just a great use of, you know, one-point perspective, although it's technically not, but, you know, very Kubrick-esque iconic visual shots all centering on the humiliation of Pyle.
And you really get the idea that it's not only about singling out Pyle and humiliating him because it's weak, but it's a threat and a warning to the rest of the kids.
It's a threat and a warning.
And, again, it's this horrific duality that America and the Dark Star Wolf enforces upon you.
Both telling them you're no longer children, now you're killers, and you're no longer human beings, now you are Marines, you swear loyalty to us, you owe your ass to us.
And then also kind of acknowledging that they are kids and that they, by playing off that social high school fear of being embarrassed in front of your friends, it's very kind of viciously manipulative and obviously puts these human beings, these kids in an impossible place where the only choice is madness, where the only choice is bloodlust.
The only choice is to become hard as fuck because there's no other way out.
And so, of course, we see this montage of Pyle being humiliated, punctuated by Joker telling him, like, you really got to stop fucking up, man.
And Pyle not seeming to understand the consequences.
Pyle seeming to think, to still have kind of excuses in a world where they don't allow excuses.
There is nothing else but the bottom line, similar to, like we talked about, the bottom line of violence being the guiding and end-all-be-all philosophy of America in the Dark Star.
And, of course, this leads up to the soap assault scene.
What do they call it in?
This is the A Few Good Men scene.
The hazing, basically.
I can't remember what they call it.
Code Red in A Few Good Men.
They do a Code Red to Pyle.
Maybe I'm using these terms wrong.
I use a ton of terms wrong.
I called him Hayden Sterling for half of the Strange Love episode.
Again, I'm not that smart.
I'm just talking about movies I love.
But, of course, we get to the soap beating scene where they hold Pyle down and they all hit him with soap.
And, of course, it's important that they all hit him.
Joker has to hit him, too.
Once again, we get back to this idea of a bonding ritual of violence, a blood ritual, and a ritual of deleting the human part, deleting the sensitive, soulful part, the part of you that's friends with this guy.
And showing loyalty and fealty to the core.
And showing that you are willing to engage in violence, too, because you're hard as fuck, too.
And that's the bottom line for you, too.
Regardless of how you feel about this guy, Joker, you've got to hit him, too.
And, of course, this is a nice little microcosm of the larger themes and the duality within Joker.
Will he be turned into a killer?
And, of course, this scene kind of emphatically previews.
Not only does he hit him once, but he hits him like six times.
And he hits him harder and harder each time.
And you get the feeling, the look on Modine's face, he starts to grit his teeth and get violent with it.
And you get the feeling that he is punishing.
He starts out with the first hit as like, I've got to do this, too.
And then he is punishing Pyle, too.
Because it's like, hey, motherfucker, you keep putting me in a bad position.
You don't learn.
You won't learn.
And suddenly he's mimicking Hartman.
And there's a great idea in there of the children imitating the parent.
If these are all lost soul children and this is their dark star priest, he's their father stand-in.
And the core is their mother.
And they're imitating their abusive father just the way kids imitate abusive parents.
And then, of course, after he beats him, Joker has to cover his ears to not hear Pyle sobbing.
It's really fucking sad.
And D'Onofrio plays it great in this tragic scene.
And so we get back to, again, the duality of man.
He's still a kid.
He wants to participate in the violence.
He wants to be one of the guys and show loyalty to the court.
And then when he does it, it horrifies him and terrifies him.
And, of course, this scene is, a lot of people probably know the music in this scene.
And then later in the bathroom scene is by Kubrick's daughter, Vivian.
She was like a synth music composer.
I believe it's done on a Fairlight synth, like a computer synth, but a cool note.
The music's good and ominous and scary in those scenes.
Now we see them in assembly again and doing this call and response.
And, again, I don't know if this is a real thing or stylized, but there's several times Kubrick is obviously pushing it to the edge of stylized with Hartman saying, you know, what makes the grass grow?
Blood, blood, blood.
What are we here to do?
Kill, kill, kill.
Clearly, again, we're just inches away from just showing you and saying it.
And, again, not having to tweak the source material much.
What do we do for a living?
Kill, kill, kill.
You know, those are very similar to real Marine Corps chants and the call and response and things.
So, once again, we're on this edge of being stylized of Kubrick, you know, almost coming out and saying they're a bloodlust force bent on global conquest and destruction.
But then it's also pretty close to the real thing.
And then we get to this interesting scene with them on the bleachers where Hartman asks the soldiers, do they know who Charles Whitman was?
Obviously, he, as Cowboy stands up, he says, he shot all those people in that tower in Austin, Texas, sir.
He gets into Charles Whitmore and he gets into Lee Harvey Oswald, these snipers that killed people.
You know, obviously, one did a mass shooting and one supposedly assassinated the president.
And there's a nice little nod from Kubrick that he, here in 1987, you know, before the movie JFK, lays out how he killed JFK from that book suppository building, sir, as Private Snowball says.
But he kills him from a crazy distance with three shots, what is it, 250 feet away, shooting at a moving target.
Oswald got off three rounds with an old Italian bolt-action rifle in only six seconds.
Obviously, just saying that is like, okay, that's impossible.
That would have to be one of the greatest shooting performances in the history of mankind under, you know, incredible pressure in an incredibly small six-second window.
So it's an interesting note that Kubrick included that data.
Maybe it's just, you know, that was common knowledge at the time or commonly thought would to be the truth that Oswald shot him three times with a Carcano rifle in six seconds.
It also feels like a little conspicuous that that seems impossible.
But what I love, obviously, about this scene is the suggestion that these guys were both trained in the Marines and that if you follow this training, you can do that, too.
You could do a mass shooting or you could even kill the president.
And once again, you almost go into it expecting a condemnation of Charles Whitmore or Lee Harvey Oswald.
Instead, they're used as like examples of all-stars in the past of the Marine Corps.
Look at these things these guys achieved.
If you just worked hard, you could be like them.
And again, ties back to this idea of the Dark Star and the idea of the arc of violence.
As we talked about a lot in the Strangelove episode of, you know, Kennedy's death and the impact that had on Kubrick and his work and seeing Kennedy more or less be killed for discovering the secret face of power that lies under the surface in America and trying to do something about it.
But again, we see this idea of no loyalty.
They're not even loyal to the president.
They're loyal to the Marine Corps.
The president might, you know, do the funding and it's like, yeah, it's the way a church, you know, technically we have to respect the Pope, but they're the Knights Templar.
You know, the Knights Templar did things directly in opposition to the Pope sometimes or directly in opposition, you know, in Jerusalem to the church and authority.
And, you know, they would raid Muslim caravans and slaughter people.
And it's almost a similar idea as like, yeah, technically we're in this system together, but there's no respect for John Kennedy as the president.
The respect is for Lee Harvey Oswald for, you know, in this idea of being an omni one, being one who understands the bottom line of violence, being trained in violence as a weapon.
And it's just great that the idea is that one day you too could do this.
Now we get to the Christmas scene where he's addressing the assembled Marines in the barracks.
Two incredibly just cheeky and funny lines.
One, you know, there will be a magic show at 930 making Arlie Ermey bark at.
And then here watching again on mute, I never noticed that the Marine chaplain's name, his name is Chaplain Charlie.
That's hilarious.
It's just a funny little Kubrick cheeky joke.
But here in this scene, we most see, again, we're almost at a stylized level here with Kubrick.
It's almost nodding and winking towards us.
We most see Arlie Ermey as the priest of this dark American Fourth Reich bloodlust cult.
He almost comes out and says it.
And as we see, Charlie Chaplin will tell them about how, or Chaplain Charlie, about how the free world will conquer communism with the aid of God and a few Marines.
God has a hard-on for Marines because we kill everything we see.
He plays his games.
We play ours.
To show our appreciation for so much power, we keep heaven packed with fresh souls.
God was here before the Marine Corps.
So you can give your heart to Jesus, but your ass belongs to the core.
That was obviously the line I was trying to remember earlier and could not.
But this scene, you know, is a genius kind of inversion or unpacking of the idea that has justified and defined war for centuries of divine mandate.
The idea, you know, military is always, military and country are almost, you know, God bless America.
They're always, the third part is God and that what we're doing this for is God.
It's assumed that we're all Christians.
The way he assumes Joker loves the Virgin Mary.
It's assumed we're all Christians.
It's assumed we're all united under the belief of God and that we're fighting for God.
But in this scene, it clearly unpacks that God is an abstraction.
We respect him because of the power and because he was here first.
But we're Marines and we have a special deal with God.
We kill and we keep heaven filled with souls.
And you can see this American Dark Star blood cult of conquest and him as this priest initiating them into this cult.
You can see this philosophy of this cult that God is almost, again, we're going to Clockwork Orange.
And it's an understanding between two friends, their relationship with God.
It is not, you know, fear God and he is the almighty, all powerful.
We respect him.
He was here first.
He has a lot of power.
He's racked up a lot of kills.
He's racked up, you know, probably we'd have to say the most kills of all time.
But also, we're Marines and we're coming for that most kills of all time, number two.
We're coming for that number one spot.
And it's a great and fascinating relationship with God.
And it's great, you know, that he says, you can give your heart to Jesus.
Almost an acknowledgement.
Like, the heart is the emotional part that they have spent, you know, this first 40 minutes of the movie burning off.
So it's like, oh, yeah.
And it's a great acknowledgement that that's the part, you know, you focus so much on in religion.
It's your heart and your soul and giving my heart to Jesus.
And to them, that's like a fool's bargain.
It's like, oh, you want my scrap?
You want the heart?
Yeah, sure.
We'll give, you can give your heart to Jesus, but your ass belongs to the core.
The bottom line is you will live and die for this core.
So this is, you know, a great scene of Arlie Armey as the dark priest initiating them into the American cult of bloodlust and conquest.
And then obviously we see the little nice back-to-back and duality of the scene where Joker notices Pyle talking to his gun.
He's starting to see that Pyle's starting to lose it.
He's sitting there talking to an object that isn't responding.
You know, he's talking, not realizing that it's not listening and that other people are listening.
And then we see Joker and Cowboy sweeping the bathroom.
And Joker tells Cowboy that he, I saw Leonard talking to his gun.
Cowboy obviously has no reaction.
Joker waits a beat and says, I want to slip my tube stake into your sister.
And Cowboy, after another beat, says, or he says, well, what are you taking, Trey?
And Cowboy waits a beat and says, what do you got?
But it's a nice inversion that Cowboy, no one cares that Pyle's losing it.
It doesn't make an effect.
And that even between Joker and Cowboy, they're not really hearing each other talk.
You know, Leonard Pyle is going crazy because he's talking to his gun, a thing that can't respond.
But then they're talking to each other and then not responding to each other.
Just a nice little reflection of the idea that they're all being brainwashed
and they're all being pushed into this American cult of bloodlust and madness.
And then we see Pyle shooting well on the range and then executing the rifle moves,
the checking of the rifle, and then correctly naming the five primary directives or whatever it is,
to Hartman, basically impressing Hartman.
And it's key, the thing I want to focus on Hartman saying, you are definitely born again hard.
And once again, just a nice Kubrick line and a nice kind of winking nod towards this idea of this cult
and this idea of this becoming a religion and him being a dark priest, the use of the phrase born again hard.
It's just nice writing.
And speaking of nice writing, as we get to the next scene, we see Joker on narration say,
graduation is only a few days away and the recruits of platoon 3092 are salty.
They are ready to eat their own guts and ask for seconds.
The drill instructors are proud to see we are growing beyond their control.
The Marine Corps does not want robots.
The Marine Corps wants killers.
The Marine Corps wants to build indestructible men, men without fear.
And of course, directly after this, the next thing is a cut to Sergeant Hartman saying,
today, you people are no longer maggots.
But of course, again, here we're right back into this idea of the American military and Hartman
as initiating these children into this cult, into this philosophy and this way of thinking.
There's a lot fascinating about that quote.
First and foremost, that they are growing beyond their control.
And we will get to that in just a moment of them, the priests of this dark cult training
these killer, these child killers to the point where they can no longer control them.
But as he goes on to say, the Marine Corps doesn't want robots.
They want killers.
They want people to grow beyond their control.
They're proud to see that.
And that's a fascinating idea.
Again, like we talked about earlier, how the earlier Hartman scene kind of unpacks manifest
destiny.
This kind of unpacks the idea or inverts the idea of military all being about discipline,
all being about the chain of command, the idea that at the highest level, we will train
people who don't need to be given orders because they're so deeply entrenched in the American
philosophy of bloodlust and conquest.
They're so deeply brainwashed into being killers.
And of course, you see this, again, the prescience of Kubrick.
You see this reflected in the stories you hear about Afghanistan and Iraq in the last 20,
almost 30 years of war now.
The stories about black ops and Delta Force and Blackwater turned Xi, turned whatever they
are now, the private security contractors, people who are so thoroughly indoctrinated with
the American philosophy of bloodlust and conquest, who have so thoroughly sworn fealty and loyalty
to the dark star.
As Joker says, you know, men without fear.
Well, fear comes from having something you want to protect, having something you're scared
of losing.
And if you have no fear, that means you have no other loyalty.
You have no other love.
You have nothing.
There's nothing else.
The only way you can live without fear is to know that the bottom line is everything's
trying to kill you and you're trying to kill everything.
And that's what it is.
And there's no win or lose.
It's just go play the game.
Go be the biggest killer.
My violence can conquer your violence.
That's how you live without fear in a world of violence.
And like we're saying, you know, you see this reflected by Delta Ops or, you know, Delta
Force and Black Ops people and private security operating without oversight and being their
own bosses out there and deciding, hey, that guy looks like he's ISIS.
Let's kill him.
That is suggested here by Kubrick and by the by, you know, even understanding from Joker
to Hartman that that's what the military wants.
That's the highest love.
It's not about discipline.
We want to train these beasts to become killed.
You know, these kids turn these kids into beasts and killers train, train your beast to
the point where it's a, you know, sharpen his claws and fangs and then you let them off
the leash and then you let them unleash their Mickey Mouse hell on earth across the world.
And it's great that, you know, like I said, it cuts to Hartman saying today you're no longer
maggots.
It's a reflection again of this idea that people who live with any fear.
And therefore, any love or any loyalty, any faith, any anything they want to protect from
the world and from the dark star and from, you know, just the crushing wave of violence
and terror in this world.
Those people are weak.
Those people are maggots.
It's only when you're born again hard, when you burn off all the human parts of you through
brainwashing and initiation into this blood cold that you become not a maggot, that you
become a worthwhile person.
And so there's a ton going on there.
And it's a very interesting unpacking of the idea of military discipline and showing how that's
not the discipline is in loyalty to the dark star.
The discipline is in is in burning off the human part of you and burning off the fear.
And then the fun starts.
Then the killing starts.
We see this idea reflected in the next scene.
They graduate.
And then Hartman reads out the assignments.
And Joker obviously gets assigned to do military journalism because he worked for his high school
newspaper.
And again, we just see this idea of the military not being about discipline and not having a
respect for God or the structure of the military as its highest ideal.
Because even Hartman is like, Jesus H. Christ, you're a killer.
You're not a writer.
Which again, we'll see as the language is mirrored in the next scene beautifully.
But it's this idea that like, oh, the military made a mistake.
But then Joker's answer to that is, sir, yes, sir.
So there's this understanding between the two of like, well, even if the military sends you on an
assignment that's not appropriate for your skills that we've now indoctrinated you with and this
philosophy we've now indoctrinated, we both know you're a killer, bottom line.
And one way or another, you're going to figure out how to do some killing because it's time for the
killing to start.
And speaking of time for the killing to start, now we get into the bathroom scene and this final
scene at Parris Island.
And I want to, right before I start this and discuss the specifics, I just, it's an interesting
note of how many big scenes take place in bathrooms in Kubrick movies.
I was just thinking this scene here, Gomer Pyle's death, happens in Full Metal Jacket in the
bathroom.
Obviously, Grady meets Jack in the bathroom in The Shining and kind of delineates the system
of power in the American Dark Star that that movie's about and the Overlook represents.
We talked about in episode one.
In episode two about Strangelove, Colonel Jack D. Ripper kills himself in the bathroom, as
we talked about in that, using the libido death drive metaphor that it's almost a suicide
masturbation metaphor that he goes into the bathroom.
And obviously in Eyes Wide Shut, the model Amanda at the party, at Ziegler's party with
Sidney Pollack, she nearly dies and overdoses in the bathroom.
And it's interesting, I don't know, I don't have a working theory.
I'm just thinking about that now, that it's a place where private and important moments
in the script happen.
So it's an interesting vehicle you can see pop up across these movies.
But anyway, I digress.
The point is, we get to the bathroom scene, the final scene in Paris Island where, of
course, Pyle kills himself in the bathroom, the Full Metal Jacket scene.
And this scene, I may argue here, that has some of the greatest film writing of all time
and maybe the best and most poetic single line of Kubrick's career.
So if you've listened to the series in full to this point now, I'll just say this line
and you'll get it, I think.
As Hartman comes in, once Pyle starts yelling and doing the, this is my rifle, reciting this
incantation, this prayer, they quite literally refer to it as a prayer.
Now he is reciting it on his own.
And again, echoes the scene just before where Joker says they are proud to see us growing
beyond their control.
Well, he grew beyond your control.
Here he is.
And it didn't go in the direction you hoped it would.
But anyway, Pyle starts yelling.
He's yelling this prayer, doing the incantation of the prayer and this philosophy he's been
indoctrinated with.
But now for his own purposes.
Now he's a free radical and a rogue.
So that's dangerous.
And that's scary.
And of course, the line as Hartman busts into the bathroom.
I'm just going to say this line.
And if you've listened, if this is your third episode, you'll get it.
Hartman says, what is this Mickey Mouse shit?
What in the name of Jesus H. Christ are you animals doing in my head?
I mean, come on.
That's one of the best written and cleverest, most clever, most poetic lines in all of Kubrick's
work.
And, you know, going back to The Shining in Danny's Mickey Mouse sweater is the line,
at least seven years in the making right there.
As we talked about, we're working with this theme of Nazi Mickey Mouse and fascist Mickey
Mouse as the smiling face of fascism and fascism as the politics of violence existing within
liberalism, existing within America, is the face of the Fourth Reich, more or less.
That's the smiling corporate logo.
So for him to walk in and say, and then obviously Mickey Mouse, as we talked about in the intro,
at the end, as they're child soldiers marching through the hell on earth they wreak, there's
also the connection to the child soldiers.
These guys all know the Mickey Mouse songs because they grew up watching Mickey Mouse cartoons.
So you have Nazi fascist, Fourth Reich logo Mickey Mouse and child soldier Mickey Mouse.
So for Hartman to walk in and see two of his child soldiers, one of them has a gun, and
this is clearly a situation that has grown beyond his control.
For him to say, what is this Mickey Mouse shit?
What are you animals?
What in the name of Jesus H. Christ are you animals doing in my head?
It's just unbelievable writing.
And of course, the head is the bathroom here.
The head is a term for a bathroom, but it's a very clear metaphor and symbolism there.
What are you animals doing in my head?
Coming right after.
They're proud to see we have grown beyond their control.
You know, these animals, these beasts, these killers, his job is to train them.
His job is to indoctrinate them into the cult of America and American bloodlust.
Suddenly, it's like Hartman has this moment of self-consciousness and self-awareness just
before death, asking like, oh, how did these animals get here?
How did these killers get here in my head?
Suddenly I can see the animals.
Suddenly I can see, oh my God, it's the terrible cult of bloodlust that he has been initiating
these innocent children into and turning them to killers obviously turns on him.
So he has this moment right before death.
It's great for one of Kubrick's hardest-nosed, least self-aware or self-reflective.
Hartman is a man with no doubt.
He is endlessly confident in his purpose for that guy to have almost this cosmic and unintentional
moment of self-consciousness right before death of saying, what are you animals doing in my head?
What is this Mickey Mouse shit?
Suddenly seeing the monsters he's created and seeing how horrific it is.
That's just unbelievable.
All-time writing.
You know, what are these animals suddenly doing in Hartman's head, which has been so gloriously
empty and devoid of questions and doubt his whole life until this very point?
And of course the answer to what in the name of all that is holy is this American fascist
Mickey Mouse child soldier shit?
And, you know, how does it end?
A full metal jacket right through the heart of Hartman.
And then of course we see the still terrible and shocking and tragic suicide of Pyle shooting
himself with the full metal jacket and blowing his brains out on the bathroom wall.
And again, just Pyle as a reflection of a Marine grown beyond the control of his masters and
these cult priests that have indoctrinated him and initiated him into the blood cult and
the American dark star.
And a nice comment, you know, we talked earlier of, you know, them growing beyond their control
and this being the goal of the Marines and of this dark priest Hartman in this cult.
But seeing how that, you know, he turns the gun on his instructor and then on himself.
Seeing how dangerous that philosophy is.
Seeing how dangerous the idea of training, taking innocent kids, turning them into blood-lusting
child soldiers that want to conquer the world and have grown beyond their control.
You know, it's just a nice note that this Pyle does after struggling.
The whole movie and being the outcast and not fitting in because of his innocence, because
he can't burn off the human parts of him, the weak parts, the vulnerable parts.
Well, he eventually does, but the blood lust goes in the wrong way as according to what,
you know, Hartman would like, what the American power structure wants.
It doesn't go to Vietnam.
It ends right there on Paris Island.
And then, of course, Pyle was never going to go to Vietnam.
He was never, that wasn't how, once he had grown beyond their control, that was not his
goal anymore.
That was not what he saw as a goal or as a future for him.
He saw death by full metal jacket for him and Hartman right then and there.
And then, of course, we get the all-time great transition from this horrible, shocking scene
to the doom, doom, doom, doom, doom, doom, doom, these boots are made for walking.
As the Vietnamese prostitute approaches Joker and Rafterman in Da Nang.
You know, this movie is, in a lot of ways, the height, maybe the height of Kubrick's ironic
music usage.
You know, I would argue that We'll Meet Again is the greatest instance of that at the end
of Strange Love.
But the whole Vietnam section is soundtracked with very ironic pop songs.
And Kubrick talked about he used specifically songs that he found in the pop charts from between
1962 and 1968 and soundtracked the whole movie with them and scored this Vietnam section
with them.
And he really goes into that here in the second half, you know, using pop songs ironically to
punctuate these bizarre and insane and psychedelic moments that happened to these child soldiers
during the war.
And it's interesting that in this scene, the prostitute in Da Nang is dressed stylish and
Western.
You know, she's in the way she comes up to them and it's being scored to Nancy Sinatra's
boots are made for walking.
And of course, her walking up in her boots, they're high heels, but, you know, it focuses
very much.
The camera walks up with her towards them.
And then, of course, the parallel of the American military storming the country in their
boots.
You know, they're all, the boots are made for walking and here they are walking across
Da Nang and across Vietnam and across the world, obviously at the end, across hell on
earth.
These boots are made for walking and God damn it, they're going to walk.
But there's, you know, it's a nice and interesting suggestion of the exportation of American slash, you know, westernized culture that goes hand in hand with American conquest.
As the Americans are there to conquer them.
Well, she's a prostitute in Da Nang who presumably makes most of her living from American soldiers
and she starts to dress more and speak more American and be more stylishly American.
And of course, that's only, you know, horribly true.
We invade places and leave them with McDonald's, you know.
And we get into the scene with Rafter Man and the introduction of him and Joker walking along.
And basically, you know, Rafter Man saying, I want to get in the shit.
I can't wait.
It's been so fucking boring.
And that's obviously a big theme through this movie.
Guys, they're bluster of saying they want to get in the shit.
They want to see some violence.
They want to see some action.
And for some, it's very true.
Like Adam Baldwin is animal mother.
And as we see at the end, even for Joker to some degree.
And definitely for Rafter Man, there's an interesting parallel or back and forth between Joker and Rafter Man.
And we see in this idea, you know, we're still playing with this, the Jungian thing here with Joker and the duality and whether he will become a killer or not,
because he's assigned to a kind of non-killing military position here.
And the journalist, you know, in a way, they got it easy.
These guys are journalists and they don't have to pick up guns and go to the trenches on the front lines.
But yet they're all sitting there saying, God, I just can't wait till we get to pick up guns and go in the trenches and get to the front lines.
And Rafter Man especially is full of that bluster and braggadocio.
And Joker almost, you know, in this scene almost seems more reasonable in the way he says, you know, I can't let you do it.
Your mom would kill me if you got hurt.
That's a big, that's a negative right there.
Rafter Man.
And there's still playing with this, this duality and there's still some hope for Joker here at this point that maybe he won't turn to violence.
But of course, obviously, as we see, he does.
Then we get to the paper scene.
And I don't have much like profound or interesting to say about this, except that John Terry is great here as the editor of the newspaper.
And I guess he's, I think he, I don't know if he's worked a lot.
It appears that he hasn't been in a lot of movies, but he's been in a lot of TV.
And the main interesting thing here is he's a newspaper editor here in Full Metal Jacket.
And he's also the newspaper editor in Zodiac, one of my favorite movies too.
So just an interesting little note.
And again, just interesting of him, John Terry, editing these stories and telling Joker to add the kill.
And Joker, of course, being a class clown and being the smartass and saying, well, why not make it a general?
Oh, and also, as I said in the beginning, the search and destroy.
We have a new MAF directive on this, search and destroy.
In the future, in place of search and destroy, we are to use, substitute the phrase sweep and clear.
So it was interesting.
He's editing these stories of the war and then tells Joker, you know, we like stories where Viet Cong officers get killed.
And we like stories where American GIs spend their, you know, their monthly stipend to buy toothpaste for the locals.
So there's an acknowledgement here of Kubrick that here's the other side of the Dark Star.
Here's them editing and piecing together the public face of the war, which, of course, was, you know, going horribly wrong.
As even John Terry notes, you know, this is not a terribly popular war.
It's an interesting balance and counterbalance to the whole first half of the movie of them being initiated into being killers.
Well, here's them covering up that killing and writing the official, you know, U.S. government stamped authority narrative of the war.
And again, we see this theme of, you know, these young child soldiers blustering and braggadocious here with Payback in the tent, telling them how he was on Hastings and then describing the thousand yard stare.
And it's very funny how he's like, I got it.
All field Marines got it.
Like they haven't noticed yet that he's got it.
And then Joker again doing the John Wayne impression and then getting in their little head to head.
And then, of course, the Tet Offensive happens and they're all scared shitless.
So there's, again, this nice duality, this picture of the child soldiers.
They're all buff and bold and being John Wayne and puffing their chests out and ramming their, you know, gnashing their teeth at each other.
And then when it actually happens, they're like, is that real?
Is this the real one?
Oh, shit, that is real.
And, you know, as obviously exemplified by Joker in the machine gun nest saying, I'm not ready for this shit, man.
It's just great writing and great acting.
And, yeah, again, interesting work along this, this duality, the Jungian thing and the duality within Joker and within all these child soldiers.
And we come back to the newspaper editor's room with, of course, the first to go, last to know.
We will defend to the death our right to be misinformed.
And a poster behind John Terry, another great, you know, just moment in reflection of what we were talking about earlier of them crafting the fake narrative around the reality of the war.
And being the inverse of the death cult dark star that Hartman initiates these kids into.
But then I just noticed here in the background, again, 20 plus times, 30, I don't know, however many times I've seen this movie.
Just notice, of course, Joker is framed by Mickey Mouse toys.
They're in the back on the, like, windowsill, the ledge behind him.
There's one on his left and one on his right, almost like, you know, the angel and devil on Joker's shoulders as he is doing the shit talking, which will get him sent into the shit by Lockhart, by John Terry, his editor.
I never noticed that before, of course.
This series is a testament to why it's fun and interesting and kind of important to watch some movies 20 fucking times.
And there you go.
Now we get to, of course, the door gunner scene with Tim Colceri, the guy who was originally supposed to be Sergeant Hartman and who was a former Marine himself.
And just one of the all-time great little Kubrick meme characters and just absolute face of the American Dark Star, just an absolute demon here.
And, of course, it goes without saying, but it's really great how they do this scene.
They show him unloading the gun first and he's like, yeah, get some, get some.
And then it cuts to show you that he's shooting, you know, women and children and retreating farmers.
And anyone who runs is a VC.
Anyone who stands still is a well-disciplined VC.
Tim Colceri is great in this scene.
And it's fascinating, too.
And again, self-evidence, as we talked about at the beginning, the prescience of Kubrick in this movie becoming popular with military members.
It's fascinating.
He was a Marine and then, you know, was willing to play this part.
You know, it may have understood that it was a stylized part and it was, you know, there's some suspension of disbelief there.
And this is a movie.
But he clearly, you know, didn't object to being portrayed as a psychopathic, demonic murderer.
And as we know, this shit like this absolutely did happen in Vietnam and absolutely did happen in Afghanistan and Iraq.
And there absolutely has been wanton, crazy door gunners throughout time.
And it's, you know, an interesting flip of Pyle, the way Pyle is indoctrinated with the blood cult of the American Dark Star and uses it to kill himself and kill his priest.
Just door gunner has absolutely been indoctrinated in the opposite way.
This is clearly the ideal Marine in a lot of ways.
This is the one who has grown completely beyond their control.
And, you know, there's no mission here.
He's literally ferrying two reporters from Da Nang to Hue.
Like, there's no reason to be doing what he's doing.
There's no directive.
But this is a soldier who acts without directives.
This is a Marine who has grown beyond the control of the bloodlust cult he has been initiated into.
And, yeah, it's just a great tiny little meme moment that ends up saying a whole lot.
Now we get to the scene, of course, where they meet up with the company approaching Hue.
And Joker's looking for Cowboy.
And they meet Cowboy's platoon commander.
And I love one of the recurring themes in this movie.
Everyone's impressed that they're reporters for Stars and Stripes.
Like, everyone wants to be famous.
Everyone, even in this world, these child soldiers, like, you're going to put me in the paper?
You're going to take my picture?
Wow.
And it obviously opens up all these doors for him.
But, again, he says, you know, if you want a story, it's your lucky day.
And goes on to say, we got condition read.
We're definitely expecting rain.
But we're still looking at getting some really good, high-quality kills here.
Again, it's a kind of stylized moment.
But it's getting close to just saying what we talked about at the beginning.
This is not a war movie in some ways.
It's a movie about a conquering, occupying force.
And you can see this is not him saying we're looking at some real quality kills.
This acknowledgement between these Marines, these child soldiers, that, like, this is a game.
It's a sport.
It's the same thing as Call of Duty.
This is Halo.
This is Call of Duty.
This is Warzone.
I'm looking at really, I'm going to get really great KD today.
I'm going to get 16 kills today.
I'm going to really rack up the numbers.
And, you know, it paints this picture, again, as not a war between two sides.
As one side encroaching and one side retreating and forming around them and ambushing and retreating and doing an endless cycle of that, obviously, until America eventually had to leave the country.
And not declare failure, but more or less, in the military campaign, at least.
But, well, they didn't really leave the country either or the region.
So, but anyway, it's a fascinating scene that really shows you the search and destroy, a.k.a. sweep and clear methodology and practice of the U.S. military.
And they're looking at getting some really good kills, which is obviously later echoed by Joker saying, I'm going to be the first kid on my block with a confirmed kill.
Really just coming out and saying the bloodlust that is inherently built into the politics of the American military and whatever they do, wherever they go.
You can only accomplish these things by brainwashing a bunch of child soldiers into wanting to get really good quality kills.
You know what I mean?
They would never, no one would ever agree to do this unless they had an incentive to, and their incentive here is clearly get kills.
And now we get to the massacre scene with the bodies covered in lime and Joker meeting the colonel, who asks him about the born to kill next to the peace sign.
And this is the whole Jungian thing, the duality of man, sir.
And it's so obviously just perfect writing that there's a pause after that.
And the colonel just says, whose side are you on, son?
Don't give me that shit.
This isn't complicated.
There's no duality.
Just fucking great writing and great performance.
And, you know, it's obvious, but just a great note that the thing he has a problem with is the peace sign.
It's not the born to kill.
It's why would you bring that into it?
Are you some kind of commie?
Get with the program.
Jump on the team.
I ask my Marines to obey my orders as they would the word of God.
That's all.
That's obviously, again, dark priest initiating them into this blood cult.
And, of course, inside every slur is an American trying to get out.
Just, again, a line with horrific prescience that has become adopted by American military, pro-military, pro-right-wing, pro-war hawk people.
It's become, you know, a terrible meme.
But it's, again, once again, self-evidently true of the truth of this movie.
And the idea of America and the American military as a bloodlusting conquering force training child soldiers to occupy, search and destroy, sweep and clear the parts of the world that we haven't conquered yet.
Now we get him, you know, meeting the cowboy and cowboy's company and animal mother and everybody.
And we get to the jolly green giants walking the earth with guns scene.
And it's kind of, you know, redundant.
And we've already talked about it.
But I think that that jolly green giants walking the earth is maybe the most powerful and central kind of image of this idea of the American Fourth Reich and how it is spreading this hell on earth.
Obviously, that combined with the Mickey Mouse hell on earth scene at the end of this is really coming out and seeing it.
It's really coming out and seeing what this force is.
It's the extension of the empire of violence, this arc of violence defining man.
And America is the Fourth Reich apex of it through the politics of violence.
It's fascism within liberalism.
Fascism underneath the surface of all these things.
It's all about conquest.
It's all about conquering and taking.
And as Kubrick talked about in Strangelove with Bat Guano, being conditioned to protect the sanctity of private property.
It's all about property and conquest and bloodlust is the motivation for these kids to do this.
It's the incentive for them to get to do it.
So, you know, the corporal saying, this is the greatest day of my life.
This is the greatest enemy I'll ever know.
I'm really going to miss when we rotate back to the world not having anybody to kill.
So that's, you know, obviously deeply ironic and stylized language and also totally earnest that they've trained us to be killers.
Here's the high level competition.
When we go back home, there's no good competition.
You know, it's like they're athletes.
They want to play against the best and beat the best.
And when they rotate back home, they're not going to have anybody to kill.
But yeah, it's just a great scene and obviously a great thoroughly drawn image of these child soldiers as jolly green giants walking the earth with guns.
This scene scored with another ironic pox song, Woolly Boolly.
And Kubrick really loved these like ridiculously stupid American songs as we see that.
And then after the shootout, the euphoria, as he talked about in the Kubrick archives, he used a bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, the word.
The bird is the word to, you know, soundtrack this, the euphoria of these kids getting their first kills.
And it's, you know, again, this movie may be the height of ironic Kubrick song usage.
And it's interesting to see Adam Baldwin, who, of course, later in life has become a big MAGA guy and a big outspoken right wing conservative guy.
Once again, perhaps Kubrick casting people to their aptitude of the material.
And perhaps continuing the trend we'll talk about in this series, but there is a long trend of actors getting convinced that they are the parts they play.
I mean, look no more.
You have to look no further than Jeff Bridges late in life deciding he's a cowboy, especially post whatever that fucking movie he did where he's a country singer.
Or really post true grit, I guess, with the Coen brothers.
And if actors decide they are the plates, the parts they play all the time.
You know, this is a rich kid from California who decided he's a cowboy late in life.
And Johnny Depp clearly has never recovered from being Captain Jack Sparrow.
He clearly decided he's a Keith Richards pirate for the rest of his life.
So I don't know, maybe Adam Baldwin decided he's Animal Mother.
And this story really clicked to him on that level.
Either way, though, it's a good performance.
And Animal Mother is an interesting character.
It's interesting he has I Am Become Death.
You know, they all have their little personal thing written on their helmet and it kind of adapts to their character.
And he's a little meme for their character.
And Animal Mother is almost like aspiring to be Door Gunner.
He's almost there's a little glimpse of humanity in him there at the end.
But he's he's like the guy who's trying to be the biggest beast.
And I always wonder about the name, too, of Animal Mother started out as Animal Fucker.
And Mother is like a, you know, a clean for the censors way around that or, you know, a little nod to it.
I don't know. Maybe Animal Mother is a thing.
Maybe I should probably have looked that up before I started talking about this.
But anyway, he's good in it.
Dorian Hare is very good as 8-Ball.
Obviously, what's his is?
Arliss Howard is, yeah, Cowboy.
He's they're all very good in it.
I didn't really need to say any of this, but they are.
Then we get to the birds, the word, the euphoria post-battle scene and the documentary crew filming them.
It's interesting that this scene, you know, really parallels the scene in Apocalypse Now when Martin Sheen first gets off the boat and Coppola is there as the documentary crew.
And he's like, just keep running.
Just look like you're fighting.
There's obviously an interesting theme of them, you know, between this documentary crew and the Joker working for Stars and Stripes in the newspaper editing room,
of them editing the public face and image of this war as it's happening in real time.
And literally in real time, as they're surviving a battle, they're already shooting the documentary that's, of course, you know, going to be about how heroic they are.
So it's an interesting theme throughout this movie and, again, applies to this idea of America and the Dark Star and America and the smiling public face
and the deep, dark face of bloodlust and child soldiers wreaking hell on Earth to appease the Dark Star and the American project and the arc of violence we represent as the apex in this Fourth Reich.
As we talked about all series, I'll keep mentioning it and saying it just for how much it keeps coming true, both in Kubrick's work and in the world around us since.
But, yeah, it's an interesting note that they're editing it as they go along.
And those are probably, I guess, in a way, the most stylized parts of the movie.
You know, they go down the line and Joker starts, is that you, John Wayne? Is this me?
And they all have their little line that's perfectly, you know, in that sense, we're almost out of the, it's almost surreal a little bit.
We're almost out of the reality of this movie for a second.
But then it's an interesting reversal when we see what the documentary crew is doing and they do the interviews.
It's an interesting and clever plot device to let the characters talk about themselves for a second,
to turn towards the camera and kind of show how they subjectively view the world.
And you see in each interview how each guy kind of views himself in the world.
Obviously, cowboys, like, there's something wrong in a country that has no horses.
Animal Mother says, you know, you're asking me, we're shooting the wrong Vietnamese, let's say.
Rafter Man is full of bluster and he's saying, you know, the air cab, those guys are pussy.
The Marines, you call Mother Green and a killing machine.
We're the real soldiers when, you know, he hasn't participated in a battle yet.
And then we see, of course, Joker, the scene of him saying, I wanted to be the first kid on my block with a confirmed kill.
It's this great, the way he plays it, you know, Matthew Modine is just great in this.
And obviously it's Kubrick and Michael Hare.
The writing is great.
But, you know, it starts off as being, I wanted to be all American.
I wanted to be Joe DiMaggio when I grow up.
And it ends with, I wanted to be the first kid with a confirmed kill on my block.
And they're all one and the same.
He plays it as this smiling, you know, American kid who, these were his big dreams.
And now he's here playing in the, it's almost like a sports, you know, like an interview after a baseball game or whatever.
When you interview the guy who hit the home run to won the game, Joker's, now he's here.
And it's an interesting, you know, just reflection of the innocence of childhood being perverted by the American military.
And by them being initiated into this cult of American bloodlust and conquest.
That that is wanting to be the first kid on your block with a confirmed kill is, you know, it's stylized.
And it's ironic from Kubrick.
And it's, you know, a little nod towards, you know, him saying I wanted to be the first kid on my block with a confirmed kill.
But this would be a real interview if he, you know, said I wanted to be the first kid on my block to defend America because I loved it after 9-11 or whatever.
You know what I mean?
If he had just done a little more covering up his actual incentive and his actual motivation, then we'd put it on the news.
Then it wouldn't be ironic or stylized whatsoever.
And he just has Joker just tell the truth there for a second.
And it's obviously one of the iconic lines of the movie and one of the defining lines of showing this idea of bloodlust.
So obviously we get into them advancing through Hue and advancing the targets south of the Perfume River, I believe.
I can't remember if I have that right.
I get a lot of stuff wrong in these podcasts.
It's okay.
And I won't, you know, there's not a lot to break down about these battle scenes besides, you know, the specific plot action.
But it is interesting that there's a note, you know, they get lost.
They get, uh, Cowboy gets shot through when he's looking around the corner because he doesn't realize there's a big, he has a blind spot behind him and there's a big place where a sniper could see him.
Uh, their plan is bad.
Once the guy gets shot, the sniper shoots him.
They keep sending in other people for the sniper to shoot him.
And that was, of course, I guess a real Viet Cong tactic and a real thing that people have done throughout time is the sniper, the first shot is to wound.
So people come help him and then you kill the people that come help him.
Uh, but point being, they get lost.
They get, they put themselves in a bad position.
They get shot, uh, through places where they aren't, you know, aware, aware enough to recognize, you know, vulnerable spots.
Point is they're bad at everything besides killing.
I think there's a commentary there that, uh, and, you know, obviously that extends to being about the Vietnam War and the way, you know, VC rebels, uh, held their own against the much better funded.
Much, much, uh, bigger and badder and scarier opponent.
Uh, they were, you know, in theory, lightweights fighting against a big, super heavyweight in America and they held their own.
And, and I guess there's, you know, just the idea here that they've only been trained to kill.
They've only been trained in bloodlust.
The other parts of war, they're not, they're not as good at.
Um, so that's interesting to see.
And it's interesting, you know, once the, the first and then second, uh, platoon leaders died and then, uh, cowboy takes over.
Really the whole last 30 minutes of the movie are this big, long action scene.
Uh, in a way that I, I, it's kind of doesn't happen in any other Kubrick movie as far as I know.
There's not one, like, 30 minute set piece.
But the whole point is it's all leading up to Joker and the kill.
The inevitable kill or, or the question is, is it inevitable?
Uh, but the inevitable being put in the position to make the kill.
The kill he has been trained for, the kill he has been told, uh, was the thing he wanted.
He wanted to be the first kid on his block with a confirmed kill and take that news back home and be celebrated by America.
And this, the cult of bloodlust and conquest that it represents.
And, uh, it's interesting that we're, you know, this whole last 30 minutes is we're on a conveyor belt towards that kill.
And, uh, so there's not a ton to talk about with, you know, the plot and, and, uh, of these action scenes rather than the action that happens.
And I won't get into it, uh, but people, Kubrick fans all obviously know this movie was shot in London and they really did a great job.
These, these, the sniper scene and the scene, the battle scenes in Hue are all done at this London gas works that was like dilapidated and abandoned that they, uh, dressed to be Vietnam.
Um, and they do a great job and Kubrick's always really great with, even back sent to, uh, um, the killing.
He's always been very good with like spatial action and action blocking and choreography.
And the, the lone sniper being in the big black building that's, you know, kind of covered in ashen suit, uh, looks like kind of burned out.
Um, you can't see where the sniper is.
So it's this great kind of final boss up there.
And of course, as we, as we get to, and we'll get to in the ending.
And as we learned the final boss is a 13 year old Vietnamese girl.
It's another child soldier from the other side of the world.
And then we have here, uh, the death of cowboy and it's, it's well done again in a movie that has these larger themes.
And it is painting a picture of these, these child soldiers brainwashed into the cult of American bloodlust.
Um, it does take the time to focus on the human cost at times and to focus on these guys and treat them with a little bit of, uh, of earnest sympathy.
And, and, uh, cowboy's death is sad.
It's, it's, it's really well performed by Arliss Howard and the appropriate death for the child soldier of him just saying, I can hack it.
I can hack it.
And then dying, uh, and them all just kind of standing around looking and being shocked by it.
And then that being the fuel to motivate joke to be like, okay, let's go.
I'm going to follow animal mother into this hellish nightmare and I'm going to go get my kill.
And again, in him, uh, looking to go get that kill, obviously we get to the scene where they invade the factory and, uh, look for the sniper in leading up to this final, uh, ultimate scene.
Uh, but it's interesting to go back and talk about what we talked on the intro of this kind of not being a war movie, that the climax isn't a big battle.
It's these, it's this final boss thing.
It's this, there's this sniper high up at the high level of this, you know, uh, uh, assumedly, uh, uh, uh, in a well defended.
Well guarded position in there.
They're picking us off one by one.
And like we said, of course, the final boss turns out to be another child soldier and specifically a 13 year old girl, a very young girl who's sniping with an AK, which is wild.
She's just good enough that I guess she's been trained well enough, uh, to defend herself with that and to, to fight.
And she's obviously alone.
She's making a completely misguided last stand here.
But again, just the idea that this isn't a normal war movie.
It, it, it doesn't climax with, uh, you know, Willem Dafoe being torn to pieces by bullets in a field and the helicopter lifting away.
It doesn't climax with a battle at all.
It's a one-on-one thing or more accurately two-on-one as of course Rafter Man gets his kill here too.
And it's great that Rafter Man, he's the more, uh, uh, um, braggadocious one.
He's the one who's more desperate to impress.
You know, he's the one that's all about Mother Green and her killing machine.
He's the one who really wants to come off as a tough guy.
And he gets the first shot in but doesn't kill her.
You know, so he gets the glory of the violence and the glory of feeling like a killer without the actual, you know, uh, moral weight of pulling the trigger as she's lying there saying, kill me as Joker does.
You know, there's a great, like we talked about the duality between Rafter Man and Joker.
He gets to not deal with this duality.
He, Rafter Man, he gets to, uh, have, you know, he's, did you see that?
I got her.
I got her.
You know, whereas, uh, Joker.
Is dealing with this duality much more.
But of course, they end up at the same place.
You know, it may be horrific and scary in the moment.
But it's almost played like, you know, popping your cherry as a killer.
It's almost like a thing that's scary.
Everyone talks about who's going to get the first, who's going to be the first one.
You know, lose their virginity.
Who's going to be the first one to get laid.
And who's going to be the first one out of our, our friend group to, to get their first confirmed kill.
And Joker wanting it to be him.
But then in the moment, it's scary and panic.
But then he does it.
And obviously, then we get into the final scene of Mickey Mouse, Hell on Earth.
And by that time, presumably, you know, maybe that night, you see him smile.
You see him be like, hey, we did it, boys.
It was scary, but we did it.
And he got his kill.
And now in this Mickey Mouse, Hell on Earth scene, which we've talked a lot about already.
I'll try not to, you know, repeat.
But we see him fully initiated into the blood cult, fully initiated into being a killer grown beyond their control.
Fully, fully committed to the Dark Star.
He's full.
He's now a killer.
They've taken an innocent child and made him a killer.
And of course, you know, it doesn't matter that his kill is, he kills a 13-year-old girl begging him to kill her.
In a way, that's almost better because it's harder.
It doesn't matter that it's not a glorious kill against, you know, a fellow warrior, a fellow high-level opponent.
Or it's not a kill done in battle to protect your friends.
It's this really brutal, you know, sending her out of this world because she's in so much pain.
And in a way, that's almost better to initiate him into the blood cult.
That's almost a more, because we talked about it.
It's all about burning off the human parts of you and learning to love the Dark Star.
And we see that reflected in Joker.
They take an innocent child and turn him into a killer.
And along with all his fellow child soldiers, they march through the hell on earth they create as they sing their Nazi fascist Mickey Mouse theme song.
And so you can see the ending here clearly culminating lots of years of themes and ideas with Kubrick.
And just a perfect image again of America's The Fourth Reich extending the arc of mankind's violence, extending it, becoming the apex of it, perfecting it, and getting away with it.
And spreading hell on earth with the smiling Mickey Mouse face.
And then, of course, as we talked about in the intro, credits roll into Paint It Black.
So, of course, it's like we go from one side, the ironic presentation of this Fourth Reich child soldier, American dark star hell, into the other side, the kind of earnest.
Obviously, there's a level of irony built into using a song metaphorically and symbolically like that.
But this kind of earnest recapitulation of this message from Kubrick with Paint It Black and telling you, you know, I want to, America wants to see the sun blotted out from the sky.
America wants, when they see a red door, they want to paint it black.
They want to paint this world black because of the evil and darkness from within.
And like we talked about, if that was intended to be a coda for Kubrick's career or ever even conceived as such, even if it wasn't intended to go from American child soldiers singing their fascist Mickey Mouse theme song,
marching through hell on earth into Paint It Black and its anthemic declaration of war upon all things, alive or good or holy by America and the American dark star.
Well, we're getting a pretty good image of America through Kubrick's work.
And if that was intended to be the last image, I think we can understand how he felt about America, why he left and why he never came back.
So, you know, I usually like to do an outro to kind of wrap things up, but we've been going for a long time and I don't have much more to say about this movie other than just briefly touching on the title.
It will be obvious to many of you.
But of course, full metal jacket is a reference to, you know, a piece of plot data that Gomer Pyle references.
He has full metal jacket ammunition in the magazine, locked and loaded right before he kills himself and he shoots himself with a full metal jacket.
It also obviously just sounds cool.
It's a cool military technical term you can use.
But also, of course, full metal jacket is a type of ammunition.
It is basically a projectile of a soft core, usually lead, surrounded by an outer jacket of harder metal.
And obviously, you can see the metaphor there from the title extending to the idea of building a hard jacket around yourself of metal.
The same way the children, the soft core, the innocent child needs to be baptized in blood to make him born again hard so he can go out and kill as a full metal jacket himself.
We can see up to this point in this series the idea of America being built atop a river of blood, being built atop the bones of genocide, starting with The Shining, being sworn in loyalty to this power structure of the Dark Star and extending this arc of violence.
And we can see America ending in its violence caused only by self-delusion and paranoia and strange love.
And now here we see how that violence gets accomplished in full metal jacket by brainwashing and diluting and conditioning generations upon generations of child soldiers into believing in the cult of American bloodlust and American conquest.
And swearing an oath of loyalty to paint the world black in the image of the American Dark Star.
And next time in episode four, we're going to see how Kubrick ties those all together and tries to paint a picture of the true face of power, the true highest echelons of power in this world.
And specifically in this country of America with Eyes Wide Shut for episode four.
So thank you for your time. See you next time.
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday.
I will never forget this day.
The day I came to Way City and fought one million NVA gooks.
I love the little clubby bastards, man.
I really do.
These enemy grunts are as hard as slant-eyed drill instructors.
These are great days for living bros.
We are jolly green giants walking the earth with guns.
We are jolly green giants walking the earth with guns.
And everything we lovely blake from the country who cooked in the culture.
Hope you like.
We are just a mmodic golf.
ificar thing I call kid howhar we want.
We are great ladies for duty.
Once you are in a bit of a car boy.
Could've unbeansd
We'll see you next time.
