As we walked along the flat block marina, I was calm on the outside, but thinking all the time.
So now it was to be Georgie the General, saying what we should do and what not to do,
and dim as his mindless, gritty bulldog.
But suddenly I vidded that thinking was for the gloopy ones,
and that the only ones used like inspiration and what bogs ends.
And now it was lovely music that came to my head.
So
Hello, back again. Episode 6 of the Judge Movies podcast.
And today to start out, I want to tell you about the best tweet I ever did.
The only tweet I ever did that approached a level of art or profundity.
I tweeted a picture of one John F. Kennedy, at the time the president, of course,
talking to one Alan Dolis, presumably at the time still the head of the CIA, before Kennedy fired him.
And in the picture, Kennedy is saying something to Dolis, and you can tell Dolis is a little bit unhappy with what he's hearing.
The caption I used for this picture was,
But suddenly I vidded. The thinking was for the gloopy ones.
And the omni ones used like inspiration and what bog sins.
And of course, I know the word in the script in the original novel is omni, O-O-M-N-E-Y.
The future, the drugish future nadzat slang, is that the correct term?
Yeah, yeah.
For clever.
But I originally heard it as omni, O-M-N-I, as a shortening of omnipotent.
And perhaps that perhaps intended misreading led me to a far greater understanding,
and that's why that tweet is the best I ever did.
As we talked about in this series, the omni ones are the ones that understand this concept
we've been talking about for this whole Kubrick series, this whole overarching theme,
that mankind and all his systems of power and institutions have always and will always be defined by violence.
That violence is eternally the bottom line.
And violence is our greatest tool to be used for our divine purpose,
to impose our will upon this universe and take what we want, when we want, and kill whoever gets in the way.
So in that picture, it looks like a moment of divine, violent, omni-one inspiration for Dulles
when he remembers, oh yeah, we can just kill him.
So if we're talking omni-ones, and we're talking about a society that appears enlightened,
and liberal on the surface, and contains a cold, violent, mechanical brutality within, of course,
today we are talking about, from 1971, Stanley Kubrick's insanely ambitious and revolutionary portrait
of this arc of ultraviolence, A Clockwork Orange.
And if we're going to talk about omni-ones, the ones who heed this divine call to violence,
and understand that as the bottom line, and we're going to start with Dulles and JFK,
and we're going to talk about fascism within neoliberalism as the Fourth Reich,
the politics of violence flourishing and defining this neoliberal capitalist world that won the war that we all live in.
Well, who better to talk to than my brother, creator and host of Death is Just Around the Corner,
Michael Judge.
Michael, how are you?
I'm great.
Yeah, this is my job now.
Yes.
Yeah, thank you for having me on.
I'm excited to do this.
Thank you for coming on.
Thank you for finally having a professional here who knows what he's doing and is good at this.
Hopefully this will be a much better episode with you here.
So, yeah.
Obviously, there's a ton to talk about with this movie,
and a ton I want to get into with the kind of the themes of this series.
But I guess before I just start ranting, I want to kind of open it up to you and talk about, you know,
how this movie came to you and what it means to you and what it kind of signifies to you.
So what do you think about A Clockwork Orange?
A Clockwork Orange was a movie that, I mean, I've probably seen a dozen times, maybe more than that.
And the first few times I saw it, probably for, you know, as for most people the first few times,
it's just, you know, it's cool and it's got memorable lines and it looks crazy.
And I think, let's see, how should I approach this in two ways?
So, number one, I think with Kubrick, maybe more than any other artist I can think of,
you have to take the reaction he expects from his audience as part of the movie.
Yeah, absolutely.
Because Kubrick was such an expert at knowing how to get at people one way
and then slip something completely different into that.
Exactly. I've been talking about the plot, melody, chords.
Right, exactly.
He always tells you one story and shows you another.
And I think, you know, it's fascinating and also fucking grim to me
that Clockwork Orange has become his most sort of memed movie.
Exactly.
You know, the movie you would see the most screenshots from back in like the Tumblr days and shit.
Yeah.
Because obviously that's treating it on just the shallowest possible aesthetic level, right?
And I think that in many ways is also what the movie is about.
It is about a stage of social evolution in which aesthetics are the only thing left.
Yeah.
We can't have anything else.
And it's not just, you know, Alex being a dandy or whatever, people having pink hair.
It's also that the people who, you know, quote unquote, treat him, the people who want to imprison him and reprogram his brain,
all they have is aesthetics too.
Yeah.
Because they're not really against violence.
They use violence every goddamn day.
It's just certain kinds of violence that they find distasteful.
And I think there's a very interesting political thing going on here in that there's this famous quote by Walter Benjamin
that fascism is the aestheticization of politics.
That I don't think that fully applies in every situation.
But basically that fascism is what you get when politics ceases to be about how are we going to run a society for the greater benefit of the people who live in it.
And it reduces politics to a series of purely aesthetic gestures.
And I think that fits perfectly with A Clockwork Orange because what really interested me watching it this time was thinking,
okay, this is Kubrick's first explicitly British movie.
Yeah.
And, you know, that he's been making movies in Britain for a while at that point, but none of them are about England.
So why make this about England?
And if you look at the kind of, you know, the beat boom that turns into the British invasion and psychedelia and all that and ask, where did that come from?
Why London?
Why then?
Well, for the 20, 25 years or so after the end of World War II, England was basically a social democratic welfare state.
You know, the government of Clement Attlee came in after the war and essentially admitted like, yeah, okay, we're going to have to give some concessions to socialism and build up an actual social safety net because we don't want people becoming, you know, pro-Soviet, defecting, propagandizing, whatever.
And then in the late 60s, there is this violent turn that begins away from that.
And so all of these artists who have been able to live and become artists for the last 25, 30 years, you know, that's how they were able to do it because they had this fucking welfare state underneath.
Yeah.
I mean, I remember talking to the great writer Ian Sinclair about how he lived in London in the late 60s.
And he said, I bought a piece of shit house for a thousand pounds and fixed it up.
And it's now, you know, worth a million pounds and is in one of the most posh districts of London.
And there were just enough programs like, you know, free food, places for squatters to sleep, monthly pensions and dole allowances and unemployment that back then, mid, late 60s, you could live.
If you didn't mind being poor, you could live and survive as an artist and just do whatever you wanted, essentially.
And then in the late 60s, we get the beginnings of this violent backlash, first about primarily immigration, about all these people from, you know, the colonies of the British Empire being told, you know, you're British, this is Britain their entire lives.
And so they start showing up in London going, yeah, we're British, right?
And it turns out the answer is like, well, that's not really what we meant.
Yeah. And so you get all these Pakistanis, for example, lots of people from India and the breakaway states that were carved out of India.
Lots of people from the West Indies, the Caribbean, Jamaica in particular.
And this starts a very violent wave of right wing reaction of which the sort of figurehead at that time was this guy named Enoch Powell, who incidentally is still Eric Clapton's favorite politician.
Of course.
Enoch Powell.
The bastard of buildings.
Yeah, the bastard of buildings. He has to be.
Enoch Powell made a famous speech in which he said, I can't remember the precise wording, but it was something very much like, you know, if England doesn't drastically change its immigration policy, the streets of London will run red with rivers of blood.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And it's this sort of swing back to the right that over the course of the 70s leads to more and more dismantling of the welfare state and eventually culminates in Margaret Thatcher.
Yeah.
And Margaret Thatcher, if you need someone to define neoliberalism, she's the one who does it in two sentences.
And one of those is referring to, you know, the neoliberal project, very simply, there is no alternative.
And the other one, my favorite Thatcher quote of all time, there is no such thing as society.
No, perfect.
And yeah. And so now you have this generation of young and maybe, you know, approaching middle aged English people who have been raised to have these very, very specific aesthetic codes.
They really know what they think is cool and they really know what they think is lame.
And then you take the welfare state that enabled them to live those kinds of lives and you rip it out from under their feet completely.
And so now all they have are aesthetic judgments.
Yeah.
There's no morality.
There's no politics.
There's no economics.
There's nothing spiritual about it.
They just know what is cool and what isn't cool.
And they lead their entire lives upon the premise of, like Benjamin said, politics becoming aesthetics.
That if all you have are these, you know, sort of not even value judgments, but just personal sort of likes and dislikes and peccadillos and they don't relate to anything really.
Then, you know, why not beat an old Irish man to death in the street?
He's gross.
Yeah.
We don't like him.
He's nasty.
I could never, I could never stand to hear one of those old drunkies bawling away at the songs of his forefathers.
You know, it's like if that's the only guiding light you have, then yeah, of course, of course you would try to break this fucking skull.
Yeah.
And, and I think in, in, in a sense, this sort of makes A Clockwork Orange a sequel to 2001.
Mm-hmm.
Because in 2001.
Um, I actually had never thought of this until I heard your show about it, but you could make the argument that the last part of 2001 wasn't supposed to happen.
Mm-hmm.
That, you know, the, the goal of the, the, um, the deep space mission was to have Hal 9000 get rid of those people and, and eventually pursue his, uh, his programming as far as he possibly could.
Yeah.
Right?
Yeah.
And instead, Hal gets, uh, decommissioned and it's the astronaut who goes through that gate and becomes the star child.
But implicitly, what they originally meant to do was not to send a human.
It was to send technology.
Yeah.
They wanted technology to become, you know, the next great cosmic force in evolution.
They weren't trying to build a star that was a person.
They were trying to build a star that was technology.
Yeah.
And in, in this, in Clockwork Orange, you can argue that's sort of what they've done.
Yeah.
They, they have, they have built this new organism that functions entirely on a set of programmed in, you know, algorithmic judgments.
They, they are under the impression that they can control the entire world with just this, you know, list of yes, no judgments that they, uh, they instill, uh, into us through technology.
And I think it's very interesting that when you put all this together, you look at all the, the public spaces they go to and, in Clockwork Orange and everything that is like humanly useful for a decent society is fucking crumbling and disgusting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm, it's, it's, you know, these apartment buildings with fucking dicks drawn on the pseudo Roman frescoes and shit.
And, you know, there's a car seat in there.
And one of the grimest little touches when Alex goes home for the first time, there's just a bra hanging off the staircase.
Yeah.
Like, oh, something bad happened there.
Um, and then you get into these people's apartments and they're these absurdly posh, you know, stylish mod apartments.
And so I think what we are implicitly seeing here is the destruction of a welfare state where anyone could live decently.
But in exchange for that, you get to buy anything you want and, and be as aesthetic as you want, as stylish as you want.
And the same thing with, um, Billy boy and his gang in, in the theater, you know, that theater is fucking wrecked.
And then you look at the public spaces that are in good shape and they are prisons and, and experimental medical facilities.
Yeah.
So clearly the state has decided, oh, right.
We can just, um, we can tear out anything that actually helps run a society.
And instead we can focus our efforts on, um, providing this generation of esthetes with the consumer goods that make them happy.
And all the real money is, uh, going to go into things like prisons.
And, and there's a quote I wanted to get down.
Yeah.
Um, when the, the minister of the interior later at the prison chooses Alex from out of the line for the Ludovico technique.
Um, he says something about overcrowding in prisons and the, the prison, um, oh, they don't call him the warden and they call him the governor in, in, in, in England.
He says, well, that's right.
We need more money for more prisons.
And the minister goes, not a chance, my dear fellow.
Oh, the government can't be concerned any longer without moated penological theories.
Soon we may need all our prison space for political offenders.
Common criminals like these are best dealt with on a purely curative basis.
Which is to say like, well, if we can't fix them with the Ludovico technique, we're just going to shoot them in the head and throw them in the river.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, so the, there is this, you know, booming prison industrial state, but it's not even the kind of prisons that we have now.
It's, we need to keep building prisoners because we've completely destroyed society.
And so people are becoming more and more fucking feral and rabid and insane.
And we're going to need vast complexes to house just the political prisoners, you know, let alone the murderers.
And, and I think in, in that sense, it's, it's really about the, you know, fascism as the aestheticization of politics and, and sort of a 2001 sequel in that this is what happens when, instead of, you know, creating the star child.
If, if, if Hal had gone through the gate and met the monolith, this is what happens to a world that is run completely by technocratic systems that have absolutely no interest in actual human beings.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that's, well, this, that's why I had you on folks.
He's, he's very good at this, but that leads me to a ton that I want to say.
And that, of course, as I'll get to in the commentary, you know, of course, this movie opens up, it answers the question of the star child's eyes at the end of 2001 with Alex's eyes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, you said so much fascinating, but the, the idea of, of fascism as the aesthetic, aestheticization, is that the right way to say it?
Aestheticization.
Fascism as the aestheticization of politics, that's the perfect place to start here with Clockwork Orange.
And what you said at the beginning about this being his most memed movie, it's absolutely true and often kind of reprehensible.
Yeah.
I think it's, in a lot of ways, his most, along with Eyes Wide Shut, but his most misunderstood and misremembered movie.
Yeah.
People remember it as if it's like, you know, a fucking Godard movie or something.
Yeah.
Even on.
It's about young people being cool.
Even on the DVD I had, there's these Kubrick historians who talk about, they literally call it the ultimate youth movie.
Kubrick's youth movie.
It's about youth and rebellion and the violence of youth, which says something for a bunch of, again, British people raised in the right.
Yeah.
It's sort of true in a way.
But, yeah, but you can see if, you know, if this movie doesn't make sense to you, like you were talking about the first time, it appears just stylish and obviously cool and very stylish.
And, again, very aesthetically interesting and revolutionary, but almost borderline, like, irresponsible from Kubrick.
Borderline, irresponsible picture of grotesque violence.
I think the easiest way to understand this movie is to just start with the simple idea that Alex is a fascist.
Alex is a, he's a fascist because he's an omni one.
It's not just a movie about violence and the chaos and rebelliousness of youth.
It is specifically a movie about a fascist who is an omni one.
Yeah, it's the omni ones at every level of society because, you know, people can climb the ladder and he is an omni one just like the minister of the interior is an omni one.
Exactly.
And I remember having this exact argument way back a long time ago when I occasionally wrote for this film magazine.
Inglourious Bastards came out and this dude wrote a shitty ass review of it saying, saying like, Tarantino's violence is killing his films.
And which is like, have you ever seen any of the other ones?
Yeah.
And he compared it to Clockwork Orange and I wrote a response to that.
And to be fair, at the time, I didn't like Inglourious Bastards that much.
So I wouldn't say it exactly the same way now.
But making the point that like, no, Tarantino is what you think a Clockwork Orange is.
Absolutely.
Which is just a bunch of stylized violence for no actual reason.
That doesn't, it's not really about anything.
It's just kind of like, you know, watch these cool, weird looking people do freaky shit for a while.
It's a revenge violence fantasy and it's just pointed at the right people.
Yeah, I think it's like the opposite of Death Wish.
Yeah.
You know?
And I think in talking about Kubrick foreseeing the reaction to his own films, I think if you were to say that to Kubrick, he would have thought like, got your ass.
Yeah.
Because if that's all you see, then you're one of them.
Exactly.
Yeah.
And the whole idea of the aestheticization of politics as fascism, you know, you can see this entire idea in Alex as a fascist from the title, of course, A Clockwork Orange.
It's working immediately on the Kubrick melody chords dynamic.
You know, the idea of a world that appears natural and organic on the outside and is really built on a cold mechanical power structure within.
So, like, yeah, you can, the people who respond to this movie just by speaking like droogs and dressing up like Alex at Christmas, you know, and see this movie as just, you know, a story of youth and violence and ultraviolence and rebellion.
Again, that would be almost like borderline irresponsible from Kubrick and they're missing the point of what the clockwork orange is.
And, of course, as we've talked about and as you've talked about endlessly on your show, that is the idea of the Fourth Reich.
And now I'm using this idea, I obviously stole it from you and your show, and I'm using it basically loosely, but to describe fascism extending on and flourishing within neoliberalism.
And again, using the term fascism loosely to mean the politics of violence, the politics, like all of our systems of who got elected, who voted, who protested.
All of that, again, goes back to the Omni-1 bottom line of violence.
Kill who you want and take what you want.
That's the idea of the Fourth Reich.
And that's the idea here of a clockwork orange, a society that on the outside appears in aesthetics, liberal, edified, sophisticated, enlightened, much like Barry Lyndon, which we'll talk about in that episode.
But on the outside appears to be sophisticated and enlightened, on the inside contains all of the Omni-1 violence of fascism.
That same arc of violence that has defined mankind throughout time.
I think one of the funniest little things to track across the movie is how the respectable adults dress every time they appear.
Because, you know, by the end of the movie, fucking Alex's mother is wearing like a red vinyl jumper and like a floppy newsboy hat.
Like all of these old people are obsessed with still looking cool.
Yeah, absolutely.
Because that's all they have.
Because they've realized, well, if politics is just aesthetics, then my job isn't to pass policy or change anything.
My job is to be cool for votes, which might remind you of a few recent presidents in American history.
And the clockwork orange thing, too, that's part of where I take the idea that this is sort of a sequel to 2001.
In that it is about the presumption that you can take something from the natural world and you can stuff all these technocratic and technological systems into it and control it and make it work the right way forever.
You know, you can just leave it running and it'll never do anything wrong.
And I think maybe, I don't know about the major theme, but one of the major themes of all of Kubrick's work is those systems breaking.
Yeah.
You know, from the radio discriminator circuit in Strange Love to obviously everything that happens in this to Hal in 2001 to the systematic dehumanization of fucking children
in both The Shining and in a different way in Full Metal Jacket and the cracks at the edge of elite society and Eyes Wide Shut that if you look a little too hard at, like you might be in trouble.
Yeah.
You know, that to me is one of Kubrick's and actually Pinchons.
This is one way I really see them together is that the 20th century was about the completely wrong idea that we can systematize and technologize all of our problems out of existence.
And that inevitably, the more we concentrate on that, the more the other problems get worse and worse and worse.
And, you know, now we're at a point where the guy who says he's going to colonize Mars is having to sell off his Tesla stock because it's, you know, fucking cratering.
Like it couldn't, Stanley would have enjoyed this, I think.
Absolutely.
As I talked about in the 2001 episode, you don't have to look far to see us losing our control to Hal.
You don't have to look far to see us creating a future where the only jobs are keeping Hal running.
Yeah, and I think specifically like now, you know, to be in the 2020s talking about this, what's terrifying is it's not like, you know, Hal is taking over and everybody is trying to destroy it and stop it.
People are tweeting at Elon Musk going like, can I have Hal?
I would really like Hal.
He would fix my whole life.
Well, and so that idea, like you said, of trying to stuff these systems into what should be organic and natural human life.
You know, we see that in the title go down to, again, the Fourth Reich fascism within liberalism.
Of course, we see that within Alex, too.
Alex becomes the clockwork orange as they stuff him.
Yeah, absolutely.
The Ludovico technique.
And of course, Kubrick was very interested in, you know, a story about free will and a story about, you know, even if you take away the free will of a fascist violent monster, is that, you know, what's worse?
What is the liberal state imposing their will upon a human being being able to take away the soul of even the worst human being there is?
And so, yeah, go ahead.
Oh, no, I was just going to say, I think the Ludovico sequence really got me this time for reasons I'll talk about later.
But I also think one of the things that's worth thinking about for this movie is, you know, it's often presented as like, here's the natural guy.
And then they do the unnatural thing to him.
Yeah.
Well, he was already unnatural.
I mean, how do you think he got to be that way?
Yeah.
You know, because the social and political system he grew up in, which is clearly, you know, a crumbling socialist state being taken from the right.
You know, the interior minister is constantly talking about how his government promised that they would stop crime.
Yeah.
And at the little demonstration of the Ludovico technique, one of the other government ministers leans over to him and says, you know, you've got a lot riding on this right now.
And he says, well, if the polls are accurate, we can't really fall any further.
Yeah.
Like, this is a guy who clearly his government has swept in, much like Thatcher's government, on the promise to, you know, destroy criminals and make England clean and safe again.
And so it's like, yeah, the Ludovico technique is one kind of brainwashing.
But everybody in this movie has spent his or her entire life being brainwashed in other ways.
It's just the Ludovico is the most obvious one.
Yeah.
And you can see along with that, that through Alex's life, as much as you've already said, but neoliberalism has failed him.
He lives in a shitty, dilapidated public housing block.
He's a burnout and a dropout at school.
He's got no future.
And much like I talked about in 2001, you know, the ape discovering violence, that was the way we became mankind.
And that was violence was the tool to even the playing field with God.
So we could impose our will upon nature.
Well, here we see with Alex, once again, like you talked about the British shift to the right, you know, in the 60s and 70s, like fascism and violence is his way to even the playing field.
Even though he's a poor, abused kid and neoliberalism has failed him and there are, you know, his parents work shitty, dead-end factory jobs.
That's all that's going to be left for him.
And he's probably going to spend the rest of his life in jail, as we see.
He's got no future in this neoliberal world.
Well, fascism and violence evens the playing field for him because he's an omni-one.
That's how he can express it.
So that's from the title down to a clock recording.
Again, if you, this movie doesn't make sense to you or you're like, think it's, again, like in Glorious Bastards, like borderline irresponsible picture of violence.
You can really see Kubrick elevating the melody chords dynamic to show that this is the future of the Western world.
It's a smiling, sophisticated, democratic, neoliberal facade hiding the true power underneath the mechanisms of fascism and the politics of violence.
Yeah, and did you notice in the scene where they're all walking along the marina waterfront and then he attacks Georgie and Dem,
that when, when Dem is, he's in the water and Alex gestures out to him, like, you know, come back, I'll help you out.
And then pulls that knife out of his cane and cuts his hand.
The scene of Alex, like jumping with his cane and landing on the edge of the marina is so much like the scenes of one of the apes at the beginning of 2001 with the bone.
Yes, yes. And that exact scene, I made a note later too, once again, Kubrick flips it around when Alex is beat up by the stage actor.
There's a scene looking up when the stage actor, you know, makes him lick his boot after the Ludovico technique.
It's like reversed and now we see, you know, the weapon of the liberal state doing the same thing.
But yeah, in that moment, I want to get into it, but that is where the Suddenly I Vitted speech, the Alan Dulles speech I said at the beginning,
that it's from that scene, of course, and he gets this divine omni inspiration.
So I want to talk, obviously, I've talked about omni ones this whole series.
I want to talk with you about the idea of omni ones.
Like we said, you know, they're the people that understand the bottom line of violence and they understand there's no greater loyalty or allegiance than heeding the call to power and heeding the call to violence.
I think Alex really makes the mission statement of the omni ones when he addresses his fellow fascist droogs and says,
have you not everything you need?
If you need a motor car, you pluck it from the trees.
If you need pretty poly, you take it.
Like that is the philosophy and core of the omni ones.
So, yeah, I think this is that scene particularly, that shot of Alex smiling, reaching his hand out, jumping up and down, and then it's the knife and he cuts Dim's hand.
That's, to me, the smiling face of the Fourth Reich.
That's what I see.
And this goes along with this idea of the Clockwork Orange.
This is what I want to talk about with you, too, of the way this world we live in, you know, because the Fourth Reich can sound so dramatic.
Although, as you're uncovering in your show, there are actually some literal people from the Third Reich in it.
It's not that dramatic.
Yeah, exactly.
It's not far-fetched whatsoever.
But the idea of it, you know, sounds dramatic.
But to me, that's what's really important to understand.
And that's what this movie is about, is about our world has a smiling neoliberal facade that's supposed to be sophisticated and enlightened and really contains the politics of violence, fascism within.
So, it creates a schismed reality.
It creates a reality where we're all, much like Kubrick's work, like you said, I think, and I've said on this series, I think there are a lot of times he would laugh while he's rolling in his grave if he could see where we are today.
But the idea of a schismed reality where you know what they're telling you on the surface is not truly what's really happening, you know?
Yeah.
And, you know, the idea of the Fourth Reich, I mean, if people know my show, they'll know this.
But it's not just that, you know, there were tons of literal Nazis incorporated into the American national security state and military and, you know, our imperialist projects.
It is, of course, that.
That's important.
But, you know, there's fallout from the end of any collapsing regime, right?
Yeah.
What's important about the Nazis in particular is that we did not, and I think it's very clear from the top levels of government, we did not ever particularly perceive Nazism as a political threat.
Yeah.
We didn't really have a problem with it.
We had a problem with it fucking up the money.
Yes.
And the same people who would, you know, later go on to be celebrated as heroes for defeating Hitler are people like the Dulles Brothers who funded his rise to power.
People like the Dulles Brothers who were, you know, the American legal counsel for IG Farben and who, after the war was over, saw a superb opportunity to take all the techniques, all the machinations of Nazism and simply adopt them into global capitalism and what would, you know, over the next 30 years or so become neoliberalism.
Neoliberalism.
It's that we do all the same shit.
We just do it a little more out of frame.
Yeah.
We learn to not say the quiet part out loud.
We learn to.
Yeah.
We don't brag about it as much.
And I think seeing Alex's, you know, the funny thing is you can talk about Alex's evolution as a character.
He really doesn't evolve as a character at all.
He's the exact same guy.
But at the beginning of the movie, he's, you know, a street hoodlum.
And then in the middle of the movie, he's an example of, you know, successful crime deterrence techniques.
And then by the end of the movie, he's he's the best friend of the interior minister who is going to give him anything he wants, essentially not to rat on how they torture him.
And I think seeing that same kind of progress is important because if you look at someone like, you know, the Dulles family, well, their grandfather, grandfather or great grandfather, I'm not sure.
Foster was the guy who stole Hawaii for the United States and his money through various industrial concerns ends up becoming Wall Street and banker money with the generation of Alice and Alice Allen and John Foster Dulles.
And it is the intelligence contacts and corporate contacts they make on Wall Street that allows them to slip seamlessly into the CIA.
And a lot of the people they had their most remunerative contacts with were Nazis.
And they were not only helping fund and supply Nazis all through the war, they were also helping them escape.
You know, Alan Dulles tried to fucking broker a peace deal with the SS where Germany would surrender, but it would be allowed to keep all of its land.
There would there be no more war if only they would replace Hitler with the SS because he liked those guys.
He understood how they thought.
And this movement of, you know, what the Omni Ones means in any given generation, these people just slip from role to role.
Because what it's ultimately about, as you say, is having the, not just the will, but the complete, you know, sociopathy to get whatever you want for any reason at any time.
And also to understand in any given era how you can best apply yourself to that goal.
So, you know, if you're if you're in the 30s and you're Alan Dulles, yeah, you're brokering deals with, you know, the most evil rich people in the world.
Because that's not only, you know, not only pays well, but it's a great source of intelligence on other people.
And then the CIA is created and and, you know, Harry fucking Truman comes to you and says, what if you did basically the same job?
But instead of representing corporations, you had the entire power of the American military industrial complex behind you, which, you know, let's not forget.
It's not just they had built an atomic bomb right then.
They were also the only people who have ever proven themselves insane enough to use an atomic bomb.
So basically, what if you did your job now, except instead of representing, you know, fucking IG Farben, you were representing the United States and more broadly global capitalism.
And if someone tries to fuck with you, we just kill them.
And, you know, and that's that's how things have gone pretty much since then.
Well, exactly. And that's why, you know, again, this idea of the Fourth Reich can sound far fetched.
But you can see this, you know, again, Kubrick doesn't have to tweak the source material a lot here to paint this picture.
And, you know, the real history that you just everything you just brought up, it's like this.
It's not a huge stretch to understand Alex, you know, the fascist, coming to an understanding between friends with the neoliberal government.
And I think that is really, again, why Kubrick made this movie.
I think it goes back to why he made this and why, you know, this this he gave us a shocking portrait of ultraviolence.
I think it really, you know, the hardest to watch scene, the singing in the rain scene really exemplifies it.
I think he wants to show you, like you were talking about this, Omni ones, the bottom line dedication to the pursuit of power.
He wants you to see how horrible it is at the bottom for the poor, for the poor young skinhead Nazi cyberpunk fascist.
So every time you see the Omni ones at the top and you hear how they have plans to make this world great again and lead us into the future.
I think he made this movie so you can close your eyes and see Alex, the largest face singing in the rain.
Yeah, yeah.
I think he wanted to give us this image because, like you're talking about, it's that we live in this schismed reality now.
Post World War Two in this Fourth Reich of a world that says one thing and clearly does another.
Yeah, of all the scenes in Kubrick, and there aren't that many where I feel like he is speaking directly to you.
It's not a character speaking to a character, it's him talking to you.
And one of those is, viddy well, my brother.
Yes, and putting the camera on the ground, like putting it down at the very, you're going to see how horrible it is here down in the mud.
Yeah, you want social realist cinema? You want to know how the world is? Here's how the fucking world is.
Yeah, so that's the first time you see it. And if you kind of just watch it on this plot melody level, you may just think, again, it's kind of irresponsible, shocking, ultra violent.
I think that is really why he's doing this too.
So you remember Alex's smiling face as he, you know, it's just one of the all time great performances to me.
We've talked about it, but to me it's like a Buster Keaton or Charlie Chaplin level performance.
And he's got this, again, this aesthetic of gentlemanly courtesan manners.
And he's the...
I mean, he's singing, singing in the rain.
Yeah, exactly.
While he prepares to beat and rape you and kill you and eat the meat off your bones in front of you.
You know, it's, that is why he made this movie.
And that's, you also brought up the understanding between two friends at the end.
And I think that if you're kind of struggling to see this picture of the Fourth Reich, to me, that is the Fourth Reich meme scene.
That is like the liberal minister of the interior shakes hands with the fascist Alex.
And basically, you know, they may have been at odds before, but like you said, they have come to an understanding.
Because once you can get past the aesthetics, the radically different facades, they both basically have the same goals.
They both basically want to impose their will upon the world around them through technology, violence, fascism, power, liberalism, whatever you want to call it.
They want to take what they want and do what they want and get away with it forever.
So, yeah, I don't, I don't want to, you know, blow anything later in the movie.
No, go ahead, go ahead.
But I think the way you have pointed out the scene in Eyes Wide Shut, when everybody finally looks back at you.
Yes.
For the first time.
I think there's sort of a precursor to that in the hospital shot when the minister says he's got a surprise for him.
And then they wheel in those giant speakers and there are all the journalists taking dozens and dozens of photos.
And I think what Kubrick is doing there, you know, this is a movie that revolves around how you react to a movie.
Yeah.
So in sending those people in, Kubrick is going like, okay, we did, you watched the movie.
We did the Ludovico technique to you.
How do you feel?
That's great.
Who are you now?
Yeah, I hadn't thought of it like that.
But even the, they're kind of in a semi-circle around him.
And he's, Alex is getting the divine, horrible, omni-inspiration.
He makes his horrible Beethoven.
And he's in the same position that Red Cloak is in, Eyes Wide Shut, in kind of the middle of the semi-circle.
We see Alex, the devil.
Yeah, go ahead.
There's a really interesting thing in that shot, too.
I think both with reference to Barry Lyndon and with reference to Eyes Wide Shut, where, you know, what Alex is imagining in that final shot is not, I mean, it's hard to tell what's going on.
You don't have any context.
Yeah.
But he's not imagining killing someone.
Yeah.
You know?
He's imagining something that might be legal.
But the way he's imagining it is fascinating to me because instead of his, you know, druges on the side clapping for him, it's people who are dressed like fucking 18th century noblemen.
Of course, Barry Lyndon-style enlightenment.
Exactly.
Yes.
And it signals, I think, that in this, you know, form of pseudo-politics where all you really have is echelons and layers of aesthetics, he has now climbed up to a higher level.
Yes.
You know, the old sort of street violence isn't enough for him anymore.
He needs the fucking lords and ladies clapping for him.
Yes.
And it's a perfect, again, Kubrick meme of liberalism accepting fascism.
They let him fuck in the snow.
He's this wild animal fucking in the snow and they're all in their refined, enlightened, edified clothing clapping for him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That ending is the scene and the meme of the Fourth Reich.
If you're struggling to understand this movie or that idea, that's what it is.
It's a bunch of fucking Barry Lyndon's clapping for two fascists or one fascist, at least, fucking in the snow.
And I think it sort of looks forward to Eyes Wide Shut, which I want to watch again now, having just watched this.
Because it's like, what was Tom Cruise's actual crime in Eyes Wide Shut?
Because the idea that, you know, if you believe the Ziegler, that's his name, right?
Yeah.
If you believe the Ziegler character, the plot of that movie is that he contrived to have a piano player play at this party who would have known Tom Cruise from 20 years ago.
And then made sure Tom Cruise went to see the piano player at the club and then got the password he wasn't supposed to have.
And then came to this orgy that, according to Ziegler, was only put on to scare Tom Cruise.
Yeah.
Like, they wouldn't have been doing any of this if he wasn't there.
And so, let's just, you know, obviously that's fucking absurd.
And I think the absurdity of it is supposed to be a smack in your face.
Like, these people are, of course they're lying.
Yeah.
Of course they're lying.
But if you look at it from their point with that, you know, absurd sort of sequence of events, Tom Cruise's crime is not fucking in front of all of them.
Yes.
If he had just fucked in front of all of them, they presumably would have been like, oh, okay.
Yeah.
Well, he's not going to talk.
Yeah.
So, the fact that he doesn't, it's like, well, you failed to reach the top of the pyramid.
Yeah.
Because you didn't fucking bust nuts while we clapped around you.
Yeah, he's a non-omni one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He wouldn't commune with them.
That's interesting.
I thought the same thing watching this.
There's a note, obviously, of Eyes Wide Shut that the elites, the nobles, watching something raw and violent happen in front of them and applauding.
Yeah.
And that, there's so much I want to talk about.
But yeah, that scene you can see, you know, Alex, the neoliberal minister offers to put Alex in a nice suit and teach him how to speak nicely and give him a nice job.
And of course, in exchange, Alex the fascist can teach him all about rape and torture and ultraviolence.
Yeah, absolutely.
They become, you can see, fascism becomes useful to the neoliberal world.
It becomes, go ahead.
Go ahead.
You can imagine a version of this movie where, you know, it's, I mean, I guess it's presumably the not distant future.
It's maybe supposed to be, I don't know, 10 years before or 10 years after the president, rather.
Yeah.
And it's very easy to imagine, you know, when Alex goes, what job and how much?
Yeah.
That the kind of job that he would have been sent to if it were, say, 1981 would be, well, you're going down to South Africa to advise some of our boys there.
Oh, yeah.
On particularly useful techniques of, you know, extracting information.
Oh, yeah.
Like, this guy would have turned into fucking Mitch Verbell.
This guy would have been Otto Scorsese.
Absolutely.
You know, because that's what he's useful for.
Yeah.
And he's useful for a world, again, the minister, he's all about public appearances.
The whole thing, the only reason they go and surgically reverse the Ludovico technique is for the elections.
You know, that's his job, is be the facade so Alex can do the dirty work that he can't do.
And it's kind of implied.
I'd forgotten, but when he meets the psychiatrist and has to do the fill in the blank exercise, he says this thing about, I kept having this dream.
Yeah.
Like, while I was in my coma, people were messing around in my rezoodok.
And it's sort of maybe implied that he, like, I don't know, was like partially lobotomized or something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So that he wouldn't remember.
Well, that, and this brings me to another topic that I would want to hear all you have to say on, and you have a ton to say on.
But that, you know, again, if you hear this idea of the Fourth Reich and you think, like, how could America and Britain be worse than the Nazis?
You know, the Nazis had death camps.
Or how could the neoliberal state be worse than Alex?
Because we see Alex rape and torture and do terrible things.
Well, we can see through the Ludovico technique, clearly here Kubrick is interested in the idea of the neoliberal state using drugs to control people.
Yeah.
To brainwash people and to control them.
And this is a perfect microcosm of this idea of the Fourth Reich because, you know, it won't be death camps.
It won't, well, not yet.
It won't be, you know, Jack.
They'll call them refugee camps.
Exactly.
They'll make it sound better.
And it won't be jackbooted, leather trench coat, you know, SS youth.
It'll be groovy, young Alex-type crypto billionaires and corporate guys.
And, you know, it'll be think tank policymakers who decide that we should dose these people with these drugs or we should take these drugs away from these people.
And what you just said about the surgery at the end, I think it's important to note in this movie that the Ludovico technique is just drugging and conditioning.
There's no, like, there's no magic to it.
And you see Alex figures out, he comes to an actual breakthrough when he's like, I see it's like wrong and whatnot.
Everyone has a chance.
Like, he gets it.
Praise God, I'm good.
He actually at least, you know, says, as you said, I don't think Alex actually does have any character development in this movie.
He just wants to get out so he can go be a droog again.
But he does come to the realization he's supposed to, like, you know, mentally, philosophically understand that violence is wrong.
But then the doctor says, like, no, no, dear boy, you must trust us because they're just drugging him.
It takes a week or two weeks or a month or two months or whatever to do the Ludovico cycle of drugging him to create the physical conditioning response to violence, ultraviolence and sex and et cetera.
That makes, you know, Alex gag and throw up.
And then at the end to reverse it, they just do a surgery.
You know, it's implied, like you said, there's some kind of lobotomy or some kind of, you know, they went in surgically and tinkered with his brain.
And so I know you have a lot to say about the idea of, you know, the powers of fascism extending down to your very body and soul through, you know, policies.
Oh, yeah.
Drugging.
And that goes right along with what you talked about, you know, technology of this.
This is the alternate 2001 where Hal made it through the astral gate, you know.
And like Kubrick talked about, the idea, you know, Clockwork Orange, the idea of taking a human and replacing them with something machine-like.
So, yeah, what do you, what comes to mind when I talk about the Fourth Reich using drugs to control people's body, minds and souls?
Well, just the first thing I want to say, just so I don't forget, is, you know, when you were saying it's not going to be jackbooted thugs, it's not going to be concentration camps next time.
You know, what I always think of is the fact that the state of Israel is very, very, very worried about population demographics.
They really, really want to have a lot more white Jews than Arab Muslims.
And over the last few decades, they have been granting citizenship and just declaring Jewish by fiat a bunch of white people from Eastern Europe, mostly Russians, to keep the, you know, the white Jew count up there.
And it's about the white part, not the Jew part.
Because there was also an incident, I think the early 2000s, maybe late 90s, where a bunch of Ethiopian Jews who were refugees tried to get to Israel.
And these are people who, you know, if you're an Ethiopian Jew, that's about the straightest line of contact from the beginning of Judaism to you.
You know, you have like the best claim to be the original Jews.
And when those people got to Israel, they were put in what were called resettlement camps.
And they were told that they were being given things like vaccines against malaria and, you know, quinine tablets and things, things to get rid of diseases they might have brought into the country.
And what they were actually being given was mega doses of birth control for the women to sterilize them.
Bill Gates style.
Right.
Exactly.
And so white people who aren't Jews, Israel, come on in.
Black people who are Jews, you know.
And I think we will find out a lot more shit like that.
Not just about Israel, but about, you know, the entire Western world.
There's just that horrific fucking story that the Nigerian army has forced like 10,000 abortions on women who were largely victims of rapes by members of ISIS-affiliated sects like Boko Haram.
And that story came out, I don't know, maybe a week and a half ago.
Yeah.
And I thought it was going to be fucking going crazy everywhere.
And no, it's just kind of gone.
Yeah.
Because it was all presented as like, no, no, no, it was a humanitarian activity.
Yeah.
We were helping these women.
Exactly.
And given the whole history of all this, I mean, there's so much to say about, you know, the use of drugs by, I feel like the Trump people have almost taken the word deep state away.
Yeah.
But I don't know.
I'll call it the deep state.
Beginning really with biological weapons, chemical weapons used in the Korean War that we have been lying about for decades and decades.
But it's pretty fucking well on paper that we were deploying, among other things, huge clouds of insects that were infected with various diseases so that when they bit people, those people would become plague vectors.
And we're not the bad guys, right?
We won World War III or World War II.
We were saving the Koreans from themselves.
Yeah.
It's important to remember that.
That's fucking insane.
And then as part of the bonkers propaganda effort around the Korean War, we just completely made up in the American press this idea that the Chinese could do something called brainwashing, where they could completely give you a new personality.
Because we were trying to explain, A, why the North Koreans would be fighting us.
And, B, why certain people who were taken as prisoners of war came out of Korea going, like, yeah, we use biological weapons here.
Well, obviously that can't be true.
So we come up with this bullshit about brainwashing.
But like so many other things in the history of this country, the people who were at the top of that program, namely Sidney Gottlieb, who was the basically bioweapons chemist in chief, and Dr. Louis Jolion West, who was the CIA's main practitioner in MKUltra, they heard the brainwashing thing and were like, well, obviously that's not true.
But on the other hand, what if it was?
And they proceeded to spend decades dosing people with all kinds of horrific drugs.
You know, this is where LSD comes from.
LSD was invented in the 20s by accident.
And it really wasn't common at all for like 30 years until the CIA and Harvard acquired a whole lot of it to start giving out in megadoses to people to see if they could render them docile or even just drive them insane.
A ton of the early sort of acid evangelists in this country, people like Timothy Leary, people like the guy who, what's his real name?
Baba Ramdas was the name he took, the guy who wrote Be Here Now.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
His real name was Richard Alpert, and he was at those Ivy League acid trials.
Of course.
There is, I don't think this has ever been fully proven, but there's a really good chance that a certain young math prodigy was brought into one of those Ivy League acid trials
and came out of it with his personality all fucked up and people who knew him before didn't recognize him afterward, and that was Ted Kaczynski.
And it is imminently clear not only that they were doing, you know, site-specific, study-specific things, but also that they were just flooding certain parts of the country with acid essentially to see what would happen.
That Timothy Leary's gigantic LSD manufacturing operation ran through William Mellon Hitchcock, a member of the very rich Mellon family, you know, like Carnegie Mellon.
And the Mellons are fucking waist deep in CIA connections.
And Frank Zappa was saying this back in the mid-60s, like, you really want me to believe this experimental CIA torture drug is just all over San Francisco all of a sudden?
And the great book, Chaos, by Tom O'Neill, about the, well, I was going to say the Manson murders, but actually, as it turns out, maybe not the Manson murders,
is about the fact that they were running drug experiments on poor hippies and homeless people in San Francisco in the mid-60s,
first dosing them with tons of acid and then dosing, cutting off the acid supply and dosing them with tons of speed.
And there is an excellent chance that however exactly those murders happened, it had a lot to do with this sort of, you know, lovey-dovey, you know, white hippie bullshit kind of cult
that then all of a sudden got switched from acid to meth, like, overnight.
And the guy who was, this is an incredible fact that I think about almost every day,
the guy who was Charles Manson's parole officer, his name was Roger Smith.
So Roger Smith is Manson's parole officer who, even though Manson violates parole like a thousand times,
never arrests him, never arrests him.
And then Roger Smith was also his doctor at the Hate Street Free Clinic.
Oh, perfect.
Who was giving him LSD and then speed.
And then also, Roger Smith was a CIA employee working on what they call the San Francisco Project.
What a coincidence.
Yeah.
All the same fucking guy.
And so I think, you know, that goes through one period.
And then if you read anything about the late 60s, especially from somebody who was there,
you always run into this part of the narrative where they're like, yeah, 1968 or nine,
something changed and suddenly there was heroin everywhere.
They're way more junkies than there used to be.
And that's because we were bringing all that shit in from Southeast Asia as a way to both fund the Vietnam War
and as a way to essentially distribute it among people whom we wanted to put in jail anyway.
Like, you know, black people and communists.
So give them some heroin, put them in jail.
And then, of course, Iran-Contra and the fucking crack epidemic, which I feel like we should all just have to meditate on for like 10 minutes every day.
That that that happened.
Yes.
And and then, of course, after this long, long history of opiates as a social control mechanism.
And that goes, as I've talked about on my show, that goes back to, you know, the 19th and even 18th century.
A bunch of the biggest fortunes in America are founded upon opium.
Then after the crack thing kind of blows through and we pass this piece of legislation called NAFTA
that essentially destroys what is left of the American industrial productive base in the United States and gets rid of more or less every blue collar job that isn't like starvation wages.
Then all of a sudden we have this gigantic wave of synthetic opioids, including fentanyl.
And I don't know about you, but if I were a, you know, fucking skag dealer in Kentucky, I would not know where to get laboratory fentanyl.
Oh, shit. Guys that don't know how to fix a car.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know who I would ask to find that.
So the fact that we've got, you know, I mean, our drug overdose and OD death numbers are through the fucking roof compared to any other time in history.
They're like doubling every few years.
And yet they all seem not all, but they mostly seem to be among poor white people who live in parts of the country where once upon a time,
those people might have had a union job as a minor or working at a factory.
And now all those jobs are in fucking either Honduras or Taiwan.
And we've got this big sort of useless chunk of the population.
And, you know, really, they're just sort of they're taking money for things like, you know, Social Security.
And, gee, it would really be convenient if we could find a way both to get rid of these people eventually,
but also before they die, milk as much money out of them as we possibly can.
And when somebody is is denied the kind of life where they can, you know, have a decent job and a decent wage and health insurance and shit like that,
the main way you get money out of those people is by addicting them to something because they will find that money.
You know, they might not, you know, be able to find the money for rent one month.
But if it's, you know, $15 for a fucking bag, like they'll find that $15.
And so all of these people who are now economically useless to us have been turned into this gigantic cash cow.
And then they all die, which is pretty convenient.
And no one can really explain how all of this happened.
Yeah.
And I feel like it doesn't seem conspiratorial to me.
I was thinking about this the other day and how to talk about it on my show.
And I thought, look, what's more conspiratorial to say that this is being done at least to some degree on purpose or to say it was on purpose every other time.
But this is an accident.
Yeah.
That's just fucking crazy.
Yeah.
Well, and that's a perfect that that that history you just went through is a perfect example, you know, to bring it back to to Clockwork Orange.
Again, if you can, you know, hear what we're saying about this movie and about the Fourth Reich.
And you can say, you know, how is neoliberal America and Britain and the West?
How is that worse than or extending this violence?
How is it even comparable to the Nazi death camps?
Well, when you can see, you know, the powers of legal violence.
And that's, again, we talked about with Alex at the end, understanding between two friends.
The powers of legal violence within neoliberalism are way grander and way broader than, you know, fascism or, you know, Vikingism or Mongolism.
Or, you know, the history of colonialism and conquering, sieging and conquering through violent warfare.
You know, legal violence of using drugs to control and target people and fucking incriminate people and put them in jail and target specific parts of the population.
You know, powers of punishment through, quote unquote, rehabilitation are infinitely greater.
Oh, yeah.
You know, the powers of colonialism through, quote unquote, innovation and corporate development are way grander than any Magna Carta Mayflower motherfucker ever could have dreamed of in the, you know, the 1400s.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
I mean, we've got the power essentially to exercise our will upon almost anyone in the world at any time for any reason.
You know, and Hitler, bad guy, not a fan of Hitler.
Right.
But he couldn't do that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was not one of the powers he had.
And so, you know, to know something like going back to that guy, Sidney Gottlieb, the bioweapons dude for the CIA.
There was a I think it was a Netflix series maybe three, four years ago called Wormwood.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Um, about this dude named Frank Olson who worked with Gottlieb and then got dosed by Gottlieb with what was probably LSD and had kind of a crisis of conscience and was probably going to talk about this and then ended up somehow falling out of a 12 story window.
And the guy who was the doorman at the hotel where he died that night was a guy named Jean-Pierre Lafitte.
Ah, yes.
Who was also a Vichy French Nazi, a longtime collaborator, worked directly with Otto Skorzeny.
And he was drawing a check.
He was the only other person drawing a check from the Riley Coffee Company in New Orleans when its other employee was Lee Harvey Oswald.
And there appears to be pretty good evidence that he was in Dallas on November 22nd, 1963.
Perfect.
So it's never, it's never one fucking thing.
Yeah.
You know?
Yeah.
The gang is all here every time.
As they say, the empire never ended.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that.
Oh, go ahead.
Oh, just, I mean, if, you know, Philip K. Dick fans, if you haven't read Valus by Philip K. Dick,
you must, you simply must.
Because The Empire Never Ended is just about the best, you know, four-word explanation of all of this that I can think of.
Absolutely.
That's, yeah, exactly.
Understanding between two friends.
It never stopped.
It only flourished and grew stronger.
And precisely because what we talked about at the beginning, the aestheticization of politics,
that if you can't see it, people don't have a problem with it.
And if you can't see the, you know, Alex is shocking and horrible to us.
But if the minister does essentially the same thing and it happens to people we never see overseas or to poor people,
people we don't care about, then, you know, we're fine with it.
It's, we can get away with the exact same thing.
And that, that, to go back to clockwork, like, I think you can really see this whole idea of the forthright.
We talked about it before, but the, the rehabilitation scene.
You can see it all played on the great, is it, I believe it's, I wrote it down.
It's Michael Bates, right?
Yes, Michael Bates as Chief Guard Barnes.
You can see the whole.
That guy is so good.
He is phenomenal.
And you can see the whole idea of the forthright play out on his face in that scene.
Because.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He is, in a lot of ways, he's like an inverse fascist like Alex.
Like, he believes that the state's job is to physically punish prisoners.
Like, the governor says, you know, you hit us, we hit back.
He believes prisons should be a dungeon.
And here comes this, the neoliberal minister, Frederick, in his three-piece suit saying, no, no, no, let's just can't do it.
We're going to rehabilitate them.
And Barnes goes into that scene.
You can see he's disgusted.
He does the one short clap.
That's.
Yeah, that's so funny.
And he's disgusted.
He thinks like, oh, here are these pussy neoliberals in the three-piece suits.
And they don't know what it's like to punish people.
And when he sees they have far greater powers of violence than he ever could, they can conquer a person down to his very soul and control his instincts, you know, through drugging, through the violence of imposing the state's will upon a human being, turning him into a clockwork orange.
By the end, Chief Guard Barnes is like enraptured.
He's like, he stands and applauds.
This is my shit.
Yeah, by the end.
I would like to think just a personal issue when the woman comes out to tempt Alex.
I always think.
Yeah, he's just like.
He's flabbergasted.
I always think that's got to be the first naked woman he's ever seen in his life.
Yeah, absolutely.
He does not have a wife.
This epiphany.
He's been staring at 18-year-old criminals' dicks and asking, are you a homosexual?
Yeah, I never noticed this before during that incredible line read that as he goes, are you an owl or have you ever been a homosexual?
That he is looking right at Alex's cock.
Yes, yes.
And then he proceeds to look in his asshole.
Yeah.
And somehow putting the flashlight in the mouth makes it way grosser.
Absolutely.
They're like, he's done this way too many times.
Yeah, and that scene, again, I took a note of, you know, in that scene, they are all surrounded by boxes.
They are literally, once again, you see the violent power of neoliberalism.
They literally reduce everyone's life down to a little box.
A box with a name and a number and all your shit in it.
Just like they put them all in cells, you know.
Yeah, I mean, I don't want to make, you know, too facile a comparison to the Holocaust.
But to me, that, you know, I mean, I think the Holocaust was something that's not far under the surface of a lot of Kubrick movies.
And that scene in particular, seeing this massive fucking warehouse of thousands upon thousands of lives, you know, reduced to, like, the effects they had in little boxes that will, you know, in all likelihood probably get lost and be forgotten or be destroyed in a fire.
Or it's like, yeah, okay, you know, their Holocaust was very, very bad.
Our Holocaust is reasonable and orderly.
And that's the difference.
And that's, correct me if I'm wrong, but is the prison that he goes to not the prison that Charles Bronson led the riot and got onto the roof of?
I think, I don't think the prison he goes to is real.
I think it's a composite.
Yeah, like the aerial image of that prison.
You know, where it's like, it's kind of like a star shape, astra shape thing.
Yeah, I don't, I'm trying to remember.
I believe, so the two most famous prisons in England that I know are Dartmoor and Parkhurst.
And I'm pretty sure he says he's at Parkmore.
So I assume it's like a composite of Dartmoor and Parkhurst.
Well, I was just going to say, if you want to, once again, the horrible prescience of Kubrick,
if you want a picture of British neoliberalism failing someone who becomes a violent Viking, go watch Bronson.
Yeah, absolutely.
And that overhead shot of first the prison facilities and then the Ludovico Treatment Center,
number one, they're just the only well-maintained architecture in the entire movie.
And number two, they're all just straight up like 40s Italian fascist.
Yeah.
It's like they're not even hiding it.
And it's so great.
Obviously, Ludovico is like a play on Ludwig, the whole Beethoven, which I want to get into
here in a second.
But great that they use like the Italian fascist 40s Ludovico for it.
And talking about Bronson, talking about the idea of Alex as a kid who the neoliberal state
has failed him, who becomes, you know, can use the power of violence, the politics of fascism,
the politics of violence to elevate himself because he's an omni one.
I want to go back to this idea of omni ones and this idea of, like we talked about this
whole series, violence being kind of man's greatest achievement in this universe, our
highest, the thing we reach the highest for and spend the most money and time and effort
on perfecting.
And violence as our tool to impose our will upon this universe.
And like, obviously, you know, I said in the 2001 episode, that's the meme you can understand
for that is the dawn of man doing the first kill with the first tool scored to.
Yeah.
Thus spoke Zarathustra.
In this movie, Kubrick uses the unbelievably genius technique of associating Beethoven with
fascism.
Of associating.
Yeah, yeah.
Beethoven is the music that gives Alex the divine omni inspiration.
And I'm so glad to have you on because as I hope people know that you are a phenomenally
talented musician and a musical genius, far more talented than I am.
And I know you can speak to this idea in a way that, you know, I could try to explain to
other people and it wouldn't make sense, but you'll get it.
I want you to talk about how Kubrick uses Beethoven's music and how Beethoven's music.
You'll know what I'm saying when I say this.
Musicians will know what it feels like when you make something truly great.
It feels like you're discovering something that already existed.
It feels like you're like an archaeologist.
You're just brushing off the dust of something that's already there and you can see the full
picture.
And to me, Beethoven's music, that's what it is.
It's this perfect gleaming structure.
And really, like the classical music of the period was really them figuring out music theory.
You know, in real time, they're figuring out, oh, if you go from A minor to E major, it
sounds like God.
Or what, you know, they're figuring out the rules of music theory.
These structures that already existed perfectly and what was lacking was our understanding of
them.
So I'm going into it, but I want you to talk about that musically and how that structure,
the perfect gleaming structure of Beethoven's music is analogous to the perfection, the perfect
structure of fascism within this universe.
The perfect structure of the omni-one bottom line of violence, you know.
Well, Beethoven is a fascinating figure in general and especially fascinating in this context
because Beethoven is coming right after the era of Bach and Mozart.
And, you know, Bach and Mozart are, like you said, essentially those are the rules for music.
Yeah.
If you want to understand how classical music works, you go back to the Baroque era and you
listen to a shitload of Bach and Mozart.
And Beethoven was the, I mean, not the next guy to come along, you know, there were decades,
but he was sort of the next step forward in that he understood all of the rules.
He knew how to do all the correct things, but he would also intentionally and very obviously
depart from rules sometimes.
He would sort of, you know, the Bach sort of built this like gleaming cage.
Yeah.
And Beethoven would come in there and kick a bar out, you know, or bend one or change the
shape of the ceiling.
So it's still this recognizable thing, but now it's got this very specific personal touch
to it.
And that wasn't just important in music.
That sort of helped create the entire idea of romanticism in music and in philosophy in
the sense that, you know, for Bach, if you're listening to Bach, you are listening, you know,
if you're doing it with educated ears for how perfectly he can make all these structures
intertwine and for, you know, the wit and cleverness that he can use to get from point A to point B in
a strange way.
Yeah.
And in Beethoven, it becomes about exactly the opposite.
It becomes about his personality.
How, in the case of going from A to B, do you rip something into a weird shape or take
something out or slam something through the middle that's not supposed to be there?
And so the whole idea of, you know, we essentially still abide by most of the time the romantic
vision of the artist, which is to say that, you know, how does, how does this artwork reveal
the soul of the person who made it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Beethoven is sort of the beginning of that idea in modern Europe.
Beethoven is the person you would go listen to not to hear how expert he was, but to hear
what he would dare to do that you're not supposed to do.
Yeah.
And, and it's, it's really, you know, they treat it throughout the movie as like a joke
that Alex would love Beethoven.
Yeah.
But, but it's actually, it makes perfect sense because Beethoven is also an artifact of a
completely just suffocatingly formal, aestheticized, aristocratic society in, in which, you know,
the only things that really matter are rules of conduct and politeness.
And, you know, yeah, sure.
You can challenge a guy to a duel and then cut his head off, but you have to do it right.
You got to wear a puppy shirt while you do it.
Right.
Exactly.
And so Beethoven is kind of like the guy who's in this cage of classical music and is slamming
up against the bars, you know, is, is trying to deform it into something that is specifically
his own, which is also what Alex is doing.
I was going to say, you can see why it's such a genius, just from what you're saying there,
why it's such a genius association from Kubrick that Beethoven's music in itself represents.
He's this free radical imposing his will on the systems around him, just the same way
a fascist does within the, the, the, the omni one structure of the bottom line of violence
and the arc of violence in this universe.
Sorry to cut you off.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
And all of, all of the figures in the movie, you know, it's most obvious with Alex, but
essentially the, the Beethoven thing, you know, in terms of his importance as a romantic
artist is really what everyone in the movie is trying to do there.
They have, you know, presumably in this context, they've gotten rid of any sort of system that
used to actually help people or keep societies together.
And now they are imposing these various authoritarian regimes that every once in a while you got
to, you know, kick and bend into a different shape that at first you got to say, we're going
to, you know, no more crime on the streets.
And then you got to say, actually we're, we're doing something humanitarian by making criminals
not be bad anymore.
And, and then you have to say, oh, actually that was bad.
It was actually the other part of the government that told us to do that.
And we, we never would have done that.
You know, the, the sort of the Beethoven idea of sort of personal expression is, is, is very,
is written very large throughout this movie, especially as a movie that deals with England,
not only in terms of, you know, a traditional class structure, because it's interesting to
note that Alex and almost all the main characters do not have London action accents.
They're not, they're not posh.
They have kind of Northern, you know, industrial working class accents.
And, and so there's that class element of it too.
But there is this, also this element of, of, you know, imposed hierarchical systems that
we then alter, not so much for political or moral reasons, because we don't, we don't
actually care about doing anything good.
Um, we alter them for aesthetic reasons to fit the aesthetic mood of the moment.
And, and there's this, um, this moment when Alex is in the record store that I find completely
fucking fascinating because they're playing a Beethoven.
I think it's part of the ninth symphony in this record store.
And as he walks through, you notice this entire thing is sort of like a circular rotunda
tunnel kind of, there's no outside, right?
It's, it's all ceilings and walls.
There's no outside space.
And what I immediately thought of when I noticed that is, uh, that same guy, Walter Benjamin,
who said the thing about, uh, fascism being the aestheticization of politics.
Uh, he wrote a, an incredible, very strange, unfinished book called the arcades project.
And the arcades were in, in mid 19th century France.
They were essentially the, the precursors to shopping malls.
They, they were these, um, rows of stores that had roofs put over them and, uh, gas lamps
and then early electrical lights put in them.
So you could go there at any time of the day.
And instead of just going out, you know, to the, the bakery to buy bread, which is what
people had done till then, people just started hanging out at the arcades with, with no specific
sense of like why they were there.
They just thought something cool might happen.
And, um, Benjamin saw this as one of the key precursors to fascism, uh, in terms of the
way it creates the crowd for the first time, you know, that obviously there have been crowds
before, but those crowds were there for specific reasons.
Whereas this creates the massive humanity that is waiting to be told what to do, you know,
they're waiting to be told what's cool, what they should pay attention to.
And, uh, the, that record store, the way it's all internal, it's, it's, it's really reminiscent
to me of what Benjamin said about the arcades and about the people who go to them, which is
essentially that, you know, if you're a fashionable Parisian now and be, you know, 1870 or whatever,
you can live a life where the conditions of the outside world are never reflected to you,
except in things like, uh, prices going up or down.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You, you, you can live a life that is entirely inside the culture industry.
You know, everything, you know, everything you have is, uh, is, is given to you, uh, by the,
the machinations of, of, you know, what now would be called the culture industry and, and of course
involves government and economics and all these other things, but you, you live inside, you know,
the dome now all the time.
And I never caught this before, but, um, the music they're playing in that scene, it's that
the Beethoven thing that goes, well, in the Ludovico technique sequence.
Oh yes.
I know what you're going to say.
Yeah.
They're playing that during the third Reich footage that finally makes Alex start screaming
and saying, you know, it's not fair to do this to lovely, lovely Ludwig van.
Yeah.
And it, it kind of cracked my mind up open this time because I'm realizing, you know, what
they're doing in the Ludovico technique, they're not stopping you from being a bad person.
They are giving you a set of reference points that you will react to with physical disgust.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, that's it.
Like, like the, the, the female doctor says, when we are healthy, we respond to the presence
of the hateful with fear and nausea.
You are becoming healthy.
That's all.
And by this time tomorrow, you should be healthier still.
You know, they're not teaching him to be a good person.
They're not teaching him why any of this matters.
They're just saying, all right, these 150 things, you're, you're going to want to vomit
when you see them now.
And so in, in exactly the same way as the arcades and the record store, the Ludovico
technique and, and, you know, the entirety of the fourth Reich, we are still just trapped
inside this internal system of points of reference.
Yeah.
It's, it's, it's all just the architecture of the culture industry and the politics that
have been built up around us.
And we are, you know, positively or negatively charged towards certain things based on what
things like movies have told us to be.
And you notice they've got, they've got Hitler in the Ludovico technique.
They don't have, um, you know, fucking Belgians committing genocide in the Congo.
That's, that's fine.
Yeah.
You know, because that, that fits in beautifully with the way their world works.
And, and so there is this sense of, you know, no matter where you are, no matter how free
or outside you think you are, you are always in the bubble.
And in that sense, it was watching this, you know, watching Alex, watching these movies
and thinking, well, yeah, this is just what movies are already.
Yeah.
The, you know, the Ludovico technique, yeah, sure.
They do.
They give him some drugs and they force them to keep his eyes open, but you getting your
cultural, historical, moral, aesthetic reference points from movies that are, you know, it's
not just what they show on screen, but it's the, the, the music and the, you know, the
onset soundtrack and the editing and the sequencing and all that.
That's just, that's what the Ludovico technique already is.
And, and by going to see a movie, you are in a way in even a weirder situation because
Alex is forced to be there.
Yeah.
You don't have to go there.
You get chose to, yeah.
Yeah.
You, you paid money to go there.
And, and in that, the sense that everything is inside, you know, this edifice of the culture
industry and they're just telling you what to hate and what to like.
It really struck me when, um, when Alex, uh, the, the first movie they show him of the
guy getting beat up and he goes, then the red, red vino began to flow the same in all
places as it were put out by the same big firm.
It's like, it is, it's movie blood.
The same big firm does put it out.
And like he says, isn't it weird how the colors of real life never seem real until you
see them on the big screen?
Yeah.
And so what he's being sensitized to is not, you know, morality or empathy or the humanity
of others.
He, as, as a man who lives up to this point, totally by aesthetics, you know, what he thinks
is cool and whom he thinks it's fine to murder because they don't count.
Well, they're not teaching him anything beyond that.
They're just giving him a different set of aesthetics.
Yeah.
And that's, you said so much fascinating I want to comment on, but that, like you said,
that is what he is conditioned against.
I think, yeah, Kubrick, I have the quote, uh, Kubrick said this movie is largely about
the dubious redemption of a teenage delinquent by condition reflex therapy.
Which was very, very real.
Yeah.
A thing that there's been a lot of.
Well, and what you're saying, like you're saying, what he's really conditioned to are
the aesthetics.
What he's really conditioned to, uh, reject.
That's why he makes the horrible association with his beloved Beethoven.
That he can suddenly see the aesthetic of the divine inspiration Beethoven gave him before
is now turned against him.
Now it becomes an act of violence towards him.
But he still wants to fuck the girl at the thing.
And he still wants to fight.
He still wants to get out of prison so he can go back to being a Drew.
He still wants to fight Joe the Lodger.
You know, they haven't removed.
Yeah.
There's.
The actual impulse within him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's that amazing, um, a bit when, uh, the minister is explaining how the Ludovico
technique works.
And first of all, that whole scene is amazing because it is literally a fucking music hall.
Yeah.
That people are bowing on stage and shit.
Like this is some shit you would see, you know, at the Brighton shoreline and afterward there'd
be like a puppet show.
And then when, when Alex is done, the minister goes, uh, subject is impelled toward the good
by paradoxically being impelled towards evil.
It was like, if he's impelled towards evil, you didn't fix anything.
You're just admitting like, oh no, we installed a fail safe switch.
So he vomits if he tries to rape someone.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that's not good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And the aesthetics become untenable to him.
They become disgusting or physically reprehensible.
But yeah, the, the internal omni one impulse is still clearly there.
And as we see at the end, he gets the divine inspiration again from Beethoven.
Uh, but that man, you said, oh, go ahead.
I was just going to say, as the priest says to that, one of the things I love about Kubrick
movies in general, but especially about this movie is that there is no one redeemable.
Absolutely.
Not a single redeemable person.
And no, barely any sympathy shown towards any of the characters.
Right.
Yeah.
And, and when the priest stands up to defend Alex, this is like a guy who was trying to
molest him like two weeks ago.
And, and he makes that long speech, you know, moral choice.
The boy has no moral choice.
First of all, it kills me how the minister just responds, uh, padre, these are subtleties.
Like what a great line.
But then the point of the whole thing, which is that the Ludovico technique doesn't work
if your superiors don't tell you something's wrong.
Yeah.
So the entire rest of the fourth Reich, you know, all, all of the rest of what we're talking
about beyond the individual behavior of, of one, you know, fucking monster.
Cause that's the other thing too.
Alex is a monster for the entire movie.
Uh, but all you have done.
One is, is just sort of flip the opposite day switch in this one guy and everything
else is, is completely fine.
Yeah.
Well, and that, uh, he said a bunch of things I want to respond to, but that idea of like
you were talking about with the arcade and with a culture that is totally reduced to only
understanding aesthetics and that being, uh, perhaps the greatest tool for fascism, the
greatest tool for Omni ones to get away with what they want to do.
So we all argue over fucking Greta Van Thunberg versus Andrew Tate or whatever the fuck is
on Twitter today.
It's so insane that I know who those two people are.
I know it sucks.
But again, it's all, it's the horrible impressions of Kubrick.
It's all aesthetics.
It's all, we are not talking about why we know who these people are, why there's a Twitter
or what the countries that built it, how they got to this point.
But it's very interesting what you said about the arcade.
I noticed that this last time through really reflected with Alex's parents and that his
parents' entire relationship to him is dictated on what they read in the paper.
Yeah, exactly.
That they, at first, they don't understand him and they think, oh, he's got some job.
He's working late, hard at night.
And I've read articles about the youth, the violence, but I hope he's doing okay.
And then they tell him, you know, uh, he sees about the rehabilitation.
And then at the end they say, oh, you were, we read in the papers, you were done great
wrong.
You know?
Yeah.
His, his father is, is one of the great, just like sniveling pussy performances of all time.
And the way, we, we saw in the papers, son, that, uh, they, they said you had been done
great wrong.
It's like, dude, he's in a full body cast in the hospital.
Like you don't need to read the paper.
Yeah.
And their, their entire relationship, even to their son is defined by aesthetics, is
defined by what they, they see at the arcade, what the crowd's talking about in the newspaper.
Yeah.
It's media consumption.
That's what everything is.
And it's fascinating.
I noticed this time that the, the decor in their apartment is almost like a gaudier, tackier
version of the decor in Cat Lady's place.
That Cat Lady.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's very interesting that we can get to Cat Lady and the Alexanders, Frank and Mary
Alexander, they're both kind of elite bohemian neoliberals.
They both made it out of the mess of the city.
They're, they're both, you know, uh, mark themselves by their bohemian neoliberal, you
know, one's a, a yoga spiritual retreat and one is a leftist progressive writer who hates
poor people and hates being around the Alex's of the world.
But one of the, the, one of the things that I love, it's been one of my favorite lines
in this movie forever too, is when he, uh, when he breaks into the health farm and tries
to attack, uh, I think Mrs. Weathers is her name.
Uh, she knows about the, the attack at the writer's house already.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And, um, let's see, what is, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I have this line here.
Well, first of all, just the, the giant dick on the table.
Yes.
It's, it's a very important piece of art.
Yes.
You know, that rules.
But also she, uh, when she defends herself.
Yes.
First thing is she picks up a bust of Beethoven and that's what she's going to fucking bash
his head in with.
Yeah.
But then she says, I'll teach you to break into real people's houses.
Yeah.
That like, even she is like, oh, I'm not some fucking pussy ass gay writer.
Well, and you see through her this, again, this idea, the smiling surface of neoliberalism
with the violence underneath, even for her, for the most hip, sophisticated, bohemian neoliberal,
there's a barely disguised brutality underneath.
She doesn't even see Alex as a real person.
The only real people are her fellow suburban neoliberals, you know, and that's, yeah, and
it's so great that, that she has the giant cock and specifically calls it a very important
work of art.
Yeah.
That's one of my favorites.
The way it rocks back and forth unevenly is incredible.
Like you keep thinking it's going to stop and then it rocks back up again.
And I love that she calls it important that this hip Western neoliberal bohemian who defines
herself by her enlightened taste has gaudy, shitty taste.
It's just, it's just a more expensive, more pretentious version of Alex's parents' taste.
You know, they have the sexy women on their walls.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Everybody in the movie, as the movie goes on, they have more and more like new age soft
porn.
Yeah.
On their walls.
That's everybody does.
Yeah.
Well, and that's, you can just see from Alex's, you know, working class parents to the health
farm and cat lady and the Alexanders, like you said, they are all defined and dominated by
aesthetics.
You know, the Frank Alexander defines himself as a progressive writer, but he, you know,
keeps himself away from the poor and, you know, hates Alex and hates other poor people
and is completely political.
And then of course does the same violence and torture back to Alex when he's given the
chance.
Just one of the great shots, Patrick McGee's face as it, as it quivers between like ultimate
cackling joy and like the grimmest murder face.
That's the perfect face of the fourth right.
That's the violence.
Yeah.
I want to frame that shot every time I see it of him and the guy throwing the pool balls
across the table.
Yeah.
I took a specific note that it's a fucking, it's like a Renaissance painting that Frank,
Frank, we see in the middle in a white spotlight feeling the divine omni inspiration from Beethoven.
Frank, the neoliberal is now getting the divine omni face that Alex gets when he hears Beethoven.
You know, he's getting the horrible Droog face.
And then...
Yeah, that's, that's exactly what I, I was going to point out that his face there is almost
exactly the same as Alex's in his room.
Yeah.
Listening to Beethoven at the beginning of the movie.
It's a perfect, it's a perfect little Kubrick meme, a perfect reversal of now you see the fascism
within neoliberalism.
Both, both are...
That you love it.
Yeah.
Both are heeding the call to violence.
Both are getting the divine omni inspiration from Beethoven.
And then you have, I think it's, it's Rubenstein and Julian, his boy toy after his wife's death.
Yeah.
They're kind of like pondering it.
And then the other guy, I think his name is Dolan, is bored and is rolling the pool ball
across the table.
There's, you can see it's a great little Renaissance painting of the different perspective.
You know, the one completely careerist, he doesn't care.
He already knows.
Yeah, we torture people.
Yeah.
And, and shout out to Patrick McGee for this role in general, because he, there's so many
fascinating things about it to me that like, even when he finds Alex having been beaten
up before he knows this is the guy who, you know, basically killed his wife and put him
in a wheelchair.
Um, even then he's like, well, we're going to use this to stop the government from being
reelected.
He doesn't care about the guy at all.
And then of course, some of the greatest face acting of all time through like the whole last
part of the movie, his face when he realizes who Alex is and then all through dinner.
But one thing that's very fascinating to me about Patrick McGee is that, um, if I have
the dates right, his big role before this would have been, uh, Marat Saad.
Have you ever seen that movie?
No, I don't know what that is.
It's, so it's, uh, uh, a movie of a play, uh, and it's about, uh, late 1700s, uh, uh, France,
an insane asylum in late 1700s, France, or maybe early 1800s.
And the Marquis de Saad is, uh, one of the inmates and he writes a play for the people
in the asylum to put on for the directors of the asylum.
Um, and the play ends up going like completely insane and it's fucking great.
It has some, the movie version of it has some phenomenal work in it.
There's, um, the actress Glinda Jackson, who was in, she's in the music lovers, the
Ken Russell movie.
Um, she's a great actress and later became a, uh, a, a pretty far left labor minister of
parliament.
Um, she famously said on, on the day, uh, Margaret Thatcher died when everybody else
was getting up to make speeches about her.
Uh, Glinda Jackson stood up and said, uh, something like she is not the sort of creature I would
recognize as a woman and she's in it.
She's amazing.
But in, in this play within the movie, the Marquis de Saad is played by Patrick McGee.
Ah, that's great.
And, and he's fucking incredible.
And I think that would have been right before this.
So, so Patrick McGee is in switching these two roles.
He's kind of doing an inversion in, in that, you know, in the Marquis de Saad, he's this
guy, you know, everybody recognizes as a pervert and a freak, but, um, he actually has, uh,
quite a bit of worthwhile stuff to say in this play he's staging in prison.
Whereas in this role, uh, everybody recognizes him as, you know, a socially responsible, good,
worthwhile member of the community, but he's also a sadist freak.
Yeah, absolutely.
And he enjoys torturing Alex just as much as Alex enjoyed torturing him.
Yeah.
So he's really, he's still the Marquis de Saad.
That's great.
He's just, he's, he's the Marquis de Saad in 1970 instead of, you know, 1802.
I wonder that I wouldn't be surprised if that's how Kubrick found him.
Cause then he of course goes on to be, uh, he's the chevalier in Barry Lyndon.
And so he became a favorite actor of Kubrick's and he's, yeah, he's phenomenal in that.
Um, yeah, you've brought up so many things I want to talk about.
I know we keep going long and if you got to go at any point, just let me know.
Oh no, it's no problem.
I'm having fun just talking about this with you.
And I think, I think it's a really, like we talked about, a really misunderstood movie
that, um, is important to kind of understand these things because it is the definitive picture
of fourth Reich to me, at least in our modern kind of Western culture.
And you touched on before.
So in this series, I started with the shining strange love, full metal jacket and eyes wide
shut to specifically talk about, uh, Kubrick's picture of America and the picture of America
as this kind of dark star apex of mankind's violence and representing again, the fourth
Reich of violence and the politics of fascism extending on, you know, uh, that we, you know,
like we talked about, we thought, you know, World War II was a battle between the axis of
ally or the allies and the axis of evil.
And it was really about that once capitalist trade had supplanted feudalism as the global
status quo, it was really fought to see who would control those lines of trade and who
would, who, who would be buying the steel from who, you know, and.
Dad, which system could better, uh, absorb the other?
Yeah, exactly.
Well, that's, and, and, um, in Germany and the axis, more traditionally kind of monarchal
fascist dictatorships lost a military campaign to a coalition of basically neoliberal and socialist
states who of course, they spent the rest of the century fighting each other.
But the policies went nowhere.
The policies of globalism and conquest and expansion and killing whoever you want, taking whatever you
want, whenever that they went nowhere, they became, see the clockwork orange within the
Western world.
Yeah, they've, they've all gone further to the right.
And they've, and they've only gotten more powerful, more, have a bigger dominion, can impose their
will on more and better tools and technology to them.
But that's, so starting with America, like you said, I think it's essential to see, uh, this
picture of this movie, not in America and to see that Kubrick more or less finds the same
thing.
And when I say America, you know, as the forthright, what I'm really saying is like the Western leadership
of the world.
Yeah.
And Britain is kind of our, our kind of anemic twin, you know, um, but Britain, it's fascinating.
You know, he looks to the future in Britain and this is a guy who left America to go live
in England and present, you know, we'll talk about in Barry Lyndon, but presumably enjoyed
the English aesthetics and found it, you know, a little more classy, a little more, uh, edified
and enlightened than America.
But it's fascinating that he finds the same thing there too, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's, it's, it's interesting to plot out the rest of his filmography that way.
Cause he, you know, he got to London in like 64, like when, when everything was popping,
you know, all kinds of fascinating shit going on.
And then over the next decade or so, the, the British social democratic, you know, Clement
Atlee welfare state completely crumbles and, and we get, you know, apocalypse now we get
a clockwork orange and Enoch Powell and Thatcher.
And so he dives deeper into English history with Barry Lyndon and kind of goes like, Oh yeah,
that was there all along.
And, and, and then with the shining, you know, the shining, as, as you have said, you know,
the, the overlook hotel is kind of all of America at the same time.
And, and he dives deeper into that and goes like, Oh yeah, no, America has always been
this too.
And then full metal jacket is, is about these sort of, you know, these millennia old fucking
demons, uh, surfacing in, in the, the newest, most high tech possible way.
And then I think in, in that way, eyes wide shut, eyes wide shut is a movie that gets more
interesting every time I think about it.
And, and, and I think it's fascinating that he would go from, you know, these very big
movies, 2001, clockwork orange, you know, Barry Lyndon, full metal jacket shining.
And then with that one, he would make this movie where it is by no means apparent the
first time what is going on or what the point is.
And, and that if you dig into it enough, especially with the, you know, the news we've heard since
then, it's about like, Oh, these people you see as the classiest, most urbane, most sophisticated
people on the face of the earth, they are doing shit that their ancestors were doing 5,000
years ago.
Exactly.
And it goes to the, the first shot of Barry Lyndon.
You know, it's the first, the first shot of Barry Lyndon is almost a scene straight out
of Mel Brooks history of the world.
You have two guys in puffy shirts standing 20 feet across from each other, shooting each
other with pistols.
And if it was Mel Brooks, it would just have that scene silently with no narration.
And then a title will pop up that says the enlightenment, you know, two guys in puffy shirts shoot each
other to death.
I mean, it's literally a joke.
And you can see again, like you're saying, this has always been here.
This has always defined no matter how edified or sophisticated or enlightened we want to
pretend we are.
It has always been undergirded by violence.
That has always been this bottom line.
And the Omni ones like Alex are really only adhering to that and really only, they're the
kind of the true disciples of mankind.
And like I talked about, you know, with us figuring out how to build a nuke and then using it before
we figured out, you know, free health care.
It's hard to say.
Yeah.
It's hard to say he's wrong, you know?
Yeah.
And the specifically to thinking of those McGee scenes, I think the 2001, the idea that this
is sort of a sequel to 2001 is hinted at in a couple of lines in that.
And that before he before he jumps out of the window, Alex specifically says and blast
off forever out of this wicked, cruel world, which sounds like, you know, is someone having
the dream of getting away from Earth and restarting human civilization somewhere else.
And then when he wakes up in the hospital, he says, I came back to life after a long black,
black gap of what might have been a million years.
Oh, that's great.
I never thought of that.
Yeah.
And that like Alex is the he's the star child we actually got.
He's the star child in this universe.
That's what I said at the end of 2001.
It's a truly sincere and earnest note of hope from Kubrick.
Like maybe the next thing we evolved to could be better.
And then answering with Alex's eyes like, no, this is the one in this universe.
This universe.
Yeah, two years later.
Alex, it's fucking mind blowing.
But what you just said about this being a sequel to 2001 in some ways, there's another
one I've noted and I know other people have noted too.
But the first scene where he assaults the beggar, the beggar says, I can't remember exactly what
he says, but he says something about this being a stinking world.
And Alex says, oh, and what's so stinking about it?
Which first off is just a great note.
You know, Alex, the fascist loves this world because this world is violent.
This world, this is a world for the omni ones.
So this world is not even though he's, you know, a molested kid, abused kid at school.
Neoliberalism has failed him.
He has no future prospects.
He loves this world because it's a world of violence.
But then I digress.
The next thing the beggar says is a nod to 2001.
I took a note this time.
He says, it's no world for an old man any longer.
What kind of world is it at all?
Men on the moon and men spinning around the earth.
And there's not no attention paid to earthly law and order no more.
So that's absolutely, that goes back to this idea of a 2001 sequel as well.
I had just, I hadn't even thought of that line at the end.
But that line at the beginning, of course, stood out to me.
And then, of course, the 2001 record is in the record shop too.
And there's an interesting thing too that, you know, Kubrick, I expect, both because he noticed the details of everything and because as an American, you would notice certain stuff about British society more.
That the two people that Alex beats the shit out of in this movie who aren't members of Billy Boy's gang.
One of them is the guy at the beginning who has an Irish accent and is singing an Irish rebel song.
And the other one is Patrick McGee, who is Irish.
So there's a little nod in there that even in this stage of social development, the Irish get their fucking faces stomped in by the British.
Absolutely.
Well, that brings me to another point that we have talked about before.
And I want you to talk about it if you're down.
The idea that you talked about, you kind of saw a theme of the old eating the young in Kubrick's work.
Yeah.
And obviously, at the beginning of the movie, him and the Droogs assault the old man.
And then the whole move, basically, the whole plot of the movie is reversed for the second half.
And all the old beggars assault Alex.
And as he said, it was old age having a go at youth.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
What do you see of this theme of eating the young throughout Kubrick's work?
And America, the Western world, the modern world, specifically kind of built on cannibalizing the young.
Yeah.
I mean, I think that along with that idea that we talked about at the beginning with the false hope that you can technologize and systematize everything and it will just run smoothly.
I think the old betraying the young is one of the main Kubrick themes.
I mean, starting with, I probably don't have to explain Lolita very much.
Right.
Although, it is to me so grimly funny in that movie that in, like, the next to last scene, it's James Mason doing the, like, you know, what if we pretended we never met?
And we could, you know, but we could start again.
We could act.
We could act.
We've never met.
It could be.
It's there.
We were starting over.
And she's saying, no, no, no.
It can't be like.
And, you know, this is a stock scene in, you know, like, romantic drama movie.
Yeah.
And then you realize he's, like, 50 and she's, like, 14.
Like, you're not supposed to be relating to this.
Yeah.
And she goes, Lolita.
But then, you know, Dr. Strangelove is about a bunch of old men destroying the entire Earth and everyone younger than them so they can go underground and finally get their nut off and, you know, rebuild the world with their spawn.
And, you know, 2001 is about, you know, using technology to its fullest extent to arguably, depending on how you read that, sacrifice the entire future of humanity if it had gone the way it was maybe supposed to go.
And after this, obviously, Barry Lyndon, you have, you know, the aristocracy closing ranks to destroy this younger guy.
The Shining, I mean, shit, that movie is all about child abuse.
Full Metal Jacket, you know, that movie is about how you manufacture, you know, children into murderers.
And Eyes Wide Shut, that's about how you manufacture them into prostitutes, basically.
And so in Clockwork Orange, you're right, they make that specific, you know, flip, Alex going, it was old age having a go at youth.
But in a way, I think that is kind of what the movie is about because they, the people who work on Alex, they don't care about him.
And they also don't care about his victims.
Yeah.
They don't care about, you know, his friends and his, you know, co-conspirators.
What they care about is getting down crime statistics enough that they get reelected.
Yeah.
Or, you know, getting down crime statistics enough that they get more money for prisons, more money for policing.
You know, it's one of the grimace little notes in there that I missed until this time is that when he realizes Pete and Georgie have become cops.
Yeah.
He makes it clear.
He makes it clear.
Or rather, it's not in that scene.
It's when Alex is brought back to Patrick McGee's house.
And McGee is on the phone calling his friends.
And he says that the Ludovico technique is only half the program.
And that the other half is by hiring all these fucking street Nazis as cops.
That's the other way they're getting rid of crime, which is to say they're making crime legal as long as the police do it.
And if you just want a picture of the Fourth Reich, I mean, it's Dim going, well, well, well, well.
Yeah, that guy's face is awful.
It's incredible.
And just a perfect Kubrick meme of everything we're talking about here.
Two fascists become cops.
A job for two who are of now job age, you know?
Yeah.
Dim's face and the face of the guy who is trying to fuck Alex in prison are two of the worst faces a human being has ever had.
I noticed that the way the last two, they almost look at him like tenderly.
And he gives them like soft little kisses.
It's horrible.
Yeah, it's awful.
And by the way, too, with that theme of the old eating the young and McGee just wanting to exploit him and also making Nazis into fucking cops.
It is.
I heard this line and thought, like, this is the creed of our age.
This is the creed of social media.
When Alex, who is, of course, a rapist and a murderer, is sitting at the table with the writer's friends who he's called around.
And one of them says, like, now, aren't you the victim of that horrible new technique they've been using in the prisons?
And Alex goes, that's exactly who I am and what I am, sir.
A victim.
It's like, that's what everybody says every day now.
Absolutely.
That is who and what I am.
A victim.
You don't have to go far to see Alex DeLarge around you in a smiling face.
Yeah.
And that, well, that just obviously goes back to this whole idea we're talking about, the Fourth Reich and that.
But, again, we talked about earlier of fascism and violence being Alex's great equalizer.
This poor kid who neoliberalism has failed.
And there's a lot in this movie, like you talked about, already present in British society of a turn to the right and also, you know, a preview of the further turn to the right that this schismed neoliberal world would encourage in a lot of places.
Yeah.
A lot of poor people, like Alex, find that the way to fucking balance the scales is to turn farther right, become more violent, more fascist.
Of course, it doesn't really work like that.
And they mainly end up fighting each other and killing each other.
Yeah.
And that's kind of one of the grim brilliances of right-wing politics is that there's this thing that we use, the CIA, NATO, and Gladio used in Italy called the strategy of tension.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And the idea of the strategy of tension is basically that when there's an act of mass public violence or terrorism, it doesn't matter who did it.
Because what people always want after mass public violence is stronger government, more police, more surveillance, more weapons for the cops.
Hell, bring the army into town.
So even if a right-wing person did the terrorism, the government still goes to the right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And in the same way, in a situation like this, you have a violently right-wing government condemning millions and millions of people to absolute misery.
So what do they do?
Do they go left and try to form a union at the jobs they don't have?
No.
They go right.
Yeah.
The same people who you have turned into basically fucking concentration camp occupants, their only option is to swing even farther right than you are, be even more fucking ruthless than you are.
And most of them will get killed in the process.
And the few who don't, they'll sit courtside with you at Nick's games.
Absolutely.
An understanding between two friends.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And that's just, it's obviously horribly prescient and also just goes back to the idea of betraying the youth and eating the young.
You know, in a neoliberal Western world where like the average age of a senator is like 71 and it's all, you know, 99% of the wealth is owned by 1% of old rich white men basically.
And that's, you know, it's hard to say that that, that, that system of, uh, empiric system towards the youth and consuming them and using them over and over.
It's hard to say again that that's far fetched.
It's you.
You don't have to look far around to see that.
And I think you, you made an interesting point and, um, I can't remember which movie this was, but you were talking about like horror movie archetypes.
Oh yeah.
And mentioned, mentioned vampires.
Yes.
That was the eyes wide shut one.
Yeah.
The like, the fairly easy association I think for most people to make between vampires and pedophilia.
And, and I, I do wonder because we have gotten into this utterly vampiric stage of, of cultural and political development where everybody who is half fucking sane knows that things are on the way out and that the, the upper, upper, upper class, its goal is to just vampirically suck as much of our blood as is possible before everything blows up.
Yeah.
You know, if, if I, I can make myself, you know, even, even, you know, by force or by fucking money, by prostitution, if I can put myself in, you know, a sexual situation with an underage girl, it's like I'm young again.
You know, I, I will regain my vigor and old men have been very weirdly obsessed with regaining vigor for a long time.
Like, um, uh, William Butler Yeats, the legendary Irish poet, he thought basically he couldn't write unless he was horny.
And, um, he, in his old age, when his dick stopped working, he used to cut off the testicles of goats and sew them into his thigh to try to give him like more testosterone.
And in, in, in the same way, I wonder if some of these people, you know, the, uh, let's see for, for, for libel reasons, I'll say, how about the not Bill Clintons of the world?
Uh, if, if someone like not Bill Clinton, you know, looks at all this, all this money around him, all this power, all this influence can do basically anything he wants.
And if he, if he looks at something like not going to little St. James to not molest children, uh, if he then sees that as like, okay, this is the last and final taboo.
Right.
And if, if I can break the most basic and worst taboo and get away with it for years and years, maybe I can vampire my way through the rest of time.
Maybe it doesn't have to end, you know, cause I broke rule number one and if nothing happens to me when I break rule number one, maybe that will keep me alive through all the rest of this.
Well, and that, that vampirism of the youth by the old, the betrayal of the youth by the old, it goes right back to the Omni One philosophy.
And like, Oh yeah.
Like I've been saying in this series, you know, that, uh, that's presented as like violence is man's ultimate characteristic.
And the Omni Ones are the, the true believers, the true followers who heed the call to violence.
I am not saying, and certainly Kubrick is not saying that is right though.
Like these.
Oh no, no.
And basically like what I'm saying, the Omni One philosophy comes back to fear.
It comes back to the existential fear of like, you're going to die one day.
So let me, it's all about me and the culture of me and imposing my will upon the universe.
So I need to live as long as possible and your money, your oil, your labor, your fucking oxygen.
I'm going to take it for me.
So that would of course go hand in hand with this.
Yeah.
Consuming the youth and, you know, uh, you know, consuming them for every possible day.
You can get every, every second, every second more you can get as an Omni One.
So if we're going to talk about consuming the youth, maybe we should talk for a second about
Molaco plus Drenchrome.
I was going to bring that.
If we're on the topic, maybe this is a good time to talk about, yes.
Molaco plus Drenchrome.
Okay.
So you got, this, this movie came out in 1971.
Yes.
And Kubrick being Kubrick, I would assume he probably started on it, uh, at least two
years before it came out.
I don't know when he actually started filming, but you know, clearly I would say 69 or 70 for
it to come out in 71.
And you've got these bars, which incidentally are the only other well-maintained place in,
in their entire world, these bars whose purpose is to, uh, feed drugs to like teenagers.
Speaking of these, uh, the stuff we were talking about before, you know, how, how do you, how
do you get a such massive distribution of these drugs that anyone at any time of the day could
just walk in and take them?
Yeah.
Weird.
Um, but yeah.
Okay.
So first they say, uh, Molaco plus Velocet.
And you can guess from Velocet, that's probably, you know, speed.
Yeah.
Amphetamine is some kind.
And synthamesc, synthetic mescaline, I would assume, andrenochrome, which is what we were
drinking.
Yeah.
What's very weird about this is that the word adrenochrome became well known after Fear
and Loathing in Las Vegas by, by Hunter S. Thompson was published.
There is the famous scene in that movie in which, uh, he is given a vial of adrenochrome
by Dr. Gonzo and has a complete nightmare hallucination.
And according to Hunter Thompson, adrenochrome was just a word he heard once hurt, heard a
doctor use.
It wasn't a drug.
Nobody was doing it as a drug.
And, um, he used to laugh at people who would, uh, you know, meet him and say like,
Oh man, I did adrenochrome like you said, and I fucking tripped balls.
And he'd be like, no, no, you did.
But, um, he has, I believe the Rolling Stone, uh, serialization of Fear and Loathing was in
71.
And then the book was in 72.
Uh, they might've both been 72, but at the very least 71.
So if, if Hunter Thompson just picked adrenochrome at random to be a thing to put in this story,
how the fuck did Stanley Kubrick know to put it in a clockwork orange?
Yeah.
Going back to the eyes wide shut episode.
I wonder if he got invited to some parties.
I wonder if he knew some people and knew some things.
Yeah.
And even, I mean, even Hunter Thompson, do you know, sorry to interrupt.
Do you know literally what adrenochrome is?
Like it's, you know, I've, I've looked at this before.
Uh, adrenochrome is a, I'm going to see if I can find this out.
It's some kind of neurotransmitter.
It is a real thing.
It's like from an adrenaline grant.
Is that right?
Uh, adrenochrome is a chemical compound produced by the oxidation of adrenaline.
Um, it was a subject of limited research from the fifties to the seventies as a potential
Scott, uh, potential cause of schizophrenia.
Um, and I, I guess they could have heard of it, you know, if, if they were reading literature
on, you know, mental, mental health and mental illness and come across the word adrenochrome,
but a, that doesn't suggest anything about it being a drug, you know, that, that suggests
it's like a problematic naturally occurring chemical chemical and be in fear and loathing.
Um, when he, when, uh, uh, uh, uh, fucking a hundred Thompson is given the adrenochrome,
uh, Dr. Gonzo hands it to him and he goes, Oh, I hear there's only, uh, one source for this
stuff, a, uh, living human body.
It's like, why would he know anything about the extraction of adrenochrome from a living
body and that you couldn't get it any other way?
Like, cause apparently there is synthetic adrenochrome now.
Um, uh, I have been told by people who, uh, have done drugs that I would not do that, that
it doesn't really do anything, but why would Hunter Thompson be talking about how you need
to get adrenochrome from a living body and he's introducing this word to most people.
And then it's in a movie the year before that, that, that is very uncomfortable to me.
Well, and clearly, you know, just on a basic level where we're working with this fascinating,
you know, the whole second movie, second half of this movie, you know, mirrors the first
half.
So there's a fascinating mirroring of serum 114 with, you know, this state drugging Alex
with that, with also the neoliberal state, this, this Korova milk bar drugging the youth
with, uh, basically designer experimental drugs, you know?
Yeah.
Uh, and obviously there's a statement of Kubrick that like, cause this is made at the time when,
you know, weed and acid and stuff are just being popularized.
So the statement that in the future, we're going to be doing these fucking CIA designed
lab drugs.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But then during the inclusion of adrenochrome still is specific and pointed.
You could have included a lot of other experimental research chemicals.
Yeah.
Like anything else.
Like anything anyone at the time would have heard of.
Like people would have known like mescaline or velozet, like obviously velocity, like speed,
like you're saying, but yeah, it's suddenly this other thing that if you don't, if you
haven't heard about fucking Epstein and shit, you might not, or red fear and loathing, you
might not have any idea of at the time.
So yeah, so it's interesting.
This, this is a complete guess, but if I had to guess what happened, I think probably you'd
get something like this, that, you know, Vietnam is going on heavy at this point.
We have all of our worst fucking CIA special forces, you know, Lerp fucking long range patrol
sniper, the, the, the most insane people this country has ever produced.
And they are out there doing whatever the fuck they want.
And given the kinds of people Hunter Thompson hung out with it, it wouldn't surprise me if
someone, you know, either who was, you know, just insane or trying to sound cool was like,
oh yeah, no, the best drug you can fucking take is adrenochrome, but you got to get that
shit out of a living body, you know, trying to come off as like a tough and Hunter Thompson
was probably like, yeah, okay, sure.
Whatever.
Um, that doesn't explain how Kubrick would have known about it.
And it also doesn't explain why.
Um, like I said earlier, there, there is apparently synthetic adrenochrome now.
Uh, why?
Yeah.
For, for whom?
For, for what purpose?
And I would kind of, if again, just guessing, I would think it came out of some serious like
war crime Vietnam shit.
And then, uh, Thompson put it in the book.
And ever since then, there have been people who think it's real trying to do it.
Um, but the fact that Kubrick knew about it before that suggests that maybe some of those
people were trying to do it before that too.
Um, so basically what I'm saying is, um, if Stanley Kubrick just happened to have a, a,
an eight millimeter negative role of, I don't know, given the time and place, um, not Henry
Kissinger, uh, drinking adrenochrome from the not skull of a not child.
I wouldn't, uh, I wouldn't be like, that wouldn't, uh, upend my worldview.
Let's say he had to go to the after party after he shot the fake moon landing for the CIA.
And you know, they had to have some exotic party favors there.
So yeah, Kissinger was there.
I don't know if you have tried this particular elixir, but it is most enchanting.
Yeah.
And that, well, either way, fascinating Malaco, Malaco plus drink chrome, but also, as you
said, fascinating, you know, that, uh, the Koroba milk bar is one of the only places we
see, uh, you know, in good repair and like thriving and flourishing.
And there's something very fascinating about them drinking their drugs in milk and getting
the, it's like mother's milk from the teat.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then getting that, you know, we see again through the beginning and the end, this whole
reversal of the second half, the state both giving them the drugs that caused the ultra
violence and then giving them the serum to fix the ultra violence.
So there's a fascinating, you know, it's not literally the state running Koroba milk bar,
but it's presumably a legal bar.
It might be.
It's a legal establishment.
It's like people go there, you know.
And the, the, yeah.
And like you said, yeah, not it might be, it definitely is.
Where do they get the fucking drink from?
The, uh, the use of Nadsat, the, the Russian derived slang is fascinating to me too.
Cause like, uh, Kurova is a cow in, in Russian and all the other ones, uh, Razudok and, uh,
Slushy and Spachka.
That to me really brings home the point of pure aestheticism with nothing beneath it because
they're, they're stealing this, uh, this lingo.
I think some of it was already slang that, um, in Russian Nadsat means teen, like teenager.
Uh, so that, that's why it's called that.
Cause it was like teenager slang and they have taken this stuff from Russia, obviously that
they think is cool on some level, but the idea of their society being not even more like
Russia say, but just compared to Russia never enters anyone's mind.
Yeah.
Well, and that's fascinating.
Alex, the Beethoven Reich loving fascist using Russian slang, you know, in theory, like socialist
slang, this guy who loves Germany and loves the Reich and fantasizes about Hitler and Beethoven.
Yeah.
Using Russian slang.
And it goes back to this idea of the aestheticization of politics and that creating the perfect storm
for fascism to take over.
That when, when you're speaking in Russian slang and, you know, dressing like a droog and listening
to German music and extolling the virtues of the Reich and have your dancing Jesus's that
you make dance to Beethoven and you're like, he's just, like you're saying, he's just this,
this mashup of things he thinks are cool and these aesthetics.
And the only through line is this Omni one bottom line of violence.
But that does absolutely, you know, I say this is a movie about fascism within neoliberalism
and it is, but it's also very much about how, like you're saying, if all we pay attention
to our aesthetics, then that allows the wolves in the door.
That absolutely is the prime conditions for the Omni ones to take over.
There's, in the main Mr. Deltoid speech, there's a hilarious line where he's talking about,
you know, studying social problems and deviancy and truancy.
And he goes, hey, we've studied it.
Yes.
We've been studying it for damn near a century.
Yes.
It's like, well, you've been studying it for damn near a century in this one exact context.
Yeah.
Like, if your society is the thing that creates these people, the answer will not be found
in your society.
Yeah.
Well, and that's perfectly mirrored by the end that what impels them, you know, to reverse
the Ludovico process is just appearances.
It's just political pressure on Brodsky and Minister Frederick.
It's, you know, there's no, there's not for one second a reconsideration of crime and punishment
or how we rehabilitate criminals or maybe the state shouldn't, you know, use drugs to
impose their will on down to a person's very soul.
Did you notice too that in, and there's kind of the, after Alex jumps out the window, there's
the montage of like newspapers mentioning him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he is Alex Burgess.
Yeah.
In every one of those newspapers.
And they list that he's credited as Alex DeLarge.
And I think they do.
Yeah.
I think they do make reference specifically to DeLarge.
I can't remember what they say.
Yeah.
He says in the, the.
The prison intake.
The.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Alexander DeLarge.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've always wondered if, if that was just a thing that got changed early in production
or if Kubrick was personally making fun of Anthony Burgess.
There is a note.
It is from Burgess.
I just remember it.
And I haven't shouted it out yet.
This episode, the Stanley Kubrick archives edited by Alison Castle.
It's a phenomenal book.
If you're interested in this series, you should go buy it.
There is a note about that.
And it was some reference to Burgess, obviously.
And now I can't remember what it is.
So there's a nice secret for the listener.
Go look that up.
You can find it, what it actually is.
But yeah, that's.
I just have to put.
Oh, go ahead.
Oh, sorry.
No, no, you go ahead.
I just had to point out too that a scene I always crack up at, but never remember afterwards,
which is when they take him from, they take Alex from the prison to the Ludovico Treatment
Center.
Yes.
And, and there's this, first of all, the, the jump stop he does is incredible.
Uh, but then the shot that it's like this swelling English classical music is very specifically
English.
Yeah.
Uh, not German romantic.
I think it's a part of pomp and circumstance.
I think it's.
Yeah.
I believe it's Elgar.
Yeah.
And it's so funny because, you know, Alex has these insane world conquering Nazi dreams
to German romantic music.
And then for swelling English music, it's just a guy signing paperwork for five straight minutes.
Yes.
But that scene that once again is a perfect encapsulation of the fourth right and a perfect
encapsulation.
I love in that scene and they do it, uh, they do pomp and circumstance there.
And then when the minister visits the prison and there's a, yeah, that's right.
It's a great reversal of the Alex and Beethoven theme that Alex, the fascist is scored by the
German Reich Beethoven and the British neoliberalists, this fourth Reich are scored by British pomp and
circumstance.
That's their music where they get their divine inspiration and their version of violence is a prison warden, uh, or a prison
chief guard signing a child's life over to a government hospital.
Like, yeah, that's, that's, they do it.
Exactly.
That's the whole problem.
You know, the, the Nazis did it with gas and we do it with, with contracts.
Exactly.
That's if you can't understand this idea of the fourth right by now, I hope you do, but
that's, that's what we're talking about.
That's, and can you see like, that's a type of violence you can get away with.
They get away with it every single day in this country.
They get away with it every single day in this world, a million times over.
So that is why the fourth right can away is more dangerous than the third, right?
Cause no one's looking out for it and they get away with it.
Yeah.
Third one was real obvious.
Like they put skulls on their hats and shit.
Yeah.
We don't really do that as much anymore.
Yeah.
And like we talked about this whole movie is a Testament.
I think that's why he Kubrick made this to show you the smiling face of the fourth right,
that the fourth right's not going to be in leather trench coats.
It's going to be a groovy like Alex.
It's going to be a guy.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Bohemian clothes.
Similar.
I talked about, uh, interesting.
That's kind of a theme like Jack and Wendy in the shining are bohemians too, that they go on
to represent white colonial genocide.
And, uh, he does a lot of, he doesn't make his, his, uh, kind of reprehensible fourth right
characters, you know, war hawks or conservatives.
They're, they're groovy.
They're bohemian.
Yeah.
I think that's a very interesting thing about the, um, the timing of Kubrick's life and career,
because he was old enough that he wasn't part of the like Beatles, you know, hippie boom.
He was, he was like, I mean, I don't know what music Kubrick actually liked, but in terms
of age, he's like a bebop, you know, like beat poetry type guy.
Uh, he was a, he was young and, and a kid in like the fifties.
And, um, so by the sort of mid sixties counterculture boom, he's already a little too old for that.
So he can, I think this movie is about him observing that extremely keenly as someone who
was not in it.
And then from the shining onward, he can also observe how all these, you know, one time
fucking members of the communist party of the USA are now bourgeois bohemians who, you
know, want to own a million dollar condo in New York.
Yeah, absolutely.
That's, and, and it's, yeah, it's, it's just a great image and meme and reminder of, of
fascism existing within liberalism and them having become one in the same.
And that, you know, the modern fascist is not gonna, it's going to be a dude who talks
to you at the party about like the new Toro y Moi.
You know, it's going to be a guy who does that and then goes back and charges like $700
a pill to cancer patients.
You know, that's, that's the new fascist.
That's the new Hitler youth.
It's going to be a groovy dude who can pick up two chicks and have a threesome in the record
store, you know?
Um, but yeah, I think that's, uh, I think that's kind of the essential understanding
of this movie is a picture of the fourth Reich, that being the clock, the clockwork
orange.
I was, oh, go ahead.
I was just going to say that the most important thing about this movie and all of Kubrick's
movies is that we have to keep sending weapons to Ukraine.
Absolutely.
It's the Noctigal.
We have to help it.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
So that, I think, uh, you know, we've been going pretty long here and I guess we could
wrap it up soon if you're getting ready, but, uh, I guess I'll go ahead and do a commentary.
I may do a commentary as part two and I'll get a lot more into like the style and, uh,
you know, how revolutionary this movie was.
But I think that.
Yeah.
Cause I, I want to hear that too.
I want to hear about all the, you know, the technicalities involved.
It's, it's still just a mind blowing fucking movie for Kubrick, Mr. Attention to Detail.
This is like by far his most punk and just insanely ambitious movie.
He made it, uh, in between obviously 2001 and, uh, trying to get Barry Lyndon made.
And he, I think it was the shortest shooting schedule of any of his movies and he made it.
I think I read that.
Yeah.
Totally off the cuff.
And to see Mr. Composition, visual composition, you know, do a sped up orgy scene.
It's like, Holy shit.
There's nothing like this.
So yeah, I'll get more into that.
But yeah, I think that, um, this Kubrick quote that I kind of started off this series,
I'll read it again here.
Kubrick said, I think, believe this is from the time of around Paths of Glory around 1957.
Uh, he said, I'm interested in the brutal and violent nature of man because it's a true
picture of him.
And any attempt to create social institutions on a false view of the nature of man is probably
doomed to failure.
So I think that's why these movies are like vitally important and why I wanted to do this
series and why I think your show is vitally important.
And I've talked about before, you know, you could sound, uh, we could both sound like misanthropes
through our shows.
We could both sound like, yeah, like people who think mankind is a mistake.
And, and Kubrick can sound the same way that he's a misanthrope and that like mankind is
a perversion and a mistake from God.
But I think that's really not what he's doing.
I think he's really trying to show us an alternate history.
That's just attempting to be honest about the fucking river of blood that runs underneath
us, you know?
And that, yeah.
Cause I mean, if I think part of what he means is that if you were dishonest with yourself
about the nature of violence and about how it happens, when someone comes along and says
something to you like, well, what if we could use a government program to, uh, cut all the
violence out of everyone and stop crime?
You're going to go like, well, yeah, sounds great.
That's yeah.
And then you're in fucking trouble.
Yeah.
That's why I think I've already said, and I repeated myself, like I do a lot on this
show, but that's why I said, I think that's why he made this movie.
I think that's why he forced us to sit through the singing in the rain scene, uh, to give
a fucking, to show the fucking fangs behind the smiling neoliberal face.
Every time you hear McDonald's say, we care, we're, we're helping the poor urban black communities
by pumping poison into them.
You know, every time you see the smiling face of the neoliberal world saying, this is the way
forward.
And we're, we're not going down into the mud.
We're reaching up into the stars.
Picture fucking singing in the rain.
That's what, that's what's happening to you.
He's saying, baby, well, brother.
Next time you, you know, get on YouTube and you're stuck with the ad, you can't skip from
Google going in 2022, more people than ever searched.
They searched.
Who am I?
How can I change?
What can I do to help the world?
No, just, just think I'm singing in the rain.
Absolutely.
Well, I think that's a perfect place to, uh, to end this, to understand the Clockwork
Orange as the picture of the Fourth Reich, a movie about fascism within liberalism.
The movie about the Omni ones, the ones who, uh, heed the divine call to violence and they
understand that is and always will be the bottom line.
And that's the world we live in today.
That's schismed reality.
So I think that's why, I know that's why I'm doing these shows.
I think that's a big reason why you do your show is to, for someone to just be honest.
And let me tell you, let me thank you for your excellent work.
Obviously you're my brother and I would listen anyway, but it is absolutely worth, uh, $5 a
month to hear someone just be honest in this schismed fallen world, in this Clockwork
Orange world we live in.
So, yeah, I think that's why Kubrick made these movies and hopefully that's hopefully
what this podcast could do for you.
And, uh, what we're both trying to do here to some degree is try to show an honest part
of history, an honest side of history that does acknowledge the river of blood and does
show you the Clockwork Orange.
So, yeah.
Well, thank you for having me on.
It's, it's no, no joke.
It's an honor to be on here.
Oh man, it's an honor to have you as my first guest.
And, and obviously I'm going to leave it open for you to come on and talk about any
movie.
Obviously these movies are so dense and there's so much to unpack, uh, and they're very dramatic
and can be very dark, but I'm down to talk about any movie.
You know, we can, we can talk about, uh, Starship Troopers.
That'd be sick to do an episode on that.
God, that'd be a good one.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I want to leave it open to you and other people, you know, other cool guests.
If you ever, you ever feel like I want to do something about Starship Troopers, but it won't
fit in a full episode of my show, come on the Judge Movies podcast.
This, we'll have a home for it.
What we gotta do, we have to do the, the final seven hour reckoning.
Lawrence of Arabia, sus or not.
Yes.
We have to unpack the problematic white protagonist.
Yes.
No, that'll be great.
Well, I think, uh, yeah, I think at this point I'll probably do a commentary as a part
two, if for anyone listening.
So, uh, that'll probably come out later, a few days after this, uh, cause we've covered
so much here, but I think if you can kind of see this movie again, not as the ultimate
youth movie, not as the ultimate picture of ultra violence, but as a clockwork orange,
a story about a world that appears one way on the surface and contains a brutal and violent
cold mechanical power structure within.
Uh, I think that's as good a place as any for us to stop here and to get into the commentary
next time.
So, Michael, thank you so much.
Uh, this was great.
And please obviously plug, uh, death is just around the corner.
It's patreon.com slash death is just around the corner or death.
I think it's, it's, uh, patreon.com slash death quarter.
And you can, your Twitter is at corpse in orbit.
Correct.
Yes.
C O R P S E I N O R B I T.
So you can find it either way through there.
So thank you, bruv.
This was great.
Yeah.
Thank you, man.
Yeah.
I suppose, uh, I can stop recording now.
Okay.
All right.
Bye everybody.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
You see, we are looking after your interests.
We are interested in you.
But when you leave here, you will have no worries.
We shall see to everything.
A good job on a good set.
What job and how much?
You must have an interesting job and a salary which you would regard as adequate.
Not only for the job that you are going to do and in compensation for what you believe
you have suffered, but also because you are helping us.
Helping you, sir.
We always help our friends, don't we?
You can be instrumental in changing the public's verdict.
Do you understand, Alex?
Do I make myself clear?
As an unmoded lake, Fred.
As clear as an azure sky of deepest summer.
You can rely on me, Fred.
Good.
Good, boy.
Oh, yes.
I understand you are fond of music.
I have arranged a little surprise for you.
Surprise?
One that I hope that you will like.
As a, um...
How shall we put it?
As a symbol of our new understanding.
An understanding between two families.
We are still inischen and represents the respect to the good abge insoport.
Not only in one, our company does not believe what the publishers are pending in model.
We are still like a few people, as a founder of the Ter accelerated Golot Koofer.
Asork thinks that we are poor on this level, that is not good for us to recognize ourselves.
Applications and views complement the  and the pulse structure of the utility of the cape.
Asking tab, we'll do everything.
At least for all the notices that we have connected.
And all of these changes happen, with Caps and evangelists, and for all of these things just as diversity of invisibility.
At least for all of us, I think we have had more or two knives and for our example before.
At least a well-boy.
The steering filter list of members include them, could be a significant gller and to know how to examine Ganshkam numbers,
Thank you.
