Psst. Dopers ESP, doc. Dopers ESP.
Oh no. Make foot, you motherfucker.
Okay doc, you have what looks to be a 20 kilo inconvenience in your trunk.
Bigfoot no doubt putting out word to that in effect.
And once again, you're the bait.
So let's formulate a plan.
Starting with ditching this Asian shit someplace fast.
No tango can't get a fuck out of our key.
All right. Synced up and then I will begin.
You just heard a piece of music that is called Under the Paving Stones the Beach.
Which is one translation of a French phrase,
Sous les pavés la plage, that was used a lot in the May 1968 riots in Paris,
particularly by a group called the Situationists.
And it's the first phrase you see in both the movie and the book, Inherent Vice.
And we're going to talk a lot about that phrase and how it doesn't mean the same thing in different places.
But, before that, as a general introduction,
it's been a couple of stupid fucking weeks on the internet.
I hope you got dumber.
I know I got dumber.
Now you all know that I'm secretly the head of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms.
So we can move on without any pretenses.
And because the current events shit is dumb right now,
I wanted to do an episode that I've been wanting to do for a long time.
An episode that is about a movie, but isn't like a movie, you know, a recap episode.
And any time, any time movies are involved, I know I have to get the man who knows.
Truly, truly, no joke, the finest film watcher of anyone I've ever met.
My brother, Judge, who is here with us right now.
Hello. Thank you for having me.
Yeah, absolutely.
And the idea to do Inherent Vice came, I can't remember actually where it originated,
but I wanted to ask you about it in the context of what you're doing on your show right now
or one thing you're doing on your show, which is kind of sort of L.A. Noire,
but not L.A. Noire as like genre fiction.
You know, not L.A. Noire as kind of a revival or a deconstructed version of film noir or whatever,
but as kind of one of the more accurate sort of secret historical documents in recent American history.
And you just did Chinatown a little while ago.
So what is it?
And I think I know in broad strokes, but what is it you're seeing in these movies that are normally kind of written off to be,
you know, they're great genre fiction, right? But they still are a little pulpier or whatever that that is actually way more fucking vital,
way more on the main line than any self-serious American movie about modern history.
Yeah. Well, there's so much I want to say. First of all, I'm glad you wanted to do this.
And I needed if I was going to talk about a Pinchon movie, I definitely needed you because everything I know about Pinchon comes from you.
And I am not. I'll be trying to keep up. I just like movies and I just watch them a lot.
So I'll be trying to keep up this whole episode. But, you know, living in L.A. seven, eight years now and, you know, watching this movie a lot.
I have a lot to say, hopefully that'll be worthwhile.
But yeah, I think I really wanted to do this, obviously with you again, but as the follow up to Chinatown, because I think they both work in concert really well to tell the story of L.A.
I've come to think, you know, there's so much to say here and I don't want to rant, but like I've come to think L.A. in a lot of ways is the most American city because it's this fabricated city that wasn't supposed to be here.
And America is a fabricated nation that wasn't supposed to be here. Exactly.
We are not the rightful inhabitants of this land. And it didn't spring up naturally the way, you know, the other world superpowers, Russia and China, ancient civilizations, you know, places like that.
We are not that this is less than three, four hundred, five hundred years since the white man came here and conquered.
So. In a way, I hope I'm not all over the place, but more or less like I've come to think that L.A. and Vegas, the two false kind of capitals, this fucking Sodom and Gomorrah out here, they are the most American cities.
And in a way, I think that noir is a proper level to tell the story of America.
Like we we're not we're not ancient Greece. We're not ancient China. We're not. We don't deserve Homer to tell our story.
Yeah, this isn't it's not Tolstoy.
Exactly. We don't we don't deserve Tolstoy or exactly. And and.
Yeah, it feels like Philip Marlowe is or or James Elroy or Thomas Pinchon writing a noir here or Robert Towne writing the noir of Chinatown.
It feels like that's the kind of proper level to understand America, especially L.A., because L.A. is inherently a crime.
It is inherently a theft. It is a slow motion genocide and theft of land and people that have now lasted a century plus since, you know, Chinatown.
Chinatown. And I remember you saying one time, God, now I'm trying to remember exactly how you said it.
Well, anyway, I'll get back to it. But basically with Chinatown, if anyone's heard the episode of that, my podcast that I did on Chinatown, more or less.
That was about the physical theft of L.A.
That was about the Los Angeles Basin, this prime piece of real estate that did not belong to the white man and did not belong to the American and how the land developer overlords physically stole this place.
And they built this false empire with stolen resources, with stolen land and stolen water in 1937.
That movie is based in. So I really wanted to follow it up with what, 30, 33 years later here in 1970 with an advice about the theft of the culture, whatever was free and rebellious here.
Whatever was supposed to be here, the promise of the endless summer and the summer of love in the 60s, post Manson, post Manson and the CIA winning the culture war of the 60s.
And your advice to me is ultimately about the theft of kind of the spiritual, the physical or the psychic, the psychological, the spiritual, the whatever, again, whatever freedom and rebellion this this real American coast by the sea was supposed to represent.
I think Inherent Vice is really brilliantly about a few people stumbling upon the edge of that great machine, having already won the war in L.A.
and like barely seeing the edges of it and the consequences of that in this moment in time.
And to me, it's really like Chinatown, an essential piece of work to understand how we get to modern L.A. now, 53 years later from Inherent Vice.
Yeah, exactly. And that's, I think, one of the things Pinchon is best at is giving you enough edges of enough different things to see that they are all one gigantic thing, but you can't see the entirety of it.
You only have enough details to make a point here and a point here, to do the rust hole fucking in the bunker with the photos on the corp board and everything.
And I want to talk about that as it applies to the golden fang, this idea of Inherent Vice.
And I should say here, we're not going to be doing like a full on, you know, recap of what happens in the movie, because what's funny about Inherent Vice as a noir is that we tend to associate noirs with really, really complicated plots that have, you know, triple crosses and nobody is who they say they are.
And you get basically the whole plot of Inherent Vice in like three minutes.
Yeah, and it's similar to Chinatown. The whole plot happens in the meeting at the beginning. You see Hollis, you see they want to build the dam.
Yeah, it's a really brilliant use of noir by Pinchon. Yeah, the whole plot's laid out in the first scene.
Yeah, it's just that this real estate developer is being used for weird purposes by people who are trying to get something out of him.
And it eventually becomes clear that that has to do with him, you know, having a fucking hippie period where he feels horrible about what he's done to this place, or rather that he has done this place at all.
And they're trying to, you know, get him back with the main herd and prevent him from kind of falling off. And all that is right there. That's the first conversation Shasta and Doc have.
The rest of it is finding out all the details and edges where that permeates. And that I think is one of the things Pinchon is best at, is at he himself, what does he call it in Gravity's Rainbow?
He calls it mapping onto coordinate systems of, of taking, you know, eight, nine, ten different things that might, in a less comprehensive worldview, be seen as separated, and then mapping them onto each other so that each one becomes a metaphor for all the others.
And there's, you know, and there's this infinite depth of, you know, how low you can go, and you never hit bottom because you just spin back around into the top again.
Because it's, you know, this Ouroboros thing. It's, it's self-consuming, but it never dies. And, and like you were just saying about the, the, the Chinatown era, you know, destruction of LA.
Okay. There's that, um, the section, the sort of, uh, Greek chorus of the movie. The thing she says in the scene where, uh, Doc goes to see Channel View Estates for the first time, which is a scene I want to talk about because I fucking love that.
Uh, where she says, uh, where she says the long, sad history of LA land use, Mexican families bounced, uh, bounced out, out of Chavez Ravine for Dodger Stadium, American Indians kicked out of Bunker Hill for the Music Center, and now Tariq's Old Turf for Channel View Estates.
And part of what, uh, part of what gets me about the Channel View thing and about the departed Michael K. Williams great little scene in this movie is that he comes in, uh, to Doc's office and he doesn't say, like, my neighborhood looks different.
Or, or he doesn't say, you know, they've torn all this shit down and put all this other shit up. He says, you know, my old turf is just not there.
I mean, not there, like, gone. Because to the people who actually inhabit these fucking places, uh, which of course in, in this context in Los Angeles is largely gonna be people of various kinds of oppressed minorities, this, this is the world, right? This is the real world.
And they don't get to, and I think this is one of the major splits in the movie, um, for the people who run everything, they have the luxury of knowing that basically none of this is real.
Well, that as long as they're still making money out of it, as long as the dollars keep flipping, as long as the deals keep getting signed, as long as your bank, you know, never fucking calls in a line of credit on you, it's kind of not real.
It's all just in the flux. You know, they're, it's all play in the float.
Yeah.
And Channel View Estates might, uh, you know, fuck up on its own terms, but as long as that's made up for with something somewhere else, who really cares?
And the people who live there, well, they're, I mean, they're not really people, are they?
Because they live in a fake place that we made up.
That, it fucking kills me that I even wrote down, uh, the exact wording of, uh, Bigfoot, of, of Josh Brolin doing the ad for Channel View Estates,
saying, a view of the Dominguez Flood Control Channel that can only be described in two words.
Right on.
Bigfoot, we will talk about Bigfoot Bjornsson, that may be Josh Brolin's best performance, and what an incredible character.
Yeah.
Just a perfect character.
Yeah, one of his absolute best, and I think that's an interesting point, too.
Bigfoot is, is one of about two, three things where I think, um, uh, Paul Thomas Anderson made really important big choices in how to depart from the book.
And, and, and Bigfoot is one of them.
But, um, as a sort of general overview to, to what we're talking about here, um, I want to just suggest an idea that I just had while, uh, while watching this the last time.
And, and then get into more specific things about the movie, but mostly because I'm curious to hear what you have to say about this.
Um, Paul Thomas Anderson is way too great a fucking artist to ever go, you know, oh, here's my Trump movie.
You know, here's my movie about the Trump era.
But I was trying to think of Trump movies, not in that they're about him, but in that they, they, you know, they concretize, they incarnate something about this time.
And to me, uh, the master and inherent vice are always going to be joined at the hip because, um, some of you may know that Paul Thomas Anderson had a lot of trouble getting financing for the master, as you would imagine, in a city that's partly run by the Church of Scientology.
And the person who agreed to finance it, which I believe was Megan Ellison, uh, uh, the, the woman, Anna Perna, Larry Ellison's daughter, um, she already owned the film rights to inherent vice.
And her deal was, if, if I finance your Scientology movie, you got to make this Thomas Pinchon movie for me, which I guess Paul Thomas Anderson at the beginning was not necessarily that excited about.
Cause how the fuck do you film a Thomas Pinchon novel?
I can imagine that's, that's, that could be a nightmare for directors, the, the unadaptable works.
Exactly.
But I think those two accidentally harnessed together become sort of the diptych of the Trump era or more specific, the early years leading to the Trump era as, as we will record it in history.
Because I think both of those movies in, in very different ways, in very different terrains with very different characters are about two basic things.
The master and inherent vice that is that, uh, number one, when people fucking have nothing, when you offer people nothing, when you force them over and over and over and over to look at a world that says, fuck you, fuck you.
There's nothing for you.
Only fake L. Ron Hubbard name.
Yeah.
So you see that with Lancaster Dodd and the cause.
Um, and then Trump is the obvious comparison, but you also see it with the way that, as you say, the, the psychic terrain of whatever it was that, you know, any kind of freedom or creativity or just little rip in time that was genuinely opened by whatever happened in the late sixties.
And then you see it with the way that, you know, the way that that can be projected upon to me and absolutely fucking anything by absolutely anyone, including people who are, uh, very, very malignant.
And there's a joke in the book that, um, is only kind of alluded to in the movie that you remember he doc's office is a doctor's office.
And as he's, uh, going by someone else in the hallway, he says doctor.
And that person says doctor.
Um, and the reason doc is in a doctor's office and the reason he's called doc in, in the novel is that, um, he is renting the empty office next to the office of a doctor who was once a real legitimate doctor, but now basically just sells people amphetamines.
Amphetamines that, that, that people come in, you know, complaining of fatigue or whatever, and he shoots them up with speed.
And, um, that is exactly how the actual, you know, psychopharmacological process of the Manson shit went that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That all these kids are streaming into the fucking hate street free clinic all throughout the mid sixties.
And some of them, their doctors, uh, they don't know it, but their doctors are working for the CIA people like Roger Smith.
And they think they're going there for fucking, you know, gonorrhea treatment or whatever.
But Roger Smith, as he did to the Manson family is giving them LSD, all sorts of insane hallucinogens.
And then all of a sudden, as a matter of research, as a matter of company policy, cuts off the LSD and switches them to amphetamines.
And there's this gigantic fucking crime spike in San Francisco, really all over Southern California.
And the, the Manson murders, as we know them, whatever the fuck actually happened there, which we'll probably never know.
There is almost certainly some element of a drug deal gone wrong that was escalated and escalated by the fact that everyone involved was in fucking amphetamine psychosis.
You know, everybody is cranked during this.
And you, you see not just the obvious, uh, incidents like, you know, Bigfoot being a fucking hippie in commercials about real estate or whatever, which are so funny.
And by the way, I just got to say the shot of him throating the frozen banana.
All time.
One of the foot.
I love, I love later during a montage, it cuts back to that, but just, uh, Doc's face.
It's just like, oh my God.
Yeah.
I have so much I want to say about Bigfoot.
Doc is, Doc is looking at him like, at first he's like disgusted and then he's kind of amazed.
And then by the end, by the time he chokes, Doc has this look like, don't hurt yourself.
Like, you're going too far.
Yeah.
It reminds me of the, at the end after Bigfoot fucking shoves the whole weed tray in his mouth.
He's like, oh, are you okay, brother?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's a part of, there's so much I want to say.
I don't want to.
No, no, not at all.
That's incredible shot.
And something we'll get to because that's actually not how that happens in the novel,
which is a very interesting departure.
So, I'm talking about the sort of the Trump era with Inherit Vice and the Master.
On the one hand, you have these two things that can never be fucking separated, especially
in the United States.
On the one side, if you are fucked over and fucked over and fucked over again, you will find something to project onto.
You have to.
Because there's basically no way to survive other than, you know, outright nihilism unless you find some kind of figure or institution to pretend is on your side.
So, that's one side of it.
And then the other side of it is the exact inverse brutal.
And this goes perfectly with Chinatown, too.
It's about real estate, you stupid motherfucker.
It's always been about real estate.
It's power and wealth and what are the most concrete forms of power and wealth.
Real estate and drugs, which are exactly what these people are trafficking in.
And particularly, this is something I'll bring up again later, but through the novel, there is this sequence of kind of dreams and visions of people imagining L.A. being flooded.
And in some versions of the flood, it's a nightmare.
But in other versions, it's like the return of a lost continent, like Lemuria or Mu or Atlantis or whatever.
And it's this visionary great thing.
And you remember there's that odd little sequence where Doc gets the postcard from Shasta, which chronologically doesn't make any sense.
Like, how could he have gotten it then?
Of her writing from some strange little island saying, you know, this is one of those places a voice tells you you have to be.
And that's the closest it gets really in the movie to the Lemuria Mu stuff.
And so there's this constant tension there and elsewhere, especially at the end, between the idea of a rising of another water world.
Another world that Southern California could have been.
Another island that where, you know, that that fucking crushing line near the end of the movie where the American what is where the American destiny mercifully failed to transpire.
Just fucking brutal.
So there's that.
But then there's also the fact that Pinchon is writing this in, you know, 09, 10, whatever it is.
He knows about global warming by this point.
So he is putting a pin in real estate specifically saying it's not just that real estate is the most, you know, durable, valuable good.
It's not just that literally it's the dirt underneath your feet and you can tell other people to leave.
It's also going to get exponentially more valuable when very, very little of it is is habitable.
And I think I'm interested to know if you between those movies in particular, if you see the same kind of convergent thing between shysterism getting less and less kind of ashamed.
More and more just out there because they know people are so fucking desperate.
And on the other side, that shysterism being plugged directly into things like owning dirt so that you can stand on it when other people can't.
Basically.
Yeah.
One hundred one hundred percent.
And and, you know, I came to L.A. in 2016.
So I have been here for the Trump.
Yeah.
And what you said is exactly true.
There's so much I want to comment on.
But yes, absolutely.
You know, everyone, if you do any research and you know anything about L.A., it's probably generally true, probably of most places in the world, but definitely of L.A. is the land developers are king.
Yeah.
The real estate owners, the land developers, they write every law.
And, you know, every day I see shit about L.A.'s homeless crisis and political plans of what they're going to do.
And it's like there's there's only been one missive here the whole time.
Yeah.
It is what the land developers want.
This land, this real estate was worth a lot of fucking money.
They took it and they'll never stop developing it until fucking down Skid Row takes up 50 blocks downtown.
And it's, you know, mega city one.
So absolutely.
Absolutely.
But there's so much that you said that I want to comment on.
Like, to me, one of the things that is very fascinating about Inherent Vice and very tragic is it's a great little document of that moment going from Woodstock and the Summer of Love, the freedom of the 60s to realizing by the 70s, not only is that over, not only are the ancient forces of greed and fear, the great beast actually in power here.
It was in power then, too.
Right.
Absolutely.
And the freedom they sold you.
You're talking about Hate Street.
I've specifically made a mention of that, and I'm glad you brought it up because at the end, Puck Beaverton's line of acid opens a door, PCP slams it shut, closes it behind you.
I immediately thought of Hate Street and Manson and them switching them from acid to speed.
Exactly.
And suddenly a bunch of people who came here in earnest seeking freedom, seeking love, seeking free love, seeking let's do drugs, let's rethink capitalism, let's rethink everything.
They came here in earnest and suddenly five years later, whatever, 1970 or mid-70s or whatever, they realized that door has been slammed shut behind them.
Yeah.
And the people who were involved, the guys at the party giving them the drugs at this, as we'll talk about, I'm sure, the haunted Topanga Canyon.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's the scene I most want you to talk about.
I have so much to say.
But I wrote, you know, the Sorta Ledge, her quote of, was it possible that at every gathering, concert, peace rally, love in, be in, and freak in, here, up north, back east, wherever, some dark crews had been busy all along, reclaiming the music, the resistance to power, the sexual desire from epic to everyday.
All they could sweep up for the ancient forces of greed and fear.
And it's great that the stinger is, gee, Doc thought.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Maybe.
That moving here in 2016 in the Trump era, that personally, because like I said, I want to follow your lead because everything I know about Pinch On, most stuff I know about the world comes from you and your show.
So, but if I have any expertise here, it is living here in the Trump era and living here 53 years after Inherent Vice.
In this moment where Doc is just discovering the edges of everything we thought was counterculture and rebellion was actually part of the plan.
Yeah.
Now, in the Trump era, that's not even debated.
They're proud of it now.
It really scares me.
And I know I'm getting old, so I know this is what happens when you get old.
But I see these kids, my peers, and it's like the idea of being an artist has no, there's nothing counterculture or rebellious to it for them.
No, no, no.
It is completely in line with the machine.
It is completely in line with the master plan.
I mean, they are literally coming here.
I wrote in my notes, they fell for the promise of the iconosphere.
They fell for the promise of freedom, the summer of love.
But now, they don't even think about that.
They've grown up in a world where the suits, the man, the machine, the great beast owned everything they ever thought and loved.
Their entire perception of life, their entire perception of what I can be and what I can do is within that box.
They're striving ever to be more in line with the great beast.
Exactly.
That's their life.
I obviously don't know Pinchon at all, and I don't know him like you do.
But a little bit of what I can grasp is maybe a theme throughout his work.
I'm going to ruin this.
But the way, it seems like he focuses on these certain kind of moments where the poison is dropped in the well, and then it spreads.
Yeah, yeah.
And I wrote just a random note as I'm watching the movies that Oswald created a million Oswalds.
Manson created a million Mansons.
Epstein will create a million Epsteins.
Yeah.
There's these, more or less, like, this is focusing on a point in time when they had to use COINTELPRO to, you know, this Coy Harlingen.
I want to talk a lot about him.
I think he's a fascinating and tragic character.
Yeah.
But, you know, they were using COINTELPRO to basically say, sort of, let's say something about, or actually, I have that quote wrong.
But basically, they said, oh, no, I think it's Penny.
It's his DA girlfriend says, yeah, we can use that to infiltrate any.
Oh, yeah, it's after the visual in California.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
When they see him on TV with the hilarious line, I want you to hear this.
Fuck you.
Yeah, I wrote that down when I said it.
Yeah, and she basically tells Doc, like, oh, yeah, we've been doing this forever.
Like, we have, we can use COINTELPRO to assimilate and insurrect any group we want.
Instant credibility.
And I wrote down now, you know, 53 years later, they don't need COINTELPRO.
We are it.
We are.
We're fighting for that job.
We are all the intelligence assets now, as especially as artists, especially as culture content machine makers.
We are helping the machine gather data on the earnest, on the people we sell our shit to.
Yeah.
And that, that the, the inherent theft of this place, that's what I was going to say earlier.
The way you talked about, I think it was on your show or we've talked about in person, but if you take a large step back from, like, World War II,
the American government is basically a drug and weapon cartel that is held together with the intelligence agencies.
Well, LA is basically a big theft.
It's a big, it's one big scam.
It is one big, the land developers taking this place and expanding it constantly and pushing the people at the borders, the margins out.
So that scam has now become the ethos of the city.
And these, these kids coming here, it's the ethos of the culture in general.
In a world where Trump is the president and it has, it has, like Oswald created a million Oswalds and Manson created a million Mansons.
Now we're all basically COINTELPRO agents.
Now we're all helping the plan because if we don't, we don't get to live our dreams out here.
So that, yeah, I don't know if that, that was a scattered thought, but it's absolutely so relevant.
No, but it made total sense because Pinchon is, especially as he's gotten older, every novel of his has, I mean, obviously they all include a million things.
That's part of why they're so complicated.
But they, they often have a couple focuses and one of them is the enclosure of a place that maybe had a chance to be free, but isn't anymore.
That theme runs through everything.
And then the other one is what I have in, in shows about Gravity's Rainbow called chronological multiple exposure.
That he's always writing about more than one time at the same time.
The same way that, you know, Gravity's Rainbow, that one of the many reasons that book will fucking shatter your brain is that ostensibly it's about the later days of World War II and various kinds of odd, you know, allied psychological warfare operations.
But it's also completely about the 1960s and about the slow realization that all of the 1960s was the Fourth Reich because all of the people who were involved back then in the 40s, every useful technician, every useful technology, every useful bureaucrat or politician, all got whitewashed, brought over, and incorporated into capitalism.
Essentially, that, you know, the Third Reich was forced to give up its naive, purely nationalist dream of just owning all of Middle Europe.
But in exchange for giving that up, it got to transition into the Fourth Reich where it would be included under the umbrella of global capital.
It would be basically the enforcement arm of global capital through new agencies like the CIA.
And it would control far more than just Middle Europe.
It would control the fucking world through money and violence.
And, hey, why not the fucking moon?
Let's send people to the moon.
You know, literally a Nazi rocket that went to the fucking moon thanks to a Nazi rocket scientist.
And this all, you can go down so deep with Pinchon in that moment of the discovery, essentially, of the Fourth Reich, of the thing I've been calling that this entire show.
Him briefly working at Boeing and realizing that the project he worked on at Boeing is a direct continuation of Nazi V-weapon technology that was just stolen when the war ended because it wasn't under copyright anymore.
I think they called it the Beaumark missile, but I think it was originally the V-10, V-12, something like that.
And the real innovation of the Beaumark missile was not the missile itself.
It was a thing called SAGE, the Semi-Automated Ground Environment, which was pitched as a way to connect computer networks between all the important missile bases in the U.S.,
but was actually designed as the prototype of a gigantic counterinsurgency and counterintelligence network that would be active in all places at all times all over the world.
And one of the reasons Crying of Lot 49 is an enigmatic book is that he wrote that in 1965.
It's about the Internet because nobody knew what the fuck the Internet was.
And you have the direct development of that, of SAGE, into what was called Case White in Vietnam, where they used real-time computer networks to map the Ho Chi Minh Trail
and help kill 100,000 fucking people in the Phoenix program, which was basically its, you know, it's funny to talk about the Vietnam War as a loss for some people because, yeah, we lost it militarily,
but those guys were standing around grinning going like, holy shit, it works.
We can use this in real life.
And so, you know, a book like Gravity's Rainbow, you're seeing all the stuff that happens in the 40s,
but you're also seeing all of the echoes and consequences of that in the 60s and early 70s and how, you know, this group maps onto this, this event maps onto that.
And in the same way, I think there's a chronological multiple exposure happening in Inherent Vice that one part of it is very clear, you know,
the L.A. of about 1970 versus the L.A. of now and how, you know, just brutally disillusioned anyone who thought of Los Angeles as a center of freedom has been since then.
But there's also a previous one, an interesting one, that it's curious that this should be happening right now,
which is the L.A. of the 30s and 40s.
And this is all in the Burke's Dodger, the little line, God, the Burke's Dodger movie marathon scene is so funny.
This is a telephone that was invented by an American.
I made a note of, it's Jefferson Mays as Dr. Threepley, which is a great name.
That's Jefferson Mays?
Jefferson Mays, yeah.
Holy shit, I did not know that was him.
He's so great in it.
I love in that scene, he only knows the one line and then he like mouths.
Yeah, he tries to kind of fumble.
Yeah, he says like, get out of here, comrade.
And that's the only line he knows.
And then he mouths, but he gets it wrong afterwards.
It's so good.
Oh man, and that there's something fascinating going on with that little story.
And this is another thing that there's more of in the book than in the movie that Sancho, the lawyer, kind of summarizes it.
But basically, Burke's Dodger is, he's completely standing for Ronald Reagan.
Yeah.
Because, I don't know if people know this now, but Reagan tried to join the Communist Party.
But before he was the, you know, the prince of the fucking blacklist.
He showed up in LA in I believe 1937 or so.
And he tried to join the Communist Party USA, not because he particularly had any, I don't know, ideals or cared at all.
But because...
Because it was cool?
Yeah, it's because that's what you did if you were a fucking actor.
There's such a great, there's such, not, I don't want to derail you, but there's such a great thread throughout Inherent Vice of all these soulless monsters in LA who also need to be cool.
Yeah, oh yeah, absolutely.
That's Bigfoot Bjornsson.
He's a fascist who's sad because he wants to be a groovy, but no part of his soul understands what being groovy is.
Absolutely, because that's their fucking currency.
That's what keeps them plugged in.
100%.
So, Reagan tries to join CPUSA in 1937 and is turned down.
His background check calls him a flake who could not be trusted with any one political opinion for more than 20 minutes.
Sounds right.
And so, eventually, his acting career starts kind of winding down.
And he realizes that he can swing hard to the right and be the, you know, the reactionary American actor who not only sells out everybody on the blacklist, but who gets jobs basically making spoken word records for people like fucking General Electric, extolling the American way of life.
And people talk about Reagan having been a movie star and that's how he became the governor and everything.
Movie star shit was part of it?
But it was really more his position as, I'm Ronald Reagan speaking for General Electric to tell you about the nuclear bomb.
You know, that's what people knew the motherfucker for.
And so, you have this hilarious, very literal thing in Burke's Dodger where he has a boat that is called the Preserved after he is kicked out of Hollywood.
It is on one side of Cuba.
It disappears and literally shows up on the other side of Cuba being called the Golden Fang.
And being used in all kinds of shit that we have to assume goes back to the CIA, you know, in one way or another because of the era.
And there's the whole, you know, we can add and break the whole structure of the fucking Golden Fang thing.
But how much more hilariously literal could you get than an actor has a boat and he's on one side of Cuba and then he disappears and then he's on the other side of Cuba.
Yeah, the right and the left.
Right.
That's exactly, that's all it could be.
And of course, his boat, once it's on the other side of Cuba, this very obviously calls in George H.W. Bush's history of using fucking oil platforms, his various oil extraction and tool patenting companies in Texas and in the Gulf to use as surveillance platforms against Castro's Cuba.
And that Stodger figure, it's perfect that he is the guy whose movies they're playing at Chris Giladon, the Institute, because, and I think this is even, yeah, there's a line about this, that once Reagan became governor, he completely privatized, you know, all of the fucking social services in the state of California that at one point would have been run, you know, publicly.
Not for a profit.
And so we end up, instead of having, you know, psychiatric hospitals where anybody can go, we have poor people who are just fucked and they're going to get killed by the cops and they're going to die on the street of drug overdoses.
Or we've got rich people's kids we can send to places like Chris Giladon.
Yeah.
And this institutes a level of social stratification on every single, I should say, in every single sort of vertical of cultural duress or oppression.
Because once you get rid of any kind of public utilities, right, the idea is that they are, they're everybody's right to have and that you can't really run a functioning society unless people can trust in these things.
Well, if you get rid of those, what you've just done is created these wild new stratifications all across the social system where now you have, you know, all the things that you used to assume were just part of society.
Now you have 76 different rankings, you know, in 76 different verticals where you line up with this one, but you don't line up with that one.
And you end up with a system in which everybody becomes sort of their own contract agent, the master of their own surveillance, basically.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're always doing surveillance on yourself because you're always trying to locate where you fit, both in terms of, you know, your cultural currency, your coolness, and in terms of what kind of fucking services, what kind of just basic human dignity you can expect from anything like the state.
And you notice that Hope Harlingen, Koi's wife, that, you know, after she quits, what is she now?
She's a fucking drug counselor.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They've looped her back into it, and now she's encouraging kids on, you know, state drug use.
Such a great pinch on line that I made a note, the line right before that is, they told me the heroin was coming through the breast milk.
And it's dot, dot, dot.
What do you do now?
I'm a drug counselor.
It's a perfect metaphor.
Exactly.
Yeah.
And the Stodger thing and then the actual government of Reagan plays into that very clearly.
And from there we can talk about, you know, the golden fang in itself.
Well, I mean, really, if you've seen the movie, you don't need to have the golden fang laid out unless there's something you particularly want to say about it.
Because it is the Fourth Reich circa 1970.
Well, yeah.
Go ahead.
It's the, you know, people, part of the sort of ongoing comedy of the movie is people are always saying, no, it's this thing.
No, it's that thing.
Yeah.
The point is that it's all of them.
The point is, you know, the hero's quest of this movie is not to figure out what the golden fang is.
It's to realize that all these things are the golden fang.
They all intersect there.
Yeah.
Down from street level dealers to fucking hitmen that the LAPD are paying off to kill, you know, political enemies to feds working with fucking real estate developers to fucking anglicize the strip in Las Vegas.
All the way up to CIA heroin coming in on this ship that, you know, this is 1970 and the way the politics of heroin had changed around that time that that would pretty much inevitably have been CIA friendly heroin from Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia.
Yeah.
Coming to the West Coast.
You know, there are other ways for it to come in, but to the West Coast in 1970, that's Vietnam War heroin.
And the golden fang, the important thing is the realization not that it is just, you know, not that it's this specific set of things, but that, where's this line?
I can't even remember what I'm quoting here, but I have a line quoted saying that it's the ideal vehicle for the distributed network approach that kept the Fourth Reich in place, that has kept the Fourth Reich in place.
Instead of a centralized top-down model, the same way they've done everything else, the Fourth Reich distributes a series of nodes in networks where no one node is that important.
You can lose anybody, right?
No one person is particularly significant.
It's got a toe in absolutely everything.
And as soon as there's any kind of bust or blow-up or failure, they can always focus immediately on the narrowest, most self-consciously event-specific rogue elements, right?
They can always give the narrowest definition of everything, from the fucking CIA to Iran-Contra to Gladio.
Like Sancho says about the boat, the problem with this vessel is trying to find out anything.
People back off, change the subject, and get real creepy.
That all of these things can keep going.
This larger structure that we've called the Fourth Reich and that in the movie is the Golden Fang.
It can always keep going because no one component of it is indispensable.
And because when something happens, if something happens, they can always just go, oh, yeah, the Golden Fang.
There was a ship that sold heroin.
Yeah, the Golden Fang, that was a tax dodge for dentists.
It can always be narrowed down to exactly one thing.
Speaking of which, just on a purely movie level, Martin Short may be the best one-scene, two-scene cameo.
Unbelievable.
Ooh, look at the greedy little hippies snorting away, aren't you?
That is one of the funniest lines I've ever heard.
What you've talked about, about the corporate people having to be cool after a certain point.
I made a specific note that Rudy Blatnoid is Ehud Barak, right?
He was the one who put the jacket over the head at the FC.
It's like he loves the party so much.
Who went there more than 10 but less than 100 times.
He should be on edge.
Doc is coming in asking questions, and he's like, well, maybe I'll take a little snort with you.
And he just, matter of fact, I might join you.
The way he pulls out the vial, the way he pronounces the word laboratory quality straight from Darmstadt.
Always fucking kills me.
Part of the reason his character is so funny is because, you see, this is a guy who was plugged into massive fucking drug trafficking.
And a guy plugged into money laundering as a key feature of that drug trafficking.
And a guy plugged into the dentistry syndicate as something that's going to profiteer off drug problems.
And a guy plugged into the self-help wellness fucking retreat rehab complex.
All of which is going to profit off all the rest.
And they kill him in like half an hour.
Because someone that plugged in, you would think is like, oh, no, he's one of the kings of this.
No, no, no, no, no.
Everyone is plugged in in every direction.
And the point is so we can fucking yeet him at any time.
He doesn't matter.
And it's so perfect.
At the end, Crocker Fenway, his real problem with him was how tasteless he was.
It wasn't that he was a fucking drug cartel Epstein pedophile who was fucking his daughter.
It's that he took her to rooms with tacky wallpaper.
And he played Broadway show musicals.
And it's a perfect counterpoint to how, like you're talking about, this nodal system, how unimportant one can be on both sides.
Yeah.
And when you get to meet a Crocker Fenway in, you know, as Shasta says, one of those rooms where it's so dark that you can't tell how deep it is and you can only smell alcohol.
I can't believe there's parts of this book.
I can't believe we're written before the Epstein saga because that is an Epstein.
I mean, that is it.
And the little bit where Crocker Fenway is going, really?
That's all you want?
It's just Coy Harlingen's freedom?
And he says, well, now how much would I have to take not to lose your respect?
And it's a line I remember every fucking day.
Crocker Fenway saying, Mr. Sportello, people like you lose all claim to respect the first time you pay rent.
100%.
And it's not pay rent to someone specific.
It's not pay rent to, you know, this shyster or that corporation.
It's you had to pay someone else for a place to live.
That's pathetic.
You're a rat in the race.
You're not supposed to be in the maze.
You are a fucking bug.
And I think one way to read the whole Mickey Wolfman saga, you know, I don't know if Mickey Wolfman was particularly based on any one guy.
Although from some of the like fashion hippie stuff, I kind of wonder if he's Jimmy Goldstein.
Yeah.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
The guy who owns fucking Jackie Treehorn's house from the Big Lebowski.
He's a land developer too, right?
Jimmy Goldstein.
Exactly.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Who won't talk about how he got his billions of dollars.
And wears fucking like bondage gear to Clippers games now.
Absolutely.
I saw Jimmy Goldstein.
I turned around.
I was in line at the Clippers game to get a drink.
And I turned around.
He's behind me.
He's like four foot ten.
Anyway, go ahead.
Yeah, of course.
I think one way to look at the whole Mickey Wolfman thing is as an sort of anti-individualistic in the political sense, anti-romantic in the political sense view of what it was ever going to be to try to transform or overturn a deeply entrenched vision of society.
Right?
Because Mickey Wolfman, in theory, if you can get that guy to go, oh my God, I've spent my life stealing money from people who just need shelter.
And I'm going to spend all the money I have to build this place, arrepentimiento, in the desert where just anyone can live for free because I'm a criminal and I finally understand that I'm a criminal.
No, one person doesn't matter on either side because the machinery is always in place to control that one fucking person.
And you can see this all the way from the level of a novel or movie hero or heroine up to something like electoral politics where one of the reasons – I don't want to get a bunch of people yelling at me again this week.
So I'll just say one reason not to take certain people seriously is when they have no fucking coalition behind them.
It's when they just get out and they say seven opinions that you like.
If they don't have any kind of network, if they're not with anyone, if they're not allied with anyone, if they are not setting up the kinds of – not fallbacks, but I guess you would call systemic stress tests of the things they supposedly believe.
Where if they get attacked in a bullshit way from over here, someone from over here will come back in and take up the slack and go, no, that's bullshit.
That person is not doing anything ever.
And I don't give a fuck what his individual opinions are.
And I think that's part of what this movie is about and the absolute limits of sort of romantic individualism when it comes to something like – well, I should say that in a different way.
First of all, the realization that romantic individualism is actually a tool of the Fourth Reich.
The Nazis were plenty fucking individualist and romantic too and that they have sold that to you as the vision of the great man, the historical hero, whatever.
But also the realization that there is a hard, built-in systemic limit to being able to behave like that.
And what we see from 1970 on in Los Angeles certainly and in a lot of other places is instead of realizing, oh, no, we can't just be relying on some individual fucking savior to fix everything.
We've done exactly the opposite and gone, we're all the savior.
I'm the king and you're the king and we're all the king and it's good to feel fine.
I said –
The insane amount of –
Oh, go ahead.
Oh, sorry.
Just the amount of advertising that I – you know, I'm not someone who sees a lot of ads really.
I don't watch much TV.
I don't go out a whole lot.
The number of ads I see every day that could be for literally anything where the message is that like you are a perfect angel warrior who has come to earth to free the imprisoned with the beauty of your opinions.
And it's like that's – if you raise a generation thinking that you're going to – like we're all going to die.
That's what's –
That's fucking crazy.
It's on a side note.
It's a bummer that the new Matrix movie wasn't good because they could have done so much with that from 1999.
You make it and it's this, oh, what if I'm the Neo and by 2022 or whenever that came out, every person thinks they're Neo.
That would be great.
That's a movie that was about like 89 million dumbass guys named Trent from Ohio wearing dusters going like, yeah, yeah, Sunday's day, I think I'm kind of like more Neo, but other days, yeah, I'm more –
That would be incredible.
And just like fucking up and getting owned by agents.
Exactly.
Yeah, they lose to reality every day.
Well, and that's –
Oh, man.
That's a great idea.
That's a great reflection.
I said this – we've talked about this before and you've talked about it on your show, but I said this in the Chinatown episode that, you know, that could kind of be a very docile or facile and simplistic reading of inherent vice and a lot of this stuff.
But you could subtitle it, you know, Manson won the war.
And the dream of L.A. – we talked about this before.
The dream of L.A. has become Charles Manson.
It's build a cult, get a bunch of followers, build your own compound, go out in the hills, go out in Beverly Hills.
That is what every –
Be a little ironic about it.
That's what everyone wants to do.
He created a million Mansons.
And there's something so fascinating about that, you know, the period, that moment in time as depicted in Inherent Vice.
And – oh, shit.
Can you hear me?
I'm good?
Okay.
My mic was cutting.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, when we were talking about Mickey Wolfman and Jimmy Goldstein, that's a note I made.
It's fascinating in this movie that, you know, the summer of love, free love, what came in the 60s was co-opted and was insurrected and was replicated and fake.
The people who got the real free love are Mickey Wolfman and Jimmy Goldstein.
Yeah.
They're the ones who really got to that level where they've bought into the great beast.
They are part of the master plan.
They have a secure node up near, closer to the brainstem than the asshole, wherever we are, you know?
Yeah, absolutely.
What they really got is – Jimmy Goldstein goes to every Clippers and Lakers game.
The dude doesn't work.
He has to spend all day taking the pills to get up to go to the game.
These –
And then the pills to fuck afterward.
Exactly.
Or even just to tell a girl, like, look at it like it's big.
Yeah.
Just spit on it.
I don't care.
Just fuck me.
I don't fucking care.
I took that note.
There's something really brilliant that the freedom and the bacchanalia and the hedonism,
everything that we wanted from Haight-Ashbury and Woodstock, everything that was promised,
and all the people like me who come out here because we don't want to work office jobs.
We want to be musicians, man.
I want to smoke weed every day.
That freedom actually went to Jeffrey Epstein.
Yeah.
That freedom actually went to Jimmy Goldstein and Mickey Wolfman.
And, you know, this movie in 1970, they're just getting – there's a great line of when they're going to the Topanga Canyon party that it's the house of a bass player turned record executive.
I was just about to say that.
Yeah.
Which they took as a sign of Hollywood's demise.
And that's in 1970.
So it's this fascinating – you know, it's this moment in Hollywood where Hollywood started in the Chinatown day, 20s, 30s, even before that, D.W. Griffith.
And it's suits.
It's bankers.
It's real estate developers.
They're investing in this the way they invest in horse racing and sports teams.
And then by the 70s, you're starting to get the cool executives.
And you're starting to get the hippie, groovy, rock star, jazz guys, et cetera, the cool guys turned executives.
And that has been so – you know, that seems like a new development if you're looking at, you know, on a long term.
But the world I moved into in 2016 L.A., you know, Rick Rubin is an institution now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Those guys, the rebel billionaire is – they're the man now.
They're the suits.
That's so awful.
And what's even more awful is now it's transitioning to the tech rebel billionaire.
Yeah.
Now, if Rick Rubin's the suit, then the guys who made TikTok or Elon Musk or whoever, the tech phase clan, et cetera, et cetera.
And once again, whatever's rebellious here, whatever's cool, phase clan saying, play video games all day and make 100K a month off YouTube shorts instead of work.
It is only getting more and more in lockstep with the master plan.
Yeah.
It is only the freedom.
Those are the guys who get the freedom all day.
Those are the guys who get free love.
And what they're doing with it is horrifying and monstrous.
And that seems to be a key – I don't know if Pinchon's work in general, but especially here, one of the keys of Inherent Vice on a very simple level.
That's why I love that shot we talked about with Doc watching Bigfoot deep throw at the chocolate covered banana.
There's an overarching theme through this movie and I think through the book that just zoom way out.
It's like here's one guy who can be chill and here's one guy who can't.
Yeah.
There are the people who stayed chill and most of them fucking died of heroin or some other drug overdose.
Most of them got lost in the fog of the fucking – this web of drug control, deep state intelligence asset drug control that became L.A.
Most of them got lost in the fog and never came back.
And on the other side, there's the suits like Bigfoot, Bjornsson, the guys who can't be chill.
And it's really fucked up that this summer of love, the free love, went to all the worst suits.
Yeah.
And now there's kids that don't know their suits that are proposing AI.
The tech billionaires are selling AI songwriting to the Rick Rubens.
It's just getting more and more – that Fourth Reich is getting more and more purified, more and more drained down to its essence.
That fucking creeps me out too because there's a line in – or rather a sort of narrative in the book that is only alluded to in the movie,
in the scene where Doc and Bigfoot are meeting at the pancake place.
When he says – I think they're talking about the overdose of the dealer, El Drano.
Yeah.
And notices that – or notes rather that, you know, this guy was known for a 3% product, but he OD'd on pure China white number four.
And that just kind of passes right by in the movie.
And the novel, that becomes its own sort of side quest because you realize that – and this was written in – I mean, I think it came out in 2010, so probably written in 8, 9, something like that.
That there has been a long streak of fatal overdoses of people who are in one way or another unfriendly to the police, whether it's because they're trying to run drugs themselves or because they're political activists or whatever.
And Doc eventually figures out, huh, here's all the heroin that's like going around town in normal circulation.
But everyone who's died of an OD that the police didn't like died off the same shit that nobody else has access to.
And he manages essentially to figure out that the LAPD through their friends, people like Adrian Prussia, and through their vertical integration with, you know, Golden Fang CIA, are intentionally selling, you know, what William Burroughs used to call hot shots.
A shot you knew you would kill someone you didn't like.
And to have that hit around the same time that fucking John Ehrlichman is admitting, oh, yeah, we knew exactly what we were doing, but the war on drugs.
It was about persecuting black people and leftists.
So we just figured out what drugs they did and then made them illegal.
And the same time that we have a historically unprecedented fucking opioid epidemic in this country, killing numbers of people that would have sounded like absolute nonsense to anyone even 20, 30 years ago.
The idea of the cops having their own special like, oh, so this guy, this guy, he wants to hit.
This guy wants to plug in.
This guy wants to come up, cop.
Yeah, no, we know a way to send him.
Oh, this guy's buying pills.
This guy thinks he wants fucking ecstasy for, you know, a rave that he's, yeah, no, we'll press him some pills.
We know how to do that shit.
And the idea that all of that would be happening completely without the, not even just the awareness, but like the active structural involvement of law enforcement is fucking insane.
Dude, I'll tell you.
So to go back to one thing you said that how L.A. is incredibly stratified, that is extremely true.
L.A. is so deeply, insanely stratified.
There are moments here I feel very much like Barry Lyndon.
And it's so each social structure and each party you go to and every move you make matters and everyone's on this different level.
I lived right off Hollywood Boulevard for five years.
And I mean it when I say like I couldn't go outside without spending money.
I realized at a certain point I have to have a reason to be anywhere in this city.
There are no public places anymore.
If I smoke a cigarette, which is mainly what I'm doing when I go outside, if I do it on the wrong place, within like five minutes without fail, someone will come out and tell me to move.
It is so zoned and so structured.
And you have to buy every minute of your existence.
Every second.
Every second.
Every time I leave the house, I have to have a reason to go somewhere, especially in Hollywood where Hollywood PD is incredibly well funded.
Incredibly ever present, ever present, especially, you know, post COVID.
But what you just said, man, I will never forget.
So I lived five years in Hollywood, right two blocks north of Hollywood Boulevard.
And, you know, this was pre and then post COVID and you saw an incredible boom in the homeless population.
Yeah.
And, you know, living in the neighborhood, you get used to like there's spots where there's encampments and spots where, you know, you see the same people.
You say you say hi to them every day and you get used to like, you know, there's where they are and where they are in the neighborhood and seeing them.
And I'll never forget one day.
It's probably 2019.
I would always get up.
I got up real early every day.
I still get up pretty early, but I get up early and go to Starbucks every morning and take the same path, you know, and I'd see the same encampments and the same people.
Yeah.
And I would take the long way.
It was like a two mile round trip.
I walked basically, I think it was 0.8 miles there, 0.8 miles back, whatever.
Anyway, I saw most of like central Hollywood with the walk of fame every day.
And I will never forget there was one day every person in every encampment was passed out in the same way.
They were all passed out at like 730, 630 a.m.
whenever I went and they were not passed out in that they fell asleep.
They weren't curled up.
They didn't like, oh, I have my pillow and my backpack.
They passed out where they were standing.
They were like, or, you know, lying down.
It was like mouth open, drooling, you know, awkward hands, arms.
That new pack.
Yeah.
It literally, it was so clear.
It was so obvious that someone had distributed the same drugs to all these people.
Because you see drug dealers on Hollywood Boulevard and usually like young black kids or young Hispanic kids.
And they'll ride by on like a bird scooter and they'll be like, I got perks, I got perks, I got weed, I got weed.
That's normal.
Every city has that, especially somewhere as high traffic as Hollywood Boulevard.
It was so clear that the same pack, and it was probably, knowing the time, probably fentanyl.
It was like people I saw every day and some days they'd be kind of seem drunk or high.
And some days they wouldn't.
And everyone, I'm talking like 40 people, I saw throughout the neighborhood were passed out in the same way.
And it was like, yeah, you don't have to look hard to find the golden fang here.
Not at all.
Yeah.
And possibly being, drugs being passed out by someone who has a, I don't know, some cover if they get caught doing it.
Yeah.
Someone who has a, some sort of institutional reputation so that they can say, no, no, no.
This is a new LAPD, you know, district initiative that.
I, I, I live right next to the CVS.
I never remember, I'll never forget one day, you know, you see all cops around Hollywood all day in their big SUVs and fucking helicopters going over all day, every day.
Like one day I was in the CVS and a woman, I think she threw up in there.
It was like a homeless woman and she was like screaming and knocking shit around.
And I swear to God, within five minutes, I think there were eight police SUVs and a helicopter there.
Like the response was immediate and insane.
And they had her in handcuffs with a paddy wagon and like 20 cops.
Like from the time I'm going into the store to the time I check out, like five minutes.
So the idea that, yeah, some rogue agent is out there distributing the fentanyl pack and the Hollywood PD wouldn't, they would, they had no idea.
It's like, that's not fucking possible.
Hollywood is, it is a surveillance state.
LA in general is like a large police surveillance state.
And as you said, now they have convinced us to surveil ourselves.
Part of the reason I love that, the sequence of, of Doc going to being at and then leaving, um, Channel View Estates so much is that when he, first of all, just incredible shot of him next to the corpse.
Yeah.
Uh, before he wakes up, but then he wakes up, clearly whatever's happened here has already happened, right?
Like there's no gunfight going on or anything.
And every cop in Los Angeles is there when he wakes up.
There's just like a hundred cops hiding behind fucking doors with their guns.
I wrote a note of, it's an, I can't find the note, but it's just an incredible, perfect, there's that.
And, uh, we'll talk about another one that the fucking image of Puck Beaverton overlooking the prayer circle at Chris Kyla Don.
Yeah.
It's just a perfect snapshot of, but the, the Chick Planet massage parlor, the Channel View, it's perfect of a very obvious police sting.
Uh, the police, uh, being the higher security force for land developers and the police working with Nazis.
Yeah.
It's like a perfect little one.
You see it all right there.
Maybe, maybe you ought not to ask any more questions about that, man.
Yeah.
And that, that, that sequence both thematically and as a piece of filmmaking.
And it's the reason I put the, the music from that sequence at the beginning of this episode is, um, Paul Thomas Anderson and Pinchon and actually Johnny Greenwood as a composer are great at doing this thing.
I've talked about the, um, the, the, the mapping onto other coordinate systems thing, you know, the three, four different layers, each of which becomes a metaphor for each other.
And that in writing is so fucking hard to recreate in film and vice versa.
And I love that sequence.
I love the way PTA does that because at this point, Doc just knows his, his girlfriend is kind of disappeared.
And, uh, there's something weird with Mickey and he's driving out to see this real estate development.
And, um, he is driving out in what could be presented as, you know, just, Hey, sunny LA, but there's this real eerie five, four guitar led Johnny Greenwood music underneath it.
And then the, uh, the eeriness is both sort of dispelled and sort of encouraged by the little kids running alongside the car that it's half like, Oh, it's just little kids.
And the other half is like, Oh, they know, they know something about this place that you don't know.
And, you know, all the ribbon and bunting bullshit, uh, the fucking, the Nazi bikers passing him going the other way.
The people from vigilant California in the fucking dirt moving as soon as he goes in the door.
Another incredible shot that, um, Pinchon is in book after book.
Like he has these, it's hard to describe without just quoting them, but these, um, these structures that are places that like he'll take the entire sort of, uh, metaphoric ferment of a place, the entire conscious and unconscious mind of a place, the whole cosmology of, you know, Berlin, 1945 or whatever.
And he'll make it like literally a building or literally a theater where everyone, everyone you see there, everything you see there is echoing.
Not, not symbolically because it's really happening, but it's echoing on every level all the way down through.
And I think Paul Thomas Anderson is maybe the only director I can think of who could have pulled that off in the Pinchon way.
It's just a fucking, you know, it's maybe five minutes worth of filmmaking, but just fucking amazing piece of filmmaking.
And the, Joaquin's delivery on the Pussy Eater special.
He's like, the reason I ask is because if you were, you'd be entitled to a free preview or a Pussy Eater special.
It's like, hmm, how much is that?
Immediately out of like whatever I'm supposed to be doing.
Yeah.
And that's, that's, uh, we obviously, uh, I mean, this is obvious, but it is fascinating.
The Johnny Greenwood, um, collaborations.
And it, I've made a little note that, you know, I love, I think, uh, Paul Thomas Anderson's massively talented and, you know, Boogie Nights is a masterpiece.
But these, There Will Be Blood, The Master, Inherent Vice reminds me a lot of, um, OK Computer, Kid A, Amnesiac.
Yeah.
Where it's like a super, super talented artist suddenly went to a different fucking level and made three, like, untouchable masterpieces that are, we're still catching up with.
And I love that he collaborated on those three with Johnny Greenwood.
That piece in particular, I thought this is such a perfect, uh, it's, it's a Johnny Greenwood version of a noir theme.
You know what I mean?
It's so, it's so great to have him playing a dragnet, his version of dragnet on a guitar in 5-4, you know?
Yeah.
I mean, those are, those are my favorite, three favorite PTA films so far.
And I think, um, uh, in, in, sort of going back to the beginning and, and hitting a couple points that seem obvious, uh, that actually aren't discussed at much length or are just sort of invoked in the movie.
Um, every time you talk about Pinchon, everybody's going to talk about paranoia, right?
That's the, the, just sort of stalks you up, oh yeah, the, uh, the movies where everyone's paranoid.
But I think one of the fascinating things that Inherent Vice does is demonstrates paranoia, not just as a personal affect or as a side effect of drug use or whatever,
but as a culture learning to be aware of itself.
Yeah.
And, and that you have this, um, you have monoculture up to a certain point, right?
And then you have something to be called counterculture for the first time.
And in the distinction between those two things, suddenly you realize cultural things have meaning.
Yeah.
That every, everything you see, everything you touch, everything you're sold, it's trying to tell you something.
Or at least it's trying to act like it's telling you something.
And I think it was Freud who said that all, all knowledge of any kind is paranoia.
It's just a matter of, uh, the degree to which it's recognized as normal.
Because now that you live in this world where you recognize that things have meaning other than just their base, most obvious use value,
the rest of culture kind of becomes arguing about the right way to be paranoid.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that's, you know, that's what we're fucking doing now with, with, uh, the, the endless proliferation of basically pseudo media outlets funded by fake money just to have professional opinions.
Yes.
To, uh, likewise fund, you know, bullshit media that's puffed on fake money and credit that's going nowhere.
Yes.
The, the economy runs on people getting fake loans to have opinions at this point.
Yeah.
And you talked recently, uh, uh, uh, once the, um, revelation of the, the most recent Oswald stuff came out.
Yeah.
And you talked about this on your show, but it's, it's like they invented the, the CDOs for paranoia, for conspiracy theories.
Yeah.
You know, collateralized debt obligation.
It's like they invented a way to.
Exactly.
And now it can all spiral off and be extremely more meaningless, but to get extremely more people involved with fucking QAnon and everything.
Exactly.
That is a new currency.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And every one of these can be gathered then into its own kind of bond that can be then subordinate to part of another bond that can be part, you know, and over and over and over.
And so I think that the, you know, people will always bring up paranoia in reference to Pinchon and, and, and this particular movie.
But I think it's important to see that it's not just like, oh, paranoid guy smokes weed.
You know, it's about the moment of a culture coming to self-awareness that it means something and being real troubled with suddenly understanding that everything means something.
And I think you see a lot of that in Kubrick too.
Yeah, absolutely.
I think a great deal of Kubrick is sort of, sort of at the root is about like the horror that everything does mean something and you weren't paying the right kind of attention or you, or you misunderstood it or you've looked away, you know.
That or just for, oh, go ahead.
Sorry.
No, no, go ahead.
Well, I was going to say, it's funny.
I just had the same thought recently about Sopranos that, you know, it works on two levels.
It's one, people think it's an HBO show, prestige art about gangsters and it's all about Gabagool.
And in reality, it is a show about a right-wing American everyman, an Archie Bunker, Homer Simpson, right-wing man who has built, gotten rich off of violence,
basically becoming self-aware in the moments before death and it fucking horrifies him and terrifies him and he runs as hard away from it as he possibly can.
That's what I think is really brilliant about The Sopranos and is really inherently true about American culture.
That is, the more self-aware you get, the more paranoid you get, the more insane you get.
But it's funny because LA, I'm glad you brought this up because LA has a specific, like we talked about, it is a false city built on theft, operated by the ancient forces of greed and fear.
So you have reasons to be paranoid.
And I'll never forget.
Absolutely.
You should be, yes.
I'll never forget going with you when you were out here.
We went to the mall that I used to live by.
I'll at least tell you, I don't want to tell people where I live, but I live right next to Hollywood and Highland.
It's an intersection you'll see everywhere.
There's an outdoor mall and there's two, we saw these, you know, there's two massive elephants there.
And I used to go there all the time.
There's a Starbucks there I'd go to as well.
So I lived here constantly and every day it's full of tourists all around the world.
There's these two massive elephant statues and we look it up.
And of course, they're the elephants from D.W. Griffith's intolerance, his apology for lionizing the KKK.
And then you turn around and you see the Hollywood Masonic Temple where Jimmy Kimmel shoots his show and people from all the flyover states line up every day.
And all the fucking unwashed masses, all the poor people, all the ones who have been brainwashed into giving the glitterati, the shiny happy 1% out here their money to watch fucking Jimmy Kimmel, the lowest common denominator shit.
And you look up and on top of, and I had lived here for like a year at this point.
And I looked up, I'd never seen the top of the Hollywood Masonic Temple.
And it says, Freemasonry builds its temples among the nations and in the hearts of men.
And that's where they shoot the Jimmy Kimmel show on CBS.
So it's like, yeah, there might be reason to be paranoid.
And it's, and it's.
And the fucking Scientology Celebrity Center is a couple blocks the other way.
And, and, and, you know, I remember, I'll never forget the first, when I moved here, I didn't know shit about LA.
And I moved here and the first announcement I hear coming off the plane.
So I had just watched the OJ show and I can't remember his name.
But the, was it OJ's, was it the prosecutor was Garcetti?
He wasn't on the defense.
Who was it?
Garcetti's, Garcetti's the.
Well, what I was about to say, I guess his dad was the prosecutor.
So I had just known, I had just known the name from the show.
I get off the plane and I hear a message from LA Mayor Eric Garcetti.
I was like, oh, I'm fucked.
This is, if that dude's the mayor, this is deeply corrupt.
This is fucked up.
This is.
Yeah, we're all in trouble here.
And that's, you know, I don't want to like hijack where you're going with it.
But I think that's one of the reasons.
No, not at all.
I think that's one of the reasons Doc is such a great character and it's a phenomenal performance by Joaquin Phoenix.
One of my favorite by him.
Yeah.
It's, it's, it's a fascinating and a really ends up being, you know, a very sympathetic protagonist of a guy who's, like we talked about, just grasping the edges of this.
And whose own brain is, you know, has been addled by drug use to the point where he's not sure what's real or not.
It's, it's so, he's such a prescient character for anyone trying to find the truth nowadays.
You know what I mean?
Anyone trying to, the kids who were prescribed drugs since they were 12 years old, trying to find anything true in this world that is full of lies.
That is a lie in and of itself.
It's, we are all, we are all Doc Sportello out here.
Anyone trying to find the truth.
I'm not even sure, like how much he really wants to get into it or no.
It's just kind of like, look, I want to, I want to figure out enough to make shit the way it was before everything went bad.
And then, and then I'm good.
It's, oh, go ahead, sorry.
I was just going to say, it's a brilliant use.
Pinchon uses noir, similarly like Robert Town in Chinatown, that you focus on this, basically kind of a good natured everyman, both Jake and Doc,
who at first have just a personal stake in the matter.
And then it gradually becomes a, like we're talking about, they uncover the edges of the great beast.
And they both have kind of integrity.
So they keep going.
But it's great that in both stories, ultimately, I guess it's my opinion, but in both stories, what happens to them isn't important.
It feels like what happens to, goddammit, Faye Dunaway.
Why can I not remember her name now?
I just did an episode on this shit.
Whatever.
Faye Dunaway and her sister slash daughter.
That's the real fate that matters.
And here's similarly Koi and Hope and their baby.
That's what actually matters in this movie.
And that's Doc's story is kind of secondary to that.
But he's such, he's just a great character and a great performance.
Yeah, and the talking about that in, that brings me to the stuff I kind of wanted to dovetail with that's interesting, I think.
Because the scene of Bigfoot just going ham on the tray full of roaches, that doesn't really happen in the book.
And that line, you know, you're not my brother, but you could use a keeper, that is spoken, but somewhere else.
And I think it's one of Paul Thomas Anderson's two real interesting editorial decisions.
The other one of which is the very end of the movie.
I wanted to ask you just about that.
And I think here he's, even in the like six years or whatever it's been between the book and the movie coming out,
the idea of some kind of like rapprochement between normal people and cops that like maybe, you know,
maybe just being a cop doesn't put you on the far side of a divide that we will never get past.
It's like by the time he makes the movie and there's the fucking roach eating scene and then him stomping through the door,
it's like, nah, fuck cops.
Like, sorry, we have seen too much just in the last five years.
To believe.
Yeah.
There's just something wrong.
Yeah.
There's something wrong in your soul.
We no longer think we can get back over this bridge.
And then the end is really fascinating to me because it is, it's sort of, well, first of all,
I just love it, the end of the movie, how eerie it is and sort of presented as optimistic.
But I think compared to the end of the book, it's not optimistic at all.
Because at the end of the book, what happens is Doc alone in his car, Shasta's gone by then for a long time.
She's not that important to the end of the book.
And Doc gets stuck in his car in the middle of a giant traffic jam on a highway in the fog.
And all anyone can see is other car lights.
And that's when that line about the American fate mercifully having failed to transpire,
that's where it comes from.
Is Doc sort of saying this little prayer to himself that like, maybe I don't know where I am.
I don't know where I'm going.
I don't know where to turn.
Maybe, maybe there's some chance, even if I never get to see it, that if I took the right exit,
I would go back to this country like it was fucking supposed to be.
I would go back to the place we were supposed to live in.
And this is a huge pinch on thing of, of the idea of one glancing chance,
keeping alive the dimension of the way things should have been.
Like the, the Schwarz commando, the German rocket troops in, in Gravity's Rainbow.
Oh, I'm going to get the passage a little bit wrong, but talking about the rocket,
their leader says, somewhere in the wastes of the world,
there is a key that will restore us to our earth and to our freedom.
There's this idea that I don't know what it is.
I don't know how to describe it.
I don't know if I'll even know it when I see it,
but there is some way out there that we can go back,
even if it never happens, it's still out there.
And Paul Thomas.
That's why it hurts.
That's, that's the tragedy because you could,
if all we ever knew was the machine, it wouldn't hurt.
Exactly.
Yeah.
There would, there would be no, there'd be no Thomas Pinchon.
He'd have a happy life and he would have worked for Boeing,
but we can see, we can see the thing that could have been better.
And then Paul Thomas Anderson, the movie has the conversation about sort of ledge between the two of them.
And then there is that really eerie moment of a light in his rear view mirror.
Yeah.
That you sort of for a second think like, oh fuck, has someone finally found him?
Has someone got him?
Like, is this about to be, you know, is he about to get shot or something?
But then he smiles and the light kind of fades out.
And it's, it's presented as this, you know, eerie and sort of floating and disconcerting,
but also funny, good humor that like, yeah, you know, not everything in the universe is,
is out there hunting for you.
But compared to the idea of, you know, turning off the highway into some kind of idea of,
of the America that should exist, the, the actual ending of being stuck in your fucking car with your fucking self,
with the people from your life and always only referring everything to your own sense of paranoia.
Compared to the book, that's pretty fucking grim.
It's, it's a lot darker than it seems.
And, and I think that, that kind of curves around to the two,
the two phrases in this movie that, that I find the most interesting.
Um, one of which I already mentioned, the other of which is the title that are invoked,
but sort of not really used or explained.
And, um, the first inherent vice that, that comes up once.
I was just wanting to talk to you about that.
Yeah, that, um, uh, it's when they're talking about, uh, Shasta being on Wolfman's boat.
And they say, he said, I couldn't be insured because of inherent vice.
And then the explanation is, is, you know, like glass breaks, you know, things fall apart, whatever.
That's not really what inherent vice is.
Um, and the reason I know this, I thought it was really weird that Pinchon wrote a novel called Inherent Vice
because there's a guy named William Gaddis who wrote a novel called The Recognitions in 1960
that's often cited as like the major precursor to Pinchon.
I don't think it is, but whatever.
And Inherent Vice is one of the main themes in that book.
And the book is about, um, counterfeit paintings.
And Inherent Vice comes from, um, the insurance of something like a painting, uh, about which you say,
look, no matter how well we take care of this thing, no matter how careful we are,
no matter what treatments we subject it to, this will break down over time.
A painting is gonna look different in 400 years than it does now.
And, and often, you know, not to negative effects.
You see the, the estimates of the original Mona Lisa or the, you know, original Rembrandts or whatever
versus the way they look now.
Uh, I prefer the way they look now with all the smoke and soot and shit all over them.
But Inherent Vice is the idea that, um, there is a, a root flaw in the, the very material of something
that you are never gonna be able to stop from slowly cracking.
And you apply that to not just the place, LA, not even just the US, a subculture, a movement, an idea,
that particular part of Los Angeles, global capital, whatever.
I mean, the Fourth Reich itself, the, the, um, possibly not too distant end of fucking human civilization.
That it's, it's, it's interesting they make so little of it in the movie because that idea of a,
you can't even call it corruptibility because to be corrupted, you have to be one thing and then be another.
Right.
You haven't been changed by Inherent Vice.
It was just always in you.
And realizing what was always in you is the horror of, of that entire notion.
And then that, to me, the, the thing that I always start and end with, with this movie,
is the phrase that it begins with, uh,
sulle pave la plage, meaning, uh, under the paving stones, the beach.
And that was a phrase that was used in, um, particularly the May 1968 uprisings in Paris when, uh,
they almost, uh, actually they, they very briefly did kick Charles de Gaulle out of the government
and then he came back because they completely fucked everything up.
Um, as usual, the, you know, middle class sold out the working class and so Gaulle came back
and it's pretty much what you would think.
But, um, sulle pave la plage was, was one of a series of slogans come up with by this group
called the situationists who were kind of a combination political and like art theory or art critical group.
Um, the most famous member of them was a guy named Guy Debord who came up with the,
yeah, the concept of the spectacle and the society of the spectacle.
Yeah.
That at any given time, society is specifically preventing, presenting you a show to be watched
to keep you from paying attention to something important.
And seeing that phrase in this movie and in the book too, because it's also there,
is, is heartbreaking to me because when, when Guy Debord and, and the French Marxists were saying
it in 1968, what they meant was, Hey, all of this is artificial, right?
All of Paris around us is artificial.
We can tear all this shit up.
We can make a new world.
None of this is the way it has to be.
This is all just shit put on top of a beach.
And if we want to tear it back down to the beach, we can, you know,
it was supposed to be the, the ultimate freedom and inspiration.
Bring that now to America to both terms of real estate and terms of the, you know,
apocalyptic prophetic political destiny of the U S it now takes on the feeling that,
you know, under the paving stones, the beach that, Hey, we got here to the beach at the end of time,
the beach at the end of history where we were supposed to see the angelic revelation
and God was supposed to make his design clear to us.
And, um, we keep trying to pave that motherfucker over.
And, and the, the world itself keeps eating away everything.
We keep trying to fucking stamp back on top of it.
And, and, you know, as it's the opposite of the French saying, Oh no, this is still wild virgin earth.
That could be anything for the American.
It is the, the horror that on the one hand, any beach can be sold and paved over.
But on the other hand, we have hit the limits of our ability to, uh, superimpose, you know,
some sort of, of narrativized human will upon particularly a place like a beach where water
levels are going to be, uh, rising real soon.
So I wanted to, I was about to say the way we, the way we see the beach again, won't be on our terms.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Well, that is, that is a perfect fucking way to end it because that is what I always think of, uh, in,
in just the brutality of that phrase, recognizing it at the beginning as, as, you know, this completely
hopeful thing in 1968 and realizing by the time you see it in the movie, that's not what it means
anymore.
We don't even get to decide what the beach is, let alone what's built on it.
Well, that's really brilliant too.
I just wanted to make a note while we were talking, just, I, I, I thought Owen Wilson,
you know, he, he does his thing, but I thought he's quietly very good in this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Coy Harlingen is a great character and the coy story story arc is really tragic to me.
And that, uh, under the paving stones, the beach, the first thing I thought was like heroin addiction.
It was like addiction after years and years of dope, after years and years of, of the fog,
there's still you underneath.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's, and it's brilliant that coy coy becomes a coy, you know, first becomes a heroin addict.
He's in love.
He's searching for freedom.
He's a musician.
Then he becomes a COINTELPRO snitch to save his family.
And then he gets a happy ending that he is almost able to come back.
He almost is able to.
So at first I thought he, the paving stones in the beach, he's, the beach is still there.
Human is still there after all the years.
But then with what you just said about the ending and that the Johnny Greenwood music sting with the light in the rear view mirror.
And then that goes into the Chuck Jackson any day now.
Don't go away.
My beautiful bird has flown.
It's like, that's, that's a very, there's PTA is very Kubrick influenced.
And that ending is, there's a lot of Kubrick irony and darkness there.
Yeah.
Cause absolutely.
You know, once you have, once you've been in touch with those forces, are you ever really going to believe they can't touch you again?
Are you ever really going to believe they can't just call you in the middle of the night some night and say, remember us?
You know?
So yeah, the idea that he does get to go back and in theory have the, the family he should have had, you know, the life he should have had.
But can you even, let's just say things are, things are fine with his family.
Things are great.
They're as good as they could be.
And how is that man now going to live looking around himself at all times, talking to people who are his friends, his wife, his daughter, and listening to them say what they think is the truth about the world and having to know, no, it's not.
And not only is that a lie, I helped create that lie.
And it's fascinating to compare that also with Shasta Faye after her more or less Epstein-esque dalliance with Wolfman.
She's clearly so broken, you know, the, the, the sex scene with Doc.
She's clearly so, been so abused that she needs to make Doc manhandle her and like almost simulate raping her the way Wolfman would.
And so it made me wonder when you were talking, if Shasta Faye is really supposed to be there in the last shot.
If that's, that's a good point.
Yeah.
I wonder if she's not, she's not in the book.
And I thought there's no way she keeps this up.
She's back doing a little bit of beach cosplay.
She has the t-shirt on again.
She's, she's back to being groovy, but there's no way this lasts.
And, and there's one of the only lines that I think fucking clangs in, uh, the entire movie is in that last scene when they're talking about, I think it's talking about when Sordalej sent them out, uh, the day with the Ouija board in the rain.
And, um, and Shasta Faye says something like, you know, she knows things, Doc, like a really stereotypical, like she has second sight or whatever.
And that makes way more sense.
If you imagine she is not there and this is Doc trying to repeat to himself, you know, the, the, the vanished magic of whatever his fucking hippie peak was.
But then always from that point forward, looking over his shoulder, knowing that whether or not they even say my name, they're always going to fucking be there.
That, that leads me, I wrote the quote of Sordalej's narration, uh, when she says,
And that, what you were talking about, pinching on creating a physical space that embodies a whole era and iconosphere and ideology.
If there's one thing, if there's one, if I could boil inherent vice down, uh, to like a singular idea, excuse me, it's vertical integration.
Absolutely.
What we did, what we did over there comes back here.
And what they did with free love into total control is instilled down into Doc and to Shasta and to Koi.
Like we were just talking about, they, they, they won't escape what they saw and what they, this world has made them into.
Yeah.
And if you, if you know anything about it, you can hold on to all the little totems of the era that, you know, you thought made it special, but you're going to be seeing lights in your rear view mirror, your whole life going, is that?
Surely not.
But then, but it could be though.
Yeah.
Man, I think that's the, God, that's such a good fucking quote and such a great place to end it and such a great show, man.
Thank you so much for doing this.
I knew.
Yeah.
Thank you.
I knew it could only be not just because of the movie and pinch on and everything else, but I knew I needed you on Los Angeles in particular.
Yeah.
And I hope this was, uh, I feel like we worked well in, in tandem because if you didn't know pinch on and you just seen the movie, you could be like, it's really well made and interesting, but I kind of don't get it.
I kind of don't, it kind of rises up and then she's just, she's just back and she's like, no, it's fine.
So if you were in, if you're into it for just a film noir and if you don't understand the context of LA and we didn't talk about it specifically, but I'll just tell you, I have been to the Topanga Canyon party.
I was gonna.
A couple times.
I was, I actually wanted like to mention, not just, not specifically, but when bringing you on to say, I know you've been to the Topanga Canyon party because I've been to one with you.
You came with me.
I absolutely.
I was, I thought of that one.
I thought of three different parties specifically and there's probably a lot of details I shouldn't say and we're wrapping up here, but, uh, well, I'll just say this.
100% nailed the feeling of walking into a party where the idea of a fucking party and especially with cool kid LA music scene is to be free and rebellious and have fun.
Walking into a party and realizing the ancient forces of greed and fear are in power here.
That is 100% real.
Absolutely.
In the modern post Weinstein, post Epstein LA that's going nowhere.
Realizing.
Here to stay.
Every, everyone but you is 100% there for a specific agenda, even if it's not the same one.
And you have these eerie little fucking moments that he, he captures brilliantly the, the photo with the pizza and shit of, of they're like kabuki or like Greek statuary where every once in a while you get everybody in the right position at the same time.
Lines up perfectly.
Yeah. And you see, Oh my God, this is all choreography. And I'm the only one, I'm the only one who doesn't know the choreography.
Yeah. And that's, you know, we're speaking in generalizations and this can sound like QAnon adjacent, like eyes wide shut. Oh, it's all a big conspiracy and they're all in on it.
But once you can see it from the other side, it's like, there's no conspiracy. That is the ethos of the city.
Yeah. It's not a secret.
Yeah. It is perhaps the capital of America. You could consider LA the capital of America. You consider it the epicent, one of the epicenters of global capitalism is a constant rat race. Everyone's in the land developers are in charge. They use the LAPD to kill anyone that gets in the way. You shouldn't fuck with them.
The intelligence agencies are deeply invested in the culture machine and everyone understands incentives. Everyone knows to not fuck up my place. I'm trying to get up to that next stratum, the next level.
So I've always thought of LA as specifically the capital of the iconosphere, because you have this, you have the, you know, religious apocalyptic narrative, apocalyptic in the, you know, good or bad way of crossing the country, looking for some kind of a vision or redemption or proof that you're doing the right thing.
And then you get to LA and you fucking, uh, run out of earth. And so instead of just going into the ocean and admitting there was nothing here, you have to swing up. You have to go all the way up to build a world of, of the icons and saints and, and, uh, mythology that was supposed to be there to greet you, but it never showed up.
Yeah. Yeah. There's, I'll never forget when I moved into my apartment. Uh, I got furniture, I think at the Ikea, I want to say in Glendale or Burbank, but whatever way we took, I believe we took the 405 back in the city, whatever. There is a point right when you're at the edge of the LA basin from the valley going down. So you're at the top of this kind of hill on the highway and going down.
Oh, the Babylon point.
There is a Babylon point where there is a, there's some church off to the side of the highway and you pull up to this, you know, the edge of this hill and you see the whole basin and the ocean. And there's this massive glowing neon cross on the side of the highway. And the, without, I didn't even, I don't know if I'd seen this movie by then. I had only lived in LA for like a year, year and a half at this point.
And I had this, like John the Baptist words in my head was God stops here. This is where God stops. This, this cross marks LA something different. And it's the iconosphere from on out.
That's fucking perfect. That, that's the, the epitaph for the show. God stops here. Well, my bro, thank you so much for doing this. And where should, uh, where should people go to look for your other work?
I guess, uh, it's, uh, patreon.com slash judge movies is everything else is on there. And then you can find my music through Twitter and Instagram and whatnot. So.
Yeah. And we've done various things on each other's shows so you can find crossover episodes and well, God stops here. Thank you so much.
Thank you, bro.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
How to infiltrate joy into the world.
Can't we all just get along like Amazon and Raytheon?
Coming together to make a drone.
To bring us lunch and kill the sun.
In a city just a two for one.
Holistic joy to the world.
Please don't resist all the joy in your world.
Just a car full of celebrities singing about the joy.
In your bird.
A string of bad luck in this final turn.
We gathered around and watched our cities burn.
Who could have possibly predicted this?
Said everyone.
So we boldly venture into the black.
Guided by a grand soundtrack.
We'll liberate some foreign stars.
And stick a flag on the face of Mars.
The beauty of starting again.
Your patience, zero and original sin.
The mantra rings across the land.
How clever.
Look at us.
We've done it again.
We're bringing joy.
To whole new worlds.
You must admit we've certainly got enough.
We're bringing joy.
To whole new worlds.
In time these aliens will land all out the joy.
We'll bring our whole new worlds.
We're bringing joy.
To your world.
You better hope you don't have cheap bananas or rice.
We're bringing joy.
To your world.
You better hope you don't have dead dinosaurs.
We'll bring joy.
You better hope you don't have Rob.
You quick?
I want it.
Let'schodzi at theâln of the 이건 on the opening.
Why?
I want it.
