Chocolate bar.
Chocolate bar.
Chocolate bar.
Chocolate bar.
Chocolate bar.
Guys, guys.
Yeah?
Please.
What's up?
Can this be a normal episode?
With the Bosch?
No way!
Aww.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
Welcome to the worst of all possible worlds, the first and only podcast that's cruising
on down Main Street.
I'm the worst of all possible, AJs.
I'm the worst of all possible, Brian.
And I'm the worst of all possible, Joshes.
Yes, we are back for yet another case study in the pop culture of a dying empire.
And this time around, we're taking a trip down memory lane.
Yeah.
We're looking at our dying educational infrastructure.
We are.
We're going back to the days when kids could actually get a school bus to go to their
neighborhood.
We're also.
Even if they lived in Philadelphia.
Oh, God.
We're also going to be looking at something that is effectively dead, which is to say
edutainment.
Children's educational software.
It is alive and well on Netflix, who technically have educational games.
That's not edutainment.
Yeah, they have educational games on Netflix.
They do have games.
They do?
They do?
On Netflix?
Oh, yeah.
They're moving more into the gaming territory.
Technically, immortality is an educational game.
But yeah, it's been a little while, I think, since we did an episode that was just about
like something fun that we are, at least for me, maybe.
Yeah.
Since we've done something fun that I remember from when I was a kid.
Well, we were doing Ladscast a few months ago.
Yeah.
And then we just started.
We just it was not in the notes or anything.
No.
And we just started going on a riff about like the stuff that we remembered from the
PBS TV show.
That's right.
Magic School Bus.
That's right.
Right.
And specifically just how fucking awful Janet was.
Horrible.
Horrible.
But just a dreadful little piece of shit.
Yeah.
Just terrible.
Terrible.
And they got her voice for the game, too, which I thought was kind of a coup de gras,
really, for that entire.
I love that they give her glasses of like just some old hen from like the 40s.
I mean, she looks exactly like Arnold, just with a different pair of glasses.
But I mean, here's the other thing, too.
We cover a lot of really bad children's media on this podcast.
And sometimes we just want to like show an example of a thing that is good.
Yeah.
And what better example than the Magic School Bus?
Yeah.
It's a fun show, right?
A fantastically whimsical franchise.
One of the things that I don't think we've really done on the show is talk about an entire
intellectual property in the way that it gets translated across different media.
Yeah.
I think that's kind of interesting.
And with the Magic School Bus, it was a great thing to start with for this because it got
translated into so many different forms of media across different book series, both the
originals and the spinoffs across, again, children's entertainment CD-ROMs.
Yeah.
Public television.
Public television.
Just so many different angles to look at.
So we're going to have some fun today.
We're going to talk about two of the sort of er stories of the Magic School Bus, the two
that I think everybody remembers.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And we're going to wrap it up toward the end, talking about just a really lousy game that
we all played together and had some fun with, too.
So stay tuned for that toward the end.
It's going to be a fun one.
It involves a chocolate bar.
Yeah.
If you were watching our stream earlier this week or, well, no, well, last week, almost
a week ago.
Yeah.
About a week ago.
If you're listening to this when it comes out.
Yeah.
And if you're listening to it after.
Who knows?
Yeah, who knows?
Who can say?
The sky is the limit.
Do they still have buses where you are?
Yeah.
Do they still exist?
Josh fired up his MacBook.
His old.
PowerBook.
PowerBook.
It's a PowerBook G3.
Yeah.
And we played that old Magic School Bus game natively on there.
Yeah.
Had a lot of fun.
Well, I had a lot of fun.
I don't know about you guys.
I slowly lost my mind.
I was playing a character throughout.
Got it.
Okay.
My own emotions are a mystery to all, even myself.
But yeah, like Magic School Bus, right?
Yeah.
Curious to hear.
I certainly have my story about it, which I will tell.
But I'm curious to hear from both of you what your experience was with the Magic School
Bus growing up and what that looked like.
I think it was kind of inescapable if you were in our generation to miss this show.
I mean, it was on PBS all the time.
That's really where I saw it.
There was an afternoon block.
I think it went back to back with it.
And Arthur is the one I remember watching.
PBS was producing really pretty quality programming.
They couldn't afford to do a 22 episode season.
Right.
And Arthur, I think even in late, you know, because Arthur ran until quite recently.
Yeah.
They were putting out like four episode seasons by the end.
Just what they could.
But it is traditional animation and it is well acted and it is put together by people who
are interested in making something work.
That's right.
And I would say interested both from a craft perspective as well as an educational perspective.
Yeah.
Both of those things are very much there.
Yeah.
I mean, I my main experience with Magic School Bus was playing the Lost in Space game, which
we will talk about a little later, even though there's really not a lot to talk about a lot
of game there.
Yeah.
I mean, I that was what I sort of played on loop.
I mean, beyond that, I don't really have a lot of association with Magic School Bus.
I moved on from it pretty quickly, if I remember correctly, because I discovered that Recess
existed.
And I'm like that that really took the place of Magic School Bus because a lot of the characters
kind of resemble the characters in Magic School Bus.
You mean a kid with a green shirt and a red hat?
Yeah.
Turned on backwards or whatever.
Because Ralphie really does look like T.J.
Detweiler.
And and so that was sort of that was more formative to me than Magic School Bus.
But I mean, you can't escape Miss Frizzle.
She fucking rocks, man.
Go.
I didn't realize that there were over 50 episodes of this show.
Yeah.
And I was looking through IMDb and looking at the episodes.
I was like, yep.
Seen this one.
Seen this one.
Seen this one.
Read a few.
I don't think we owned any of the Magic School Bus books.
Maybe a little bit later getting it from a scholastic book order thing.
Oh, yeah.
But they were definitely in stock at school.
I remember reading those and definitely seeing the TV series.
Yeah.
And I played maybe one of the games.
I didn't own it.
I played it at school and it was for like a not like a computer lab.
It was like the computer that was in the classroom.
The one.
The one.
When you'd have your organized activities.
And so it would be like an hour and then you get like five minutes to do the geo safari.
Or the math blaster.
And I, for the zoomers listening to this, if you want to know what Geo Safari is, I'm not going to tell you.
Look it up.
Do your own research.
You will never know.
And yeah, then like you could play the Magic School Bus Rainforest game on the computer for like five minutes.
Right.
Which I think is actually what it's best suited for.
It's very small computer lab segments.
Yeah.
A lot of these edutainment games seem to have been designed for that.
Absolutely.
I grew up with like the Jumpstart game.
So Jumpstart, third grade, fourth grade, fifth grade.
My parents, there was a whole sort of taboo around video games at the time that if you put your kids in front of a screen for too long, it would actively make them dumber.
Yeah.
And so my mom was like, you can play these games, but they have to be serve an educational purpose.
You have to blast some math.
You got to blast some math.
And so this is what I thought video games were for a very long time until I got my N64 when I was like eight or nine years old.
And your IQ dropped by 20 points.
Yeah.
And then I got infinitely dumber.
But, you know, you know, I was playing Myst.
I was doing these games.
Again, I played the shit out of Lost in Space.
But it is a it's so funny going back to play them now and being like, oh, there's nothing here.
Yeah.
This is a PowerPoint presentation.
Yeah.
Well, I think it's actually a macro media director presentation.
There you go.
There's a lot of paint.
A lot of these characters were made in paint.
But, yeah, I think for me, it is the reason that I've been wanting to do this episode is that for me, Magic School Bus is just one of those things.
I don't usually do the whole fucking cringe, choogy millennial like, oh, my God, when I was a kid.
I'm right here.
Only 90 kids.
Only 90 children.
90 children.
Only 90 children.
Remember the yak back.
That's right.
No.
My favorite TNT show was the 90.
But the Magic School Bus for me is one of those things where I just associate it so strongly and warmly with good memories of my childhood.
Yeah.
That I felt like it would be a lot of fun to go back and take a look in terms of like what that looked like for me when I was a kid.
Yeah.
It was everything.
So the whole suite.
It was the full suite.
We had all the books because and this is the fun little thing that I've been excited to tell everybody about.
My mom was a children's librarian who would dress up as Miss Frizzle and go to schools in character and go to events in character as Miss Frizzle.
And one time she did an event at a local bookstore in Grand Rapids, Michigan called Shuler called Pooh's Corner.
Oh, lovely.
Pooh's Corner was a small children's bookshop.
And one day that bookshop hosted Joanna Cole and Bruce Deegan, the author and illustrator of the Magic School Bus.
And my mom showed up.
She was she just showed up just rambling.
No, she I think got hired or I don't know.
Maybe she fucking volunteered, but yeah, showed up as Miss Frizzle to the event.
And I'm assuming she knew that they were going to be there.
Yeah.
OK, OK.
I just like the idea of her coming in.
Oh, shit.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
No, it was like Tomlin's out back with a baseball bat.
No, it's a whole publisher event.
And actually, you mentioned Lily Tomlin, who's the voice of Miss Frizzle in the animated series.
Yeah.
The thing that my mom would always say when kids asked her why she didn't sound like on the TV show.
Right.
Is she'd be like, well, they just hired somebody to play her on the TV show.
That's really good.
That's not me.
That's a voice.
She was like, have you kids seen nine to five?
It's her.
The West Wing fans.
Anyone?
Was she on the West Wing?
I'm pretty sure.
In later seasons.
Yeah.
Hold on.
All right.
Well, well, well, you look that up.
I just want to tell my favorite piece about this story, which is that my we're getting a thumbs up from AJ.
She was on the West Wing.
Yes.
Put down your pitchfork.
It's been confirmed.
At one point during the event, they walked up to her and were like, hey, you know, we've seen a lot of people like do this Miss dressing up as Miss Frizzle thing.
But you're like actually really good at this.
Oh, that's incredible.
My mom is technically an authorized Miss Frizzle impersonator.
You just you just see them like leaning over your mom's shoulder and like making the stop gesture to Lily Tomlin, who slowly puts away her iron knuckles.
Well, and Lily Tomlin never did it a live action thing.
She was strictly the voice.
And we'll talk a bit more about her when we get to the TV show.
But I just wanted to take a moment to talk specifically a bit more about the books, because this is where it all started.
And I mentioned Joanna Cole and Bruce Deegan.
They, of course, are the co-creators.
And just for a little bit of background about sort of what their whole deal is.
Joanna Cole was born in Newark, New Jersey in 1944.
She was raised in East Orange, New Jersey and graduated from City College, New York in 1967.
And once she graduated, she basically began working as a school librarian.
That was her first gig.
And then moved over into the world of publishing, where she worked as an editor, got a good head around like what children's stories look like, what makes them tick.
And began freelancing as a children's author herself in 1980.
It was around this time that she really started getting published as a freelancer.
And her first big hit was a book called Bony Legs.
Now, I've never read this.
Have either of you guys read this one?
No, I was going down the list of her other books.
I have not read any of them.
Yeah, yeah.
I can't.
I mean, it is funny that this Bony Legs is actually based on me.
So, you know, I do get royalties from it.
It's funny because like children's books, I think more so than most books, either have like a burst of time where they're read and liked and whatever.
Yeah.
And then they're gone in like a couple of years.
Yeah.
Or they last for centuries.
Yeah.
Right, right, right.
And like no in between.
And especially educational books, sometimes things just become out of date.
And sometimes, you know, who knows?
They're just trends that I think seem even more magnified when your audience is going to grow out of it in a year.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And it's also something that we're not necessarily tapped into much anymore because none of us have kids.
But I remember like the last big children's book that I remember reading was I Want My Hat Back.
Yeah.
Because somebody said that was really funny.
Yeah.
I remember that came out when I was in college.
It's a really funny book.
Great fucking children's book.
Really good.
I love love.
Children's books need a little bit of murder in them.
Well, my.
A little dangerous.
Yeah.
And the thing is, I actually, I don't know a great deal about the world of children's literature, but my mom is still a school librarian.
Oh, sure.
You're tapped in a lot more than Liz Brander.
Sort of at a bit of a distance.
Yeah.
Do kids still read The Stinky Cheese Man?
I don't.
I could ask.
That was a friend of mine's uncle in high school wrote those books.
Interesting.
And it was very funny because he got apparently a lot of flack from Disney about that stuff because they didn't want to like inflate them with their fairy tales.
You know, so it was the whole battle to get that published was a little bit of an uphill one.
But I feel like it's it's survived the test of time for the most part.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Maybe that replaced by Shrek.
I don't know.
That to me feels so 90s.
Yeah.
It feels like it's just so baked into like the grunge and like sardonic era.
And, you know, reading it as a first grader, it was like, this is the most unbelievable shit I've ever encountered.
It's like the story I know, but wrong.
Oh, yeah.
What irreverence.
Yeah.
But I think the thing about Joanna Cole's writing.
Joanna Cole's writing is actually, I think, pretty earnest.
Yeah.
Yes.
100%.
That is such a big piece of what makes these books work.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What sort of draws you to them.
And with the publication of Bony Legs, she was now on the map.
That was in 83.
And on the other side of things was an illustrator named Bruce Deegan.
Yeah.
Now, Bruce was born in Brooklyn in 1945, came up painting from a very young age.
You can.
Yeah.
He was painting.
He tells this story.
Yeah.
In the interview that will link where he's like in sixth grade and he would just paint in the back.
He'd get out of taking like math tests and stuff because his teacher was like, no, just let him paint.
Let him paint.
You know, and because it's New York, he's able to go to an arts high school.
He went to LaGuardia, right?
Yeah.
And he's able to, you know, and that's what he does.
He paints.
That's just his whole life.
I actually have a fun story about that in that in high school, I was doing crazy for you.
And I was so exhausted that my teachers would let me sleep in certain classes because I was just they came to see the show.
And they were like, yeah, you need to you need to sleep because I think you might be dying.
But it is.
It's like, again, superhero teachers, right, who can recognize this kid's artistry and put him on the map for it.
And Bruce Deegan himself would go on to be an art teacher.
That was a piece of his whole thing.
And his kids, one of his sons is also a painter.
You know, he also wrote a little bit like like one of his first children's books is something that he wrote as well.
And we're going to talk about that in a second.
Because this painting experience, like he was as passionate about creating the art as he was about teaching other people and kids, especially how they could unlock their own creativity.
Right.
He got his bachelor's from the Cooper Union.
He got his master's from Pratt.
So he really stayed in New York City.
And his big breakthrough was a book called Jamberry.
This was published by HarperCollins in 1982.
Were either of you familiar with this book?
No, I was familiar with the title.
I don't think I've ever read it.
Okay.
This was another book that I had as a child in regular rotation.
Okay.
Sure.
There was also an audio book version where it was a little song that they composed to it.
And so I could flip through the book while you were listening to the tape.
Oh, okay.
A lot of fun.
It was a tape that went along.
It wasn't like one of those books that had the buttons on the side.
No, no, no.
I had those too.
We had so many of those.
You know, it was like a full recorded, like sung through accompaniment.
Okay.
The whole gist of it for Bruce Deegan was he was upstate and he was just kind of like walking around through the woods.
And he realized that like there were so many berries that you could just forage for because they were just all over.
Oh, sure.
And then he had this idea of like, well, what if I just wrote this kind of silly little poem about different berries and what it looks like to go and, you know, pick them and stuff like that.
And then he realized after writing it, he had to turn around and make it into something visual.
And that was what really unlocked it because it was like, you know, here are the words.
But in order to make these words really mean something and to stick in a meaningful way and have it be more than just a little silly poem.
Yeah.
I have to illustrate something that unlocks the imagination.
And it's not about real berries, right?
This is a sort of a nonsense poem.
Yeah, exactly.
Dr. Seuss.
Exactly.
T.S. Eliot kind of thing.
Yeah.
He did not keep kids from eating poisonous berries.
Yeah.
I think there's a canoe berry at some point.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Sure, sure, sure.
Is there like a little guy in it?
Yeah, I think so.
Is it a smaller berry?
Well, there's a bear.
That's the other thing is there's a bear who's going for berries.
He wants his hat back.
It's very cute.
It's very, very cute.
That was also a huge hit.
And again, HarperCollins, that's one of the big ones.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And it was on their flagship imprint.
And so now you've got basically two up and comers in their emerging talents in the world of children's literature.
Right.
And a guy named Craig Walker, who is an editor at Scholastic, which you'll remember published Bony Legs, Joanna Cole's big breakthrough.
Yeah.
He had this idea.
In the 1980s, during the great era for picture book sales, we kept getting requests from teachers who were interested in seeing more books in the science category.
So we had the breakthrough idea of putting curriculum science inside a story.
I remembered as a child loving to go on field trips.
So I thought about doing books about kids going on field trips to places they really couldn't through a water system to the bottom of the ocean inside the earth.
And I remembered an eccentric second grade teacher in my school who everyone thought was the best.
She brought everything imaginable into her classroom, even a teepee, and had every corner, ledge and windowsill filled with things.
So that is where Miss Frizzle came from.
So I'm curious at this point, did you guys have a teacher like this?
Absolutely.
I feel like Frizzle is like a very particular kind of teacher.
And I feel like the reason why these books are as successful as they are, are because everyone's had somebody like the Frizz.
Mine was a guy named Mr. Cleary when I was in third.
He was my third and fourth grade teacher.
He introduced me to like really loving books, I think.
I mean, I'd always like read up until that point, but he would read, do an hour every afternoon where he would just read stuff to us.
In my mind, he's related to Beverly Cleary.
He's like, why don't you read these books by my aunt about a guy named Henry and a mouse named Ralph?
What was weird was because I grew up in very conservative Escondido, California, right?
And he was a hippie who had gone to Woodstock.
Oh, hell yeah.
And that was a big thing amongst all the kids.
It's like, oh, Mr. Cleary like ran naked at Woodstock or whatever.
And he's like, I didn't really.
And then I like that.
That's like every kid like, oh, yeah, the hippies.
They were nude.
Yeah, they were just fully nude.
It was like the musical hair.
They're nude for like two seconds.
And that's all anyone ever talks about.
It's like it's the naked musical.
Not the anti-war stuff.
No, it's just the nudity.
I remember he would read all these books to us and he would put on all the voices for it.
And that was sort of the first time where I was like, oh, I could probably, I think I can do that.
My Miss Frizzle was my second grade teacher.
Okay.
Who did a Miss Frizzle day every year.
And so she always had like a different thing.
It was not associated with science, though.
It was also like the day that the second grade class would do its vaudeville show.
Oh.
Oh.
So, you know, magic tricks and stand up comedy and tumbling and whatever a kid would do.
What are the type fives looking like in second grade?
Yeah, so, you know, you.
Forgetting the light.
It's straight up just reading the joke off the popsicle stick.
Oh, sure.
Oh, that's adorable.
And so this kid like did an act.
I think I probably just pilfered something from my brother's magic kit that he used for his act when he was in second grade.
Ah, the Alfred tradition.
And so her theme that year.
So like all the parents would be like the middle of the day and the parents came and saw the show and then, you know, whatever.
Yeah.
And she did an aquatic theme that year.
And so she had like ocean stuff and seaweed looking stuff.
And then she had like this giant pendant that was a sea turtle.
Oh, wow.
This is very Miss Frizzle-esque.
Yeah, yeah.
Very.
Oh, totally committed.
Frizz-coated.
It was funny because she was also one of the most like stern of our teachers.
She was the one who like yelled the most.
Interesting.
But, you know, she had her whimsy to her.
Yeah.
And I remember at the beginning of the day, I was like, you have a turtle neck.
Nice.
Oh, man.
That is a magic school.
And she liked that joke so much, she repeated it to the parents before we did our vaudeville show.
Wow.
Hell yeah, dude.
Look at you.
Yeah.
Who knew?
Who knew that I had such a career ahead of me making jokes?
Yeah.
It's a shame you didn't give your type five in second grade.
I feel like that could have been.
I will never have a type five because I'm not that kind of person.
Brian is a loose seven.
I'm not that kind of girl.
Brian is a loose seven.
I mentioned already that my mom was literally Miss Frizzle.
Right, right, right.
My Miss Frizzle-like teacher was a guy named Mr. Miller.
He was my third grade teacher.
Okay.
Yeah.
There was that teepee bit.
He literally built a life-size wigwam out in the fucking life.
This would be problematic where I went to school.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Listen, you want to talk about ways that I was sort of inspired or whatever?
He saw that I really had this passion for computers and shit, and he really kind of taught
me about the idea of computer programming, that you could give instructions to a computer
and have it do what you wanted it to do rather than just running applications on it.
Yeah.
This guy also had temper problems and probably was not the best suited to be an elementary
school teacher for that reason.
Interesting.
Right.
Yeah.
But at the same time-
Like Miss Frizzle's drinking problem.
Which-
But yeah, it's like a teacher who really unlocks your imagination is something that you will
always remember.
I think it's incredible even now how so clearly we can all remember this shit.
Oh, yeah.
And that's really what Craig Walker had in mind with this book series.
Yeah.
So when he brought Joanna Cole and Bruce Deegan together, they didn't know each other.
Yeah.
This was a forced marriage.
They had no-
Oh, uh.
They didn't even know each other as-
A gunpoint.
Yeah.
They didn't know each other as they worked on the first book.
That's right.
It was all correspondence.
It was all faxes and letters and-
Wow.
And any adjustments were just done through the editor.
Yeah.
And even after they became friends and eventually very close personal friends-
He lived in-
He moved to the same town that she was in.
I think she'd sold him the house.
Well, I think she was like a realtor.
I think it was her realtor sold him the house.
Her realtor.
It was like-
It was like a-
Yeah.
So they knew each other.
Yeah.
They were in Newtown, Connecticut.
It's not a big place.
Newtown, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Not a big place at all.
But they would always do their work separately.
And they would always bring their complaints to the editor.
And then the editor could be like, okay, so-
Well, it's good to have a mediator.
Yes.
Especially on a collaborative process like that.
Yeah.
But I do think it's interesting.
I think that also strikes me as like force of habit, right?
Yeah.
You were very successful with the first book.
Yeah.
This was the process.
And then you get used to that process over time.
Right.
That's why I only speak to you guys through our lawyer.
Yeah.
My actual father.
Tony's been very helpful.
Little peek behind the curtain there.
No.
He's actually sitting in the corner of the room now taking furious notes.
This is going to make arbitration later very difficult.
Actually, it is his birthday this week.
Oh, happy birthday.
Interesting.
Sound off to my dad.
Wish him some happy birthdays in the comments.
I'm sure he'll get a real kick out of it.
Happy's birthday.
Happy's birthday.
It's one of those things where even though they did not know each other at all, they were
able to work together so effectively in building these worlds.
And then once they started going out on press junkets together, that was when they actually
developed an interpersonal relationship and became close friends.
Yeah.
I mean, the way that they worded in the interviews is almost like Scholastic didn't want them
to know each other.
Right.
And it was like, well, this is so popular.
This is so popular.
You have to do the school circuit.
Right.
And so, yeah, that's that's all that's going to happen is you're going to get to know the
other person.
Well, and I think like Scholastic had like sort of a grip hold over every elementary school
library in the country.
Oh, with those book fairs.
Yeah.
And it still does.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
This book fair.
I mean, did you guys get the monthly little like book order?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
This actually might be a good sidebar here very quickly to talk about Scholastic.
Yeah.
I didn't have a place for this in the outline, but I think it's worth mentioning.
Absolutely.
Scholastic is, I think, the biggest children's book publisher in the world.
HarperCollins, for instance.
Yeah.
They publish children's literature, but they also publish other stuff.
Scholastic is just children's literature.
Right.
And their business model is that they have close relationships with children's librarians
all over the country.
And they also do these book fairs, like you were mentioning, where there will be like little
order forms that you get.
And then kids can order books through these order forms.
You know, they send in their cash.
And I'm sure it's all online now or whatever.
But like, that's how it was when I was a kid.
Yeah.
They would send you them in the mail.
And then also they would just have these fairs where they would come to your library and
they just have these huge displays.
That's still definitely a thing.
Yeah.
The fair is still a thing.
They're their own company, right?
They're not owned by anything.
Yes.
Yeah.
But they're massive.
But it's worth noting that Scholastic does have a lot of imprints, one of which is the
imprint that published Harry Potter.
Right.
That's the thing.
It's like they publish.
Not Bloomsbury.
Oh, Bloomsbury is the UK publisher.
Scholastic got the American rights to the Harry Potter books.
Right.
Right.
Scholastic also publishes.
You know, Captain Underpants started with Scholastic.
Clifford started with Scholastic.
Of course, the magic.
Clifford is the corporate mascot for Scholastic.
OK.
That's right.
I remember they built a little Clifford doghouse at all of my Scholastic book fairs.
Oh, that's cute.
They had to build a big one, though.
I know, but it was small.
The little one is useless.
It was small.
It's not going to fit.
It's not going to fit.
No.
Like, I know his name is Martin Short, but he has to get in a bigger doghouse.
No.
Martin Short, star of the hit film Clifford, which has nothing to do with the dog.
Oh, man.
Him and Charles Grodin.
That will be the final episode of Fancy Movie Time is we will do Martin Short's Clifford.
So the magic school bus on publication.
The first book is called The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks.
Yeah.
Basically, the gist of this book is that they explore the water cycle.
The bus gets evaporated and then they rain down and then they go to a water treatment plant.
Water treatment as well.
Yeah.
It's a pretty broad category.
I mean, these books are kind of big.
They're 40-ish pages.
They're dense.
Yeah.
It's like so many words per page.
They really generally don't expect you to read every word on them if you're a little kid looking through it.
Right.
It's a master class in formatting.
It shows you where to look and it gives you, if you're not going to read the whole thing,
you're at least going to be able to get the gist of each page.
Absolutely.
Really, the reason that they were even able to do this is, again, their collaborative relationship.
It just turned out that Joanna Cole and Bruce Deegan stayed in their lanes when necessary.
Presumably, when there were conflicts, they were able to work it out through the editor.
And what we got was this really impressive and comprehensive series of children's books
that does a great job at teaching basic scientific concepts.
Yeah.
So now they basically have the hottest IP in children's publishing at the biggest children's
book publisher in the world.
Right.
And so this immediately takes off.
You know, they start making more books.
They start publishing books on like a 12 to 18 month cadence.
And every time a new book comes out, it's another exciting hit for Scholastic.
And Brian, you had mentioned an interview with Joanna Cole and Bruce Deegan.
And these were videos that I was able to find from something called the Reading Rockets,
which is a production by Weta TV, which is a PBS affiliate.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And basically, this is separate interviews with Joanna Cole and Bruce Deegan from like a
decade ago.
Yeah.
And my favorite thing about these interviews is the way that they talk about each other.
And you can tell how much professional respect they have for each other.
And you can see why the relationship worked as well as it did.
So why don't you just roll those clips back to back?
What I admire most about Bruce's artwork is that is the flexibility.
I mean, I'm not counting the humor and the characters.
And I mean, to me, that goes without saying.
But Bruce can draw anything from any angle, looking down on it from outer space, looking up at it from an ant's point of view in the wink of an eye.
Bruce Deegan, You know, Leo, What's Up to the risk of an attack?
Joanna is a really good writer.
Sometimes, you know, I use her as a paradigm.
When I'm reading something else, I say, you know how Joanna would have said this.
You know, our point is that we have to be very clear.
Very, very clear.
We don't want the children to have a fuzzy idea as having read something in one of our books.
We want them to feel that they understand what's going on.
And so you have to say things that are clear and you have to say things that are truthful.
Sometimes you can't tell the whole truth because it's too complicated.
But the part you're telling has to be truthful.
So I really admire her ability to do that and to organize the story and, you know, and make it all go.
Yeah. And Josh, you mentioned that it's, you know, 12 to 18 months between each book.
And at least what Joanna Cole says about her process is that it really took that long.
Like it wasn't just that that was the space that they got published in.
It took a full year to figure out what kind of details we're putting into this because they're always so good.
You know, you think about where these things are aimed and where the TV show and the computer game are aimed at very, very young kids.
Yeah. So these are about priming the very basic facts of what your digestive system is, what your heart does.
Right. Right. Really simple things. But you have to know that kind of stuff backwards and forwards before you can go anywhere with it.
Well, and not to mention the fact that the story revolves around a school bus that is magic.
And so you have to be able to differentiate what are the things that are grounded in actual scientific fact versus the things that are just fun stuff that we came up with that is fun.
And isn't it so fun to think about and imagine things in this way?
And it's and it's so whimsical.
You know, I think there's also something to point out here, too, about, you know, we cover Adventures in Odyssey, which is an evangelical Christian radio drama.
And the way that just in that brief interview, those two talk about kids.
Yeah. Yeah.
Is with so much more respect and honor.
Absolutely.
So fucking anything any of the creators of Odyssey have ever said about kids.
Yeah. And they're making something that is supposed to be didactic in the most basic sense.
It is supposed to be teaching you facts about science.
Yeah. Where Adventures in Odyssey is trying not to be that we could look at Christian educational programming at some point in time in the future.
But like this. Yeah, you can just even reading this as an adult.
You're like, I get exactly why this is written the way that it's written.
Yeah. And 12 to 18 months also seems right, because, you know, I think there is this sort of misconception that you can just churn out a kid's book really quickly and it just goes out there.
But the ones that do last, you know, stand the test of time, like Magic School Bus and, you know, Dr. Seuss, you look at all those fucking Dr. Seuss drafts where he's just really refining the rhymes and really refining the words that will go into it.
And it's just if anything, writing kids books is more difficult because you have less words to express yourself.
Absolutely. You have to refine it to a diamond fucking sheet.
Yeah. And so much of the industry is just like flattering a bunch of actors.
It's like, yeah, I don't really think that Nathan Lane is going to have a good children's book in him.
I mean, I disagree.
I think that Nathan Lane is a good is at least a good writer.
The ones that always confuse me are the ones who aren't primarily writers who are doing it right, who are just like, I wanted to write this bedtime story.
I told my kids John Krasinski.
Exactly. Exactly.
The craft and care that Deegan does with the drawings, I think specifically, like they feel warm and cozy, even in like very horrifying situations that they find these characters in.
You're never scared for their lives in a way that you probably should be.
There is a funny sort of, I don't know, Laurel and Hardy aspect to it where the kids are not always on board.
No, they're not.
Yeah, no.
Like Miss Frizzle is described in the very first book is just like, we don't know, man.
I don't know about this lady.
And then they're like, you know, they're getting stuck in the bloodstream and they're like, well, fuck.
Right.
They don't even have suits in the book.
They're just raw dog in that blood.
At least they're wearing medical masks.
Yeah, you know what?
There you go.
Which I thought was a really fun touch too, but.
They went woke.
What did they know?
When did they know it?
By 1994, there were already six books in the main series.
And at that point, Scholastic started working with SCETV, which is South Carolina's PBS affiliate, as well as a Toronto based animation studio called Nelvana, which would later go on to produce an animated series known as Donkey Kong Country.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
And yet I can.
This then leads to an adaptation, an animated television adaptation, which gets aired, as we were saying at the beginning on PBS Kids.
And then the third piece of this tripod is a license from Scholastic to Microsoft, who is looking to spin up a children's software division and securing the IP for the most popular educational franchise of the moment.
Yeah.
Felt like a good deal for Microsoft.
They work with a company called Music Pen Entertainment to develop four or five initial games based on the magic school bus.
So we start we start with the book.
Yeah.
We start with Lost in the Solar System.
This came out in 1990.
I mean, the thing that immediately jumped out to me is, Brian, as you said, the layout of this thing, it is wider than most books.
There's just so much you can fit on the page.
The drawings are incredible in the way that, like, as someone who I don't think I really read the books a lot as a kid, as someone who watched the TV show, I was like, I can see how it rhymes.
And I could see how the TV show is trying to make this very beautiful watercolor thing like actually feasible in a in a.
Yeah, I remember I didn't really like going to the books and seeing the characters because they were off model from the.
I don't remember fully, but I think even like the later books get a little bit more like more cartoony, more flat color, a little bit.
Yeah.
But like, yeah.
So it's like that's not quite what Arnold looks like to to me, having watched him on PBS for years or whatever.
Right.
They feel more expressive just because I think that's just sort of the limits of animation in terms of budgets at stuff at the time.
It I feel like the drawings themselves, you can have Arnold contorted into a lot different.
Well, and there's way more kids in this class.
It sort of makes them a little bit more anonymous.
Like, I don't know what what the sort of dumpy girl with the blonde bowl cut is up to.
But like she's hanging out in this book was not the first book in the series,
but it is the one that we're going to start with talking about just because I think when people remember the magic school bus,
like the one where they go to space is, I think, the one that maybe most people remember.
Yeah.
It's either the magic school bus is going to space, they're going in the ocean or they're getting bored.
Like that's sort of the main category of magic school bus adventure.
I think so.
Yeah.
So let's just start this up top here.
It was trip day again in Miss Frizzle's class.
Everyone was excited.
We were going to the planetarium to see a sky show about the solar system.
And within this, there is also on every single page, there is a little like note from one of the kids in the class.
There's also dialogue bubbles like traditional sort of comic speech bubbles for all the characters.
We have a little note from John here in the corner.
What is the solar system by John?
The solar system is the sun and all the bodies that orbit around it.
The nine planets, their moons, the asteroids, chunks of rock and comets, balls of ice and dust.
And we see John just sort of walking around a lamp.
Yeah.
What appears to be an egg.
Yeah.
Showing with orbiting is.
And there's a lot.
I'm sure that's just called a ball.
AJ.
That's an egg.
I'm pretty sure that's a that's a that's a hard boiled egg.
It's a perfectly spherical egg.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Those that's called a ball.
They're actually they usually don't have any like yolk or anything in them.
It's usually just air.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But if you but but if you sit on it long enough, something will hatch.
No.
No.
Actually, no.
Listen, we had two very different recesses, I guess, growing up.
The other thing that's on here and just to point up, you know, Miss Frizzle herself.
Right.
Yeah.
She's wearing this ridiculous piggy bank dress.
She does look tired in a way that I that's very reflective.
I think of teachers in this particular one.
She's pointing the solar system.
And Brian, did you want to do for his?
I do want to hear.
Do you?
I'd be curious.
Class and orbit is the path of a planet or other object around the sun.
Right.
So, again, I'm not doing the voice.
That's one page.
We're not going to go through every page like this.
But just to give you a sense of the information density.
Right.
This is 40 pages that are like this.
Yeah.
The storytelling itself is pretty straightforward.
Like the next page is Arnold's cousin.
Janet was visiting our class for the day.
I know all of you will be nice to our guests, said the frizz.
Just introducing this idea that Arnold, who is our how would we even describe Arnold?
He's less.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's a real schlamazel.
Yes.
Yes, he is.
He just wants a normal day of school, but no one will ever let him have it.
No, he will always be imperiled.
Yes.
I took a note here and I think it is worth pointing out that Janet likes to brag about
all the things that she has at her school.
What she's doing in this classroom is still a little bit of a mystery.
Yeah.
Unclear.
Unclear.
And I was like, I'm not sure what I'm saying with regard to the frizz's lesson.
I knew that I get all A's in school.
I have five computers.
My planet went, but my planet, my class went to the planetarium last year.
So to be clear, she has five computers.
Yeah.
Yes.
Five PS computers.
She says, my school is taller than your school.
Our swings are better than your swings.
And my teacher is weirder than your teacher.
It's funny.
This is good writing.
It has a little thought bubble that says, who wants a tall school?
Uh, it is called wayside school and it is falling down.
I didn't realize that that was the guy who wrote holes.
Yeah.
Because I was like, oh yeah, I remember holes.
Like what, what was that guy up to before or after holes?
And I was like, oh, he had been writing for like 40 years.
I, I had a night, I had nightmares about the 13th floor of wayside school because it
was the one that didn't exist.
And if you ended up there, you had to memorize.
Yeah.
I never read entire like whole letters of the alphabet of the dictionary.
And you got to leave once you memorize the entire dictionary.
Was this basically like a combination of phantom toll booth and the great glass elevator?
I mean, kind of, kind of.
Yeah.
It was just a very wacky school where sometimes you got condemned to hell.
Yeah.
Okay.
You're talking about the class, right?
Yes.
They are doing their best to tolerate Janet.
We tried to be nice to Janet.
We really did.
As we got on the school bus, we told her that Miss Frizzle is the weirdest teacher in school,
but Janet wasn't interested.
She wanted to tell us about herself.
And normally in these kinds of books, she'd get some comeuppance.
And not really here, which is nice, honestly.
Yeah.
She gets shown the what for, I guess.
Yeah.
I like that this did start out as a normal field trip, but Miss Frizzle just didn't call
ahead.
Right.
Like they were just going to go to the planetarium.
They go to the planetarium.
It's closed.
And she's like, okay, well, I better just engage the thrusters.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's good right here.
On the way back as we were waiting at a red light, something amazing happened.
The bus started tilting back and we heard the roar of rockets.
Oh dear, said Miss Frizzle.
We seem to be blasting off.
So that's the thing is that Frizzle is not in control of it in the book, which I think
is very interesting.
I think she is.
No, I think she's just playing coyote.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, oops.
I hit the rockets.
Oops.
Oh no.
Stop.
Don't come back.
Don't tell the superintendent of the district.
Anyway.
The rest of the book, of course, is them just going through the planet and.
A tail light gets knocked out by an asteroid.
Yeah.
Miss Frizzle tries to fix the bus, but her tether to the bus gets severed by another asteroid.
This is just a plot from for all mankind.
Yeah.
Everything's just getting ridiculous.
And then one child has to die.
And that sets the tone for the rest of the season.
No, no, no.
No children die.
No children were harmed in the making of this book.
Not until the TV show.
That's right.
The bus autopilot just freaks out and takes off away from Miss Frizzle.
And so the dramatic.
I'm free.
The dramatic tension of the book is they need to try to figure out how to disengage the
autopilot so they can turn the bus around before it ends up in the outer reaches of
the galaxy.
Basically.
Right.
And that gives you the basic rundown.
Yeah.
We got the sun, Mercury, Venus, Earth.
Pluto.
RIP.
Which is a planet.
Yes.
Fuck you, Neil deGrasse Tyson.
And the thing I do remember so distinctly from these books is Arnold weighing 85 pounds.
Uh huh.
I don't know why I remembered that so distinctively.
Well, they do bring up that scale a lot.
Yeah.
Because they use that to show the relative gravitational forces of each planet.
So it shows how much he weighs on the moon.
It shows how much he weighs on Venus.
It shows how much he weighs on Jupiter.
He also has a, he also gets a fortune on the scale on each planet, which is really funny.
It's a fucking carnival.
Like that's, that is too old timey for any of us.
Oh, for sure.
You know, it's just like, why is he reading a note on the scale?
All right.
But it's fun.
Like all of these little bits and pieces, I think just add a sense of fun and whimsy to
it.
And the writing is really funny.
Yeah.
Uh, you know, this is something that Bruce Deegan talks a lot about with Joanna Cole's writing
just like she finds fun little things.
And when there were disagreements about like, could we make this funnier?
It would just go through the editor so that if there was a joke that maybe didn't quite
land, they could massage it and make it work.
So again, this is the book.
This is the way that the book flows.
You come away from it, better understanding what the planets are and they get back to Miss
the capsule in the asteroid belt.
They fly back and then nobody believes them when they tell their parents that they've
been in space.
They're all traumatized.
They're all like, it was so fucked.
They're like, I sing the ground when they land.
Our teacher almost died there.
She did a gravity up there for God's sake.
There's sort of like a moment where it's like a sinister presaging of what's to come
where they're all leaving class and she's putting on a new out.
Yes, that's all aquatic theme.
And this is something perhaps a turtle.
Oh, this is something I'm telling that to my students later.
Brian, this is something that recurs in all of the books where the dress that she's wearing
on the last page is what the next book is going to be.
Oh, funny.
So cool.
I love the call forwards are really, really lovely.
Also, we get to meet Janet's parents, which we don't get to meet in any of the adaptations.
No.
And they look exactly how you think they do.
It's just Millhouse's parents.
Yeah, it's the Monopoly guy.
And her dad is like one of those guys who sings opera at a chain restaurant.
We also we get this lovely thing after the story is concluded with an attention readers.
Oh, yeah, not attempt this trip on your own school bus.
And he's drawn Bruce Deegan has drawn the lizard who is sort of the lizard who is Miss
a business companion to be like glaring at you, daring you to try with this with your
school bus and fuck around and find out.
I love this drawing of this lizard.
And I do want to read these reasons, too, because it's kind of fun.
Number one reason to not attempt this trip on your own school bus is that attaching rockets
to your school bus will upset your teacher, the school principal and your parents.
It will not get you into orbit anyway.
An ordinary bus cannot travel in outer space and you cannot become astronauts without years
of training. Oh, number two is that landing on certain planets may be dangerous to your health.
Most I would argue.
And then number three is that space travel could make you miss dinner with your family
for the rest of your childhood.
Even if a school bus could go to outer space, it could never travel through the entire solar
system in one day.
It took years for the Voyager space probes to do that.
And then it says in all caps, on the other hand, if a red haired teacher in a funny dress
shows up at your school, start packing.
So that's that's the book, right?
Yeah, it's it's fun.
It's charming.
And it's not really a surprise that like when we talk about the animated series, this
is the first episode in the run because this has a very natural, I think, plot oriented
way to build something around.
Yeah, it's funny to start with like the outsider with like the interlope because they're not
they don't have to explain the concept.
These kids are in a school.
They have a magic school.
It's in the title.
It's right.
It's right there.
There's an octopus.
Seat belts everyone.
Please let this be a normal field trip with a friend.
Fuck you!
Yeah!
Yeah!
I'm a magic school bus.
I'm a magic school bus.
I'm a magic school bus.
I'm a magic school bus.
I'm a magic school bus.
I'm a magic school bus.
Such a fine thing to do.
I'm a magic school bus.
I'm a magic school bus.
I'm a magic school bus.
So stop your boys right to the sea.
Come on.
I'm a magic school bus.
I'm a magic school bus.
I'm a magic school bus.
How's your boys right to the sea?
Come on.
Come on.
Just to make your day complete.
You might get baked into the sky.
Just swingin' through the stars.
I'm a magic school bus.
Magic School Bus
Make a plain dungeon
On our Magic School Bus
Drop the river of lava
On the Magic School Bus
Such a fine thing to do
So drop your bones right to the sea
Come on in and don't be shy
Just to make your day complete
You might get baked into a pie
On the Magic School Bus
Step inside, it's a wild ride
Come on
Right on the Magic School Bus
Yeah they got
Buzz got you there
Buzz got you there Brian
They got Little Richard to sing
They sure did
What a time this was
Unbelievable
And it slaps so hard
You're grooving to it
It's like you know
You've got this on the one hand
And then you've got fucking Ziggy Marley
Doing the Arthur theme on the other side
It's a wonderful kind of day
Hold on
Pause
Yes
Hand up
Teacher
That was Ziggy Marley
Yes
Oh you didn't know that
Yes
That's crazy
I know
We can learn to work and play
And get along with each other Brian
Yeah
This is also composed by Peter Lurie
He did the theme song for Gola Gola Island
Oh yeah
Oh shit
Okay
Yeah
Remember that one
One thing that's cool about the Magic School Bus
And we're not going to talk about these episodes today
But it's just worth noting that they exist
There are episodes with phenomenal celebrity camos
Edward James Olmos
And Carol Channing
Yeah
And I mean
Fucking Tyne Daly shows up as Ralphie's mom
Oh hell yeah
Well but that's the thing right
It's I think it's a pretty easy ask to get a celebrity to do a kid show
Particularly if they have kids
Yeah
Especially if it's educational
Yeah
And it's public television
It's something that has a cause that they can believe in
Right
Yeah
It just
It looks good
It looks good
It makes you look good
It makes you feel good
It's like you're contributing something to society
Yeah I mean it's also you get to do some pretty wacky voices
Like you get to do something that's maybe outside your normal wheelhouse
And that's a fun
Yeah
Muscle to flex
I mean for fuck's sake
They got Ringo Starr to do Shining Time Station
And then when he left the show they got George Carlin
Yeah
And he did it for like two years
Yeah
And so this episode
The Magic School Bus Gets Lost in Space
Opens with all of the kids
Putting together a huge diorama of the solar system
Like it fills the classroom
And Arnold
Who again
He's kind of our nebbish
I don't know
Little wiener of a guy
Yeah
His cousin Janet
Has also come along to the class for the day
And immediately
She starts sort of top-dogging the whole class
It's going to be a model of the solar system
Neat, huh Janet?
Uh
I hate to tell you cousin Arnold
But when my class built one
The sun was so huge we had to hang it from the flagpole
And you had all nine planets
That's right Keisha
Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto
My class already studied the solar system
I bet you your class didn't learn about the aliens that live on the planets
For your information Ralphie
Earth is the only planet that can support life as far as we know
And how far do you know?
Got her
Got her
Really far
Cause I got straight A's on all my tests
And this proves it
She's such an asshole
She is
And what a great vocal performance
Because again in the book
We all try our best
To be nice to her
And it captures that perfectly
And they worried
Like they worried about being too mean in the books
Like that's one of the things that Joanna Cole talked about all the time
Which is like oh yeah I want to write jokes
It's so easy to write a joke where you're insulting someone
Right
That's why I insult both of you
I don't believe anything that I say ever
I just go for the easiest thing
I mean yeah insulting jokes are easier
It's harder to make something that's you know
That isn't punching down at children
And you're making something that's supposed to be educational for kindergarteners
Right
You don't want it to be full of insults
Cause they'll pick that shit up
That's right
You'll teach the kids to be just little terrors
And so it's very funny that the first episode
Is throwing in the Janet character
Who we are unapologetic about being kind of mean about
But on the other hand
Also a kind of kid though
Yeah
That's the thing
That's truthful
I kind of love it
I feel like I was very much Janet
At least at one point as a kid
Talking about your tall schools
And they're like
There are earthquakes down here
It's California
I would walk into my
I would walk into my first grade
And be like
I just won the imposter M&M contest
I know Aaron Sorkin
I didn't know
Not yet
Although I always kind of knew him
So there's a point
You'd need me on that wall
Yeah but I think that there's also a thing of like
These kids sound like really good kid actors
Yeah
Like um
And I think these were the same kids that voiced almost every kid
Yeah I mean
In like every show in the 90s
Yeah if you look at their pictures
If you look at their like pages on IMDB
When you look at the Magic School Bus
They all have pictures
As adults
Sure
Yeah
So many of these kids are still working
That's great
Still voice acting
Still some even doing live action stuff
Uh they actually switch out Arnold
After the first season
With Danny Tamburelli
Right
Of Grand Theft Auto fame
Oh that's right
And I say this as a fan of Danny Tamburelli
I do think the original voice actor
Just captures Arnold a little bit better
Sure
Shots fired in the direction of Wyckoff, New Jersey
We could probably hit it from the boat actually
To open a barrage
Yeah
The worst of all possible worlds is declared war
Yeah
New Jersey
I got some armaments from the Houthis
Oh no
When's the last time you checked the cannon AJ
Is it still firing as expected
Oh yeah no no
I patched some holes in the cannon
It was a little loose for a while
But I think it's cannon now
Well that's the problem
Is that like
Because you're catholic
Your canons are a little bit different
Yeah that's true
Yeah
I just have fewer books in them
No no no
I prefer the cannon of Dort
Folks
No no here's the thing
Here's the thing
I hate Iowa
I would never
I put every one of my saints in there
Uh huh
That's how I canonize them
By firing them in New Jersey
Yeah it's like how you could fill a blunderbuss
With just like pork fat and rock salt
And shoot that at people
You just do it with little tiny wooden statues
Get in there Xavier
Get in there
So now we have the basic stakes right
Yes
Janet she sucks ass
She's so fucking awful
We gotta ditch her in space
Pretty much
There's an episode where they learn about swamp ecology
And they're like learning about it
Because they desperately have to save the swamp
Because like a mall is gonna be built there
And Janet's like no fuck it
I'm gonna destroy your fucking diorama
That shows how important the swamp is
Because I want a mall
But here's the
She's such a dick
Okay but here's the thing about Janet
And here's the thing that I think keeps her from being just a totally hateable character
Yeah
You can tell from the way she establishes herself
That she is deeply deeply insecure
And so there is an extent to which you're like
Maybe
She can see past this insecurity
And become a better version of herself
Like you want her to become that better version of herself on some level
And so when we hear word about the possibility of a field trip
Well first of all
Please let it be a normal one
Please please for the love of God
For the love of God
For the love of God
Mantra
Maybe
That's amazing
That's nothing
Yes it is
Yes it is
Yes it is
Yes it is
That's a t-shirt
This week kids
We're going down to my
Down to the fucking catacombs
On Mardi Gras
Kids
I'm gonna show you all the Amontillado that I've collected over the years
Okay I did the voice
I did the voice
Are you happy?
Yes I am
I am happy
I'm very happy
American cheers
I'm just starring Grace and Frankie now
Miss Frizzle is going to take them on a field trip
This is the thing that she is known for
Is her wild and crazy field trips
Because again
The school bus is magic
It's right in the title
Right
Right right right
And she can utilize that magic
Because she is a warlock
But as in the book
She's a female warlock
Yes
If only there were a word for that
But as in the book
Miss Frizzle just decides to go to the planetarium for some reason
But wouldn't you know it
It's closed
Shucks
And this causes Janet
To just fully like let off a bunch of steam about Miss Frizzle
And how much she thinks Miss Frizzle sucks compared to her teacher
Yes
And this finally is the point that Arnold cannot take Janet's bullshit anymore
Some field trip Arnold
You know what
My teacher was called ahead
Because my teacher plans ahead
My teacher never makes mistakes
She has a point
My teacher is a zillion times better than Miss Frizzle
Nobody is better than Miss Frizzle
Oh yeah
Prove it
Stop the bus
Ow
They do go marching don't they folks
Yes Arnold
Isn't there you know
Someplace else you could take us
You mean another planetarium
Well sort of but bigger
Bigger?
You know the big one
Oh Arnold
Why didn't I think of that?
T minus five and counting
Four
Three
Two
One
Blast off
What's happening?
A field trip
Now they're all in astronaut outfits
They're strapped in
The magic school bus is changed into a rocket ship
And it is very funny to cut from them all just sitting in a bus
To fully suit it up
Yes
And Janet's like
Oh god
Oh no
What?
Why?
And they're like
Oh yeah it's a Tuesday for us
We're gonna have a great time
Also the bus is not just magic
It is alive and it has feelings
It's a corporeal being
Which is really quite horrifying
In another episode
Where Janet kills it
That's right
By de-cycling the whole bus
That's right
Jesus
That episode by the way
To the point of guest actors
Has Dolly Parton
Hell yeah dude
Including one where she sings an original song
About Christmas
Oh that doesn't surprise
She writes a song every day
That's the holiday special
That's right
She's like written a song every day of her life
Since she was like 20 years old
You know we fly around the sun
We get close
We land briefly on Mercury
Where there's very little gravity
Yep
And we get also here
Janet's entire character motivation
Because we heard her say
Like I need proof right
And the proof must come
In the form of tangible objects
Mostly rocks
Yes
You see Janet is obsessed with status
And she has hate in her heart
Again she's deeply insecure
And she realizes that
Her school really isn't all that good
She was just telling the kids that
And now she's found herself
In a superior situation
To her normal education
Right
And so she thinks
Well I need to do something
When I get back to that school
So that I'm finally not bullshitting
Right
For once in my life
Right
And so she's making Arnold
Whole meteors for her
From every single planet
Yeah
Yeah
Pound after pound
Of solid fucking rock
Yeah
And all of them mostly indistinguishable
From each other
Yes
Which I think is very funny
It's a good fit
Yeah
And the bus obviously
As more and more of these things
Get loaded onto it
Like just the more unhappy
Yeah
It begins panting
Yeah
Because the bus has the little
Like chevron advertisement
Headlight eyes
Right
And they just get droopy
And it's
And it's fender is a mouth
Yeah
It's not like the car's cars
No
Because that's an abomination
We need our cars to look like
They're kind of like
Wallace and Gromit characters
Have you seen somebody
That did the drawing
Of the inside of the car's
Like digestive system
In like the Pixar's cars
Oh god
I don't want to see that
It's a nightmare to behold
But anyway
They land on Venus
And oh it's about
The same size as Earth
But it has some weird clouds
Yeah
And I think we have a clip for that
Yeah
I pulled this one
Because this is just
Lily Tomlin's performance
As Miss Frizzle
This is just a perfect encapsulation
Of what she is doing
And why she is so fucking good
Yeah
Check out those weird clouds
Oh good
A little rain will cool the place down
Except that's not rainwater
In those clouds Wanda
It's sulfuric acid
Sulfuric acid?
Mmhmm
It's a deadly poison
Oh we're perfectly safe
As long as we keep our spacesuits on
It's always
Even before it gets to the end
Where the end just kind of
Unravels the whole thing
Yeah
They're always like
It's not real
Don't worry about it
We're doing cartoon peril
We're just having fun here
And it's just to teach you
That like yeah
No life can be sustained
On the planet Venus
Right
Because of the acids
I think the point
That she's sort of
Got it all under control
Is really important
Because that means
That if they were to
Lose contact with Miss Frizzle
That could be a very scary situation
Yeah
Oh
Like if she were lost in space
They would be in danger
Danger Will Robinson
It could happen
And indeed
That's
That's it
That's exactly what happens
Fuck
Fuck
The kids make it
To the asteroid belt
A similar situation
From the book
Yeah
Where like
An asteroid collides
With the bus
Miss Frizzle gets out
To fix it
One big difference here though
Is that Janet
Is the one
Yes
Who causes Miss Frizzle
To get lost in space
She sucks shit
Shit
The show is sensitive
Toward children
In the way that fear
Works for a kid
And so very quickly
Miss Frizzle pages back in
Is like
Oh kids
I can't wait to see you out here
You're just going to have
To come find me
Yeah
And she keeps talking to them
On the radio
Because she's still in control
Yes
And the kids are still secure
So long as they can go find her
The problem is that
Janet is fucking nuts
She wants to
She wants to harvest
All of the riches
That space has to offer
And it's gone past rocks
Including cloud
She's gotten into
The absolutely bizarre notion
That she can just sample
A little bit of
The red storm on Jupiter
Yeah like
I pulled the clip
It's just a little one
But I like this
I've got some of that red spot
It does feel like
Sort of
The goal of an 80s villain
Is to steal a storm
It's very Carmen Sandiego
Isn't it
Yeah
You're right
That is exactly
It's Carmen fucking
San Diego
It is a
I will steal the entire pyramids
And put it in my pocket
Right
Like Edwin Drood
Woo
For our fans of the famous
Unfinished Charles Dickens novel
Where he says he will
Pave Egypt using the stones
From the pyramids
That is Plorn Dickens'
Favorite of his father's works
Yes
I think
Because he didn't finish it
And they hated each other
His name is Plorn?
Yes
So all of Charles Dickens'
Named his son Plorn
Yes
You can't name your kid Plorn
So I can
And I will
And I have
So all of Charles Dickens' sons
Had nicknames
Yes
It was not his real name
No his real name was Edward
And he was
Charles Dickens' least favorite son
He ended up being I think
A member of Australian Parliament
Oh
For a time
Something like that
Yeah
Yeah that sounds right
But he was a huge
So he would call him Plorn
He named him Plorn
And there's now
Plorn is short for something
Much longer
It's like a big nonsense phrase
But he was in the Australian Parliament
Yeah he moved there
So he was a bit of a star
A bit of a Plorn star if you will
Well that's the thing
Is that now there is a movie coming out
Plorn lament
Starring Oscar Isaacs as Jesus Christ
Yes
You mean Oscar Isaac?
Thank you
Sorry
It's Oscar Isaac
Wait is he Jesus or is he Dickens?
He's playing Jesus
It's Oscar Isaac as Jesus
This movie should not exist
Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ?
There is a movie coming out about Jesus Christ
With Oscar Isaac as Jesus
Playing Jesus
But the framing device of this story
Is that Charles Dickens
Is telling the story of Jesus Christ
Is he telling it to Plorn?
He's not telling it to Plorn
What is it?
It's the other one
Who are these children coming down?
Because that's the thing
It could have been the world's first Plorno
Oh
Plornography
Plornographer
That really
That really
That's going to create
The next generation's
Ted Blundy
Oh god
Born on the Monday
So Miss Frizzle
Is getting the kids
To complete their trip
Through the solar system
Yes
She's like taunting them
Saying come find me
I left you all the clues
You want to play a little game
And they fly past
All the gas giants
Let's play a game
And eventually
They do
Find Miss Frizzle
On Pluto
Yeah
She's there
Great
Awesome
On that planet
It's so funny too
Because this episode
Airs at the time
Where Pluto
Is closer to the sun
Than Neptune
And they have to
Say that
They do
They say it after
And we'll get to that section
Because I have
Many thoughts
About that section
But yeah
They find Miss Frizzle
On Pluto
If you play the game
She is not on Pluto
Or at least she wasn't for me
Is it randomized
I actually couldn't figure that out
Yeah yeah
She can
There's
And we'll talk about that
In a bit
Yeah yeah yeah
But she is on Pluto
In the TV show
And
Doesn't look anything like Pluto
Because of course
We didn't get a photograph
Of a good photograph
Of Pluto
Until very recently
That's true
That's right
In like the last 10 years
Yeah well hard on it
That's fun
Yeah
They can't make it back to Earth
With all of the rocks
No the bus is over in Comber
There's too much shit in it
It's not a magic truck
Yeah
That's right
That's so fucking true
You know what Brian
That is the truest thing
You've ever said
I'm not wrong
It is not a magic truck
Anyone
Who went into this episode
Being like
I wonder what kind of magic vehicle
It is
Is it a truck
Just got their asses
Hand it to them
Get their asses dude
Yeah fuck them up Brian
Get Dunk Dunk bitch
Here's the thing though
Yeah
Janet is refusing
To leave
Without her proof
Because she's so insecure
She needs to
Top dog her students
Back at her old
She loves David Auburn
And she has hate in her heart
That's right
Yeah
But Arnold
Isn't gonna leave without Janet
This brings us to a standoff
Janet
You want proof
I'll give you proof
Here's proof
Of what'll happen to you
If you stay here
With your stuff
I don't know
Stop
He takes his helmet
And turns into Mr. Freeze
He kills himself
He has a block of ice
Shut his glasses
And of course
This resolves itself immediately
They fly back
This is deranged
This is more like
What are you doing?
But this is
Certainly for me
But you remember it
Of course you remember it
Oh yeah
It's so funny
It is
It is very funny
But also I would imagine
Deeply traumatizing
For anybody who
I don't think so
I don't
I remember it
And I think it's twisted
As a 33 year old man
As a 7 year old
It's like
Yeah that's what would happen
Yeah
It's crazy
You turned into ice man
Yeah
It was
But here's what I do remember
Actually
As a young evangelical
Christian child
The whole idea of proof
For me
Was tied into this idea
Of like you need to have
Faith in God
Yeah
Without needing proof
And so for me
Lean not on your own
Understanding
Exactly
Janet was actually
Sort of an analog
To you know
Being a bit of a
Doubting Thomas
Right
Yeah
You are still speaking
With your mind
You genius
I like that you turned
Into Zizek there
For a second
Yeah
Kenneth Mars
As Zizek
For me
I was deep enough
In the shit
That like
It didn't need to be
A Christian show
For me to take
A Christian lesson
Away from it
No I was deep enough
In the shit
That I was like
Well this episode's
Not quite lining up
With my creationist
Philosophy
Oh well well well
That is
It is very interesting
And we haven't talked
About this yet Josh
But how did this show
Sort of align itself
With your Christianity
At the time
Because you know
I don't know
Actually to the
The extent to which
You believed
Necessarily
Any creationism
Stuff but like
Was this
Was there any
Sort of barrier
To you like
Enjoying the show
Because of your
Christianity
At the time
Okay great
No
And you know
Actually I don't even
Think the magic school bus
Gets into too many
Of the dicey territories
They might mention
Like the ages of rocks
Or something
Yeah
Any dinosaur stuff
Maybe
Oh yeah there is
Dinosaur stuff
And actually the last book
Which was published in 2020
Was about human evolution
Yeah
Oh shit
But yeah that's pretty
Late in the game
Yeah
The only time
That you're going to
Have a religious
Objection to a
Scientific principle
Is if that shit
Gets jackhammered
Into your brain
By really fucking
Ignorant people
Sure
And thankfully
That was not
My experience
Of childhood
For the most part
Do you have any
Ray comfort videos
No god no
Or Ken Ham videos
No
Cause I
Did
No and it's one
Of those things
Where it's like
There's nothing
Weird or controversial
About the idea
That this is
The galaxy
Space is real
Yeah that space is real
In that these planets
Weren't created
4000 years ago
And like you know
It's just
Yeah
Sometimes I forget
That you were born
After Galileo
Yeah
True
But we get back
To the classroom
And it turns out
That Arnold's not dead
Even though that would
Have been the
Ballsiest end of a pilot
I would have ever seen
In an animation
No no
It's just Janet
From here on out
Yeah
I mean
Would have been cool
I don't agree
I disagree
Don't like her
I think she's bad
She's shit
But the episode ends
With you know
Arnold's just
Blowing his nose
All's well
Oh wait
It's not over
What?
What?
What?
What?
I remember this
So viscerally
Is this a magic school bus?
Is this a magic school bus?
Magic school bus?
There are people
All over the world
Is this a magic school bus?
I want a magic school bus
I want the magic school bus
What are they saying
At the end there?
I've never been able to tell
It sounds like
I want the magic school bus
It's like
I'm calling the magic school bus
Let me go back
I want the magic school bus
I'm on the magic school bus
We all want the magic school bus
Climb on the magic school bus
Maybe they're saying climb on
But that doesn't make sense
Because they're trying
To call in and complain
We're calling the magic school bus
That's what I thought
Yeah
No
You know
I always had trouble
Understanding all the words
In the theme song too
You know
You just kind of get used
To this shit as a kid
Yeah
Yeah
So kids call in
This isn't real
The kids are fully animated
You can't do that live
It's a terrible strain
On the animator's wrist
Slow down
The producer here
Of the show
Is portrayed by
Malcolm Jamal Warner
Of Cosby Show fame
I assumed that he was
An actual producer
On the show
Yeah they don't think he is
No he's not a producer
They just hired him up
It was Malcolm Jamal Warner
I think he was just working
On a lot of public TV
At the show
Well actually
He might have had his sitcom
At this time
I think this is
This proves what a sicko
I am
But yes
This is my favorite part
Of the show
Really
For every single episode
The one where the kids
Would call in
And just talk about
Things that were wrong
Because
And I think this speaks
To your experiences
With Odyssey
Josh
Specifically
When I'm around the kids
I didn't really engage
With it as a kid
But when it was
The adults hanging out
Doing adult things
I was like
This is my jam
Well in Malcolm Jamal Warner
It's not always him
And we'll talk about that later
Like it's not always
Malcolm Jamal Warner
It's like another
Couple of actors
Who portray other producers
Of the show
But whenever it's him
He's always doing
Like grunt work
Yeah
It feels very true
To the experience
Of making public television
He's like fixing
A break room sink
Or whatever
When he's getting a call
On the court list
I think this writing
Is coming from a very
Real lived place
Of personal experience
And he's getting like
They're always getting
Increasingly frustrated
By the kids
Who are all raising
Very salient points
They're like
You forgot about the anus
And it's like
Okay yes
The anus is there
But we can't show that
On TV
On daytime TV
And I'm like
That's so cool
I love seeing how
The sausage gets made
And it's funny
That it's just an adaptation
Of what's actually
At the end of the book
Yes
Because the book
Will have the little
Like oh you can't
Go to the moon
Your teacher would
Get mad at you
That's right
You can't put rockets
On your school bus
And some of them
Even have like
True or false
Question format
On the end
Where it's like
This is a book
That's teaching about science
So now we have to
Wrap it up and say
Even the artistic gimmick
That we did
Is fake
And here's why
But this comes back
To the thing that
Bruce Deegan was talking
About in that interview
Where he was saying
You know
You need to have
That absolute clarity
Yeah
About what is
In the sort of
In-universe reality
Versus the wider reality
What's been simplified
For the sake of
You know
Efficiency or whatever
And what is
Fundamental true facts
Because otherwise
It becomes fuzzy
Yeah
And what I think
Is so brilliant about this
Is that it leaves you
In a place
Where there's really
No fuzziness left
Yeah
And it's also
I mean
What I really love
About it
Is that
It's explaining
Sort of the choices
They made along the way
But also
Sort of reinforcing
That you need
Both the science
And the art
Yes
To make the thing
That's right
And that both are
Equally as important
It's important
To get your facts right
A hundred percent
But also
If there's a moment
For a fun digression
You should take it
Yes
There is a part
Where it's like
Well we just fudged it
I wrote that down
And underlined it
Like nine times
Because yeah
It's fun also
To see that adults
Can be silly
Yeah
Right
It taught you
That like
These things
That you are able
To do
This sense of play
That you have
As a kid
Doesn't necessarily
Have to go away
If you pursue
Scientific art
Yeah
You know
It's just
You can
You can cultivate it
You can maintain it
And you can grow it
Into something
That will eventually
Make it so
You are talking to kids
You are
An animated version of you
Is talking to kids
While eating lo mein
And answering questions
Yeah
You know
The last piece then
That I just wanted
To briefly talk about
With regard to the solar system
And the magic school bus
Is the game
The magic school bus
Explores the solar system
Published by Microsoft
In 1994
And developed by
Magic Pen Entertainment
Which is a company
That I have no fucking idea
Like genuinely
Like Brian
I think you found
The former creative director
On LinkedIn
But like
I have no idea
What this company was
I found the hidden credits
In the game
Okay
And so I was able to
Like look up
The design lead
And it's someone
Who actually
Has been making
Educational software
His whole life
Since then
Not games
But like
Sure
Could be
Have some game stuff
Integrated
But it's like
Software for schools
And for the purposes
Of educating children
So every one of these
Magic school bus games
Have mini games
Inside of them
Yeah
And for this first one
They decided
Let's make it a platformer
Let's like make it
More along the lines
Of like Super Mario
So they outsourced
The mini games
Over to
Lobotomy software
In Redmond
Washington
Oh
Yeah
So only for this game
Not for the later ones
Okay
Lobotomy was a
Studio that made
The game Power Slave
Which was not a very popular game
I only know
I only know Power Slave
Because of
Watching a guy
Speedrun it once
And it was like
Yeah I'm speedrunning
This game no one's heard of
Huh
So
They made Power Slave
It was a
It was a first person game
Then they were bought
By Crave
In like 2000
And if you look up
Lobotomy software online
You won't see any mention
Of this Magic school bus game
Oh interesting
You'll see the mention
Of Power Slave
And Quake or whatever
But you won't
You won't see this
Contract work that they did
I mean
To be perfectly honest
If I had developed this
I would not
Yeah no
And playing it on
DOS box
Is a little sluggish
Like I know
When we played
The one game
On your
On actual
Power PC
Yeah
Like it was a lot
More responsive
Than when we played
On DOS box
On a modern Mac
Yeah
But like
Yeah there are
These platforming
Sections for
Every planet
That were just awful
Yeah so basically
So I didn't bother
The core gameplay loop
Here just to describe this
At the beginning
Of the game
You board the bus
Just like in the
Other versions
Of this story
The big difference
Though
Is that rather than
Miss Frizzle
Just like getting
Abandoned in the
Asteroid belt
The moment that you
Leave Earth's orbit
The bus gets hit
By some sort of
Space detritus
And then a bunch
Of coins fly out
Of the bus
Yeah
Yes
Those are
The hedgehog
Situation
Yeah
Those are
Those are
Frizz
Frizz coins
Yes
Which we will
Collect throughout
The game
Her abandoned
Cryptocurrency
When she was
Going to start
A micro nation
And it's strange
And it's strange
Because the coins
Also it seems to
Be implied that
The coins are
Like also
Containing portions
Of Miss Frizzle
Herself
Yeah her essence
Yes
Because when you're
Back on the bus
After the coins
Have flown away
She's not on the
Bus anymore
But you are able
To collect the coins
And put them into
A special slot
Inside the bus
Which then she
Gives you clues
As to where she is
And I will say
That as somebody
Who did not have
Super Mario Bros
Growing up
Who had none of
Those games
The platforming
In this game
Was like
Fucking cocaine
For me
Like I'm just like
This is the best
It will ever get
I am having
The time of my life
Yes
Playing these levels
And playing them now
I'm like oh
These are garbage
It's horrendous
These are hot
Fucking garbage
If you've ever played
The find the coin
Mini games
In Donkey Kong country
Yes
That's what this is
Yes
But you can fall
Through like platforms
Yeah
And for whatever reason
They did put in
The extra work
To do variable gravity
So each planet
You have like
A slightly different jump
Also the music goes hard
Uh Brian is currently
Grimacing
That's a little loud
I lost my opportunity
To this music
Is that right?
It was on my iPod
For 20 years
This is the music
From Venus
That's the whole song
Yeah
So every planet
They kind of just gave up
Every planet has like
A little doodad
That you can interact with
Yeah
And then it has
A platforming level
And then there's also
Just stuff that you can
Click around
All these
That's the constant
For any kind of
Educational game
In the 90s
There's always just a room
Where you can click around
And see things make noise
Yeah I think we'll talk
About that a lot more
With the second game
Where there is just
Much more
That's the whole thing
Exciting things to click on
But yeah
I mean that's basically
The game
You can end it pretty early
If you just
Like happen to land
On the planet
That frizzles on
In that run
And you push the button
And she's there
And then the game
Just brings you back to earth
And you're able to go out
And explore your leisure
You know
It's fine
It's fine
I don't know if I'd agree
That it's a good game
I do think that it starts
To lose some of the basic
Informational aspect
I agree
But it might be good
At reinforcing
Well because the
Educational piece of it
Is just that
As you were saying Brian
On every planet
You can like click on
A little piece of paper
And then it's like
A report
Or like a little
And it's not even
On the planet
It's like in the classroom
It's weird
It should make you explore
Them in order
Or something
Like just teach
Like okay
This is each one
From the sun
Here's the name
You know
This one's made out of rock
This one's made out of gas
This one's got the rings
Whatever
But you know
It's an early stab
At attempting to
Adapt something
Into an edutainment title
Which I think
Is kind of interesting
And in the second half
We're going to see
A title that took
I think a much bigger swing
Yes
So stay tuned for that
Hello adult listeners
Of the worst of all
Possible worlds
My name is
Arnold Matthew Pearlstein
I am eight years old
I go to
Walkerville Elementary
And I am president
Of the
Leave the log
As it is club
A club where we all
Sit around a log
And leave
It
Alone
Listeners
Do you hate excitement?
Does the thought
Of being swallowed by
Or swallowing
Your classmates
Make you quake
In your velcro shoes?
Do you like
Your school days
Unburdened
By the concept
Of magic?
Then you might need
A normal
Field trip
A normal field trip
Is the perfect way
To keep your students
From having
Complete nervous breakdowns
Every time
They hear the sound
Of a bus
Honking
Its
Horn
Field trips
Like
Going to the aquarium
Instead of
Turning the bus
Into a submarine
And almost being
Crushed to death
By an octopus
Or going to the museum
Of natural history
Instead of traveling
Back to the mesozoic era
And accidentally
Running over a raptor
Which means that
Birds
No longer exist
Or
Going to the zoo
Instead of visiting
The ice caps
And watching
Polar bears
Drown
And then
Trying to save
The polar bears
By getting them
Onto the bus
With you
But
Then
When you eventually
Get one of them
Onto
The bus
It eats your cousin
Janet
In front of you
And now
When you go to sleep
You just hear her
Screaming
At my school
The polar bears
Don't eat
Anybody
So now you don't
Really sleep anymore
You know
Normal
Field trips
Ah
I scrimped
And saved my allowance
For three months
To be able to
Afford an ad spot
On this podcast
So that someone
Anyone
Would finally
Listen to me
And stop the frizz
From taking us
On these frankly
Very dangerous
Field trips
And don't get me wrong
I love Miss Frizzle
When she saw
I hadn't been sleeping
Because of
You know
Watching my cousin
Be eaten by a polar bear
In front of me
She said she had
A super special
Field trip planned
Just for me
I looked at her dress
To try to guess
What it might be
But it was just
Covered in eyes
And grass
And a highway
Overpass
But then she turned
To the room
And said
Class
Today we're going
To see Janet
My classmates cheered
But she's
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
And before I knew
It
We were on the
Bus
Which had sprouted
Mighty wings
From its side
And taken off
Into the sky
And going faster
And faster
As the planets
Turned to streaks
Of color
Outside the windows
And I watched
Ralphie age
Hundreds of years
Beside me
And then
Loop back around
To being a baby
again as the air itself bent and cracked, the frizz gleefully shouting, do you know the fastest
way to get to heaven, children? Practice, practice, practice. And just when I thought I was gonna hurl,
the bus had stopped. Ms. Frizzle opened the door and said, we're here, children,
and did a flip off the bus, Liz in tow. We chased after her and jumped out onto a grassy field next
to a giant highway that looped and curved like a four-leaf clover. The air smelled like gasoline
and wet pavement and olive juice. As I made my way to the front of the school bus, trying to get a
sense of where we were, that's when I noticed the bus's eyes. They were fixated on the center of the
clover leaf, and for the first time in all our adventures together, I saw fear in them. I followed
its gaze until I saw it sitting atop the overpass, an enormous bus covered in eyes, pulsating,
writhing, a figure I instantly recognized as God. Its horn honks were long and loud and sounded like
human screams. I jumped as I felt a hand touch my shoulder. There's nothing to be afraid of,
Arnold, said the frizz. We all end up in the bus eventually. That's just the way the world works.
In fact, I think I spy somebody who wants to say hi. And my eyes followed her finger until I saw my
cousin Janet banging against the glass, mouthing something I couldn't hear, but somehow understood.
I want to go home. Please. Please let me go home. And I wondered how long it would be before I was on
the other side of the glass, pounding my fists, tears running down my face, begging someone, anyone,
to let me go home too. I knew I should have stayed home that day. So take your students on a field trip
that they will one day hopefully forget. A normal field trip with the frizz Yahweh.
So we talked about the magic school bus and space. Sort of like I said, there are really two
er narratives here when it comes to the magic school bus that everybody remembers. And the other one,
of course, is when they just go into somebody's body. Yeah, here we are. We're here with Josh and
the frizzle with a thousand faces. You see, it's all, it's all one narrative. And Miss frizzle,
you see, she's teaching these children about, about science. See, the thing about frizzle is that she
teaches children about the scientific world. You're not crying enough. You need to be crying more.
I'm building to it. I didn't realize that the critics could address me in the middle of the performance.
Yeah, we've done it before. We've done it before. We're, you're, you're, you're a rude mechanical to us.
You will perform for our fancy and we will heckle you. The science, it is order in the universe.
But magic is of course the chaos. And she straddles that line. And that is where we find joy.
Real tears are brewing, folks. Real tears are brewing. And there are people that want to deny
this reality. That's true. About chaos and order. They want to keep you from entering a child's
colon. The, uh, the, the, the frizzle, the frizzle of chaos. Maybe it is, it is remarkable how
your Peterson is the perfect midpoint of Miss Piggy and Kermit. I think Jordan Peterson is the,
the, the, the perfect midpoint of Miss Piggy and Kermit.
Can you give me Jordan Peterson going hi-yah?
Hi-yah!
Pure joy. You know what else is pure joy?
The Magic School Bus Inside the Human Body, published by Scholastic in 1989.
Yeah, baby.
This is the book that was actually published, uh, before the Magic School Bus, uh, explores the
solar system.
Um, yeah.
These are the first-
Or lost in the solar system, rather.
These are the first two episodes of the series, but of course they weren't the first book.
The first book was the water treatment one.
That's right. Um, but we're talking about this one because again, how memorable it is.
And once again, just want to dive right into this book, much in the same way that the Magic
School Bus dives into Arnold.
Dive right into buses. We are getting on a bus.
Those are the lyrics.
Dive right into this bus-y?
Maybe?
I don't know.
You see-
I'm gonna bake you into a pie.
Whenever the left wants to enter a colon, they only want to go backwards because that
is the chaos that they understand of the world.
Just such a light touch.
With none of the temperance of order.
Such a light touch.
Hold on. Let me take a bottle full of pills.
Mmm, tasty, tasty pills.
The Magic School Bus Inside the Human Body begins with the kids sitting in class once
again with Ms. Frizzle. And I'll just read, it all began when Ms. Frizzle showed our class
a film strip about the human body. We knew trouble was about to start because we knew Ms.
Frizzle was the strangest teacher in the school.
This is also one of the first times you see Frizzle be like incredibly passive aggressive
because she addresses Arnold directly and says, we're going to learn about ourselves.
This should interest you, Arnold. You selfish little shit.
Yeah, they're watching a film strip called Your Wonderful Body.
Yeah.
And the kid whose name is actually, I think, not Carlos in the book.
It's like John.
It's John.
Yeah, it's John.
He's making a little bird with his hands as a shadow.
And oh, these kids, they're so silly.
Okay. And basically, the Frizz announces that they are going to be going on a class trip to the
Science Museum. Once again, faking them out a little bit. We were going to see an exhibit
about how our bodies get energy from the food we eat.
Oh, the trip started out like any other trip. We rode to the museum in the old school bus.
Along the way, we stopped at a park for lunch.
Now, when it was time to go, everyone got back on the bus.
Everyone but Arnold.
He was still at the picnic table, daydreaming and eating a bag of cheesy wheezies.
You know, I was just reading a story about Carlsbad Caverns in New Mexico.
Yeah.
Okay.
And a place that they call the Big Room, which is a...
It's a big room.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And someone dropped their bag of Cheetos.
Okay.
Which is the name brand version of Cheesy Wheezy.
Right.
Yes.
And they created their own ecosystem inside the cave and fucked up everything.
There was mold everywhere.
But either way, the very non-conscientious Arnold, the kind of person who would drop his bag of Cheetos in the big room.
Yeah.
They also talk about how much human waste they have to clean up in the cave to maintain the ecosystem.
And I'm like, are people pissing and shitting on the walkway of the cave?
Or I imagine off the side of the walkway.
I've been there.
Yeah.
Where would they do it?
There's a light?
You'd be surprised the places people can poop.
I...
Arnold.
Arnold is eating these Cheesy Wheezies.
Yeah.
And the Frizz gets all the kids back on the bus, but does not tell Arnold to get back on.
She says, hurry up, Arnold.
That's true.
She does.
Hurry up, Arnold, called Miss Frizzle.
She reached for the ignition key, but instead she pushed a strange little button nearby.
Well, she gave him a chance.
True.
Right?
She gave him a chance to run.
He just wasn't fast enough.
Legally, it's all very sound.
That's right.
Yeah.
At once, we started shrinking and spinning through the air.
From inside, we couldn't see what was happening.
All we knew was that we landed suddenly.
Yeah.
It's like if a bus is really small, it's yellow.
It's kind of like the same color as a Cheesy Wheezy.
Oh.
And if you're not watching what you're doing when you eat it, you might just eat a bus.
Oh, no.
And wouldn't you know it?
His teeth just shattering his mouth.
Arnold swallows the bus, right?
Oh, my God.
And then.
He's not chewing these Cheetos.
No, no, no.
He's just.
It's Homer eating the peppers for the contest.
And then we were going down a dark tunnel.
We had no idea where we were.
But as usual, Miss Frizzle knew.
She said.
She always knows.
We were inside a human body going down the esophagus, the tube that leads from the throat
to the stomach.
Like most of us were too upset about leaving Arnold behind to pay much attention.
I would like to imagine that at least one kid was like, wait, where are we?
No.
Well, we've got.
Yeah.
Two speech bubbles are three of them are.
Where's Arnold?
He got left.
That's what happens when you eat junk food.
Yeah.
You space out, man.
And then another kid says, I thought we were going to the museum.
And the frizz says, there's been a slight change of plans.
We're being digested instead.
We are.
I would call the police.
Hmm.
Well, you can't call the police if you're inside of a kid's stomach.
Well, that's I as a parent of a child.
Oh, sure.
Yeah.
That's what I'm obviously implying from the beginning here.
Oh, I thought maybe the kid would call.
No.
I having heard about this.
Sure.
Would contact the authority.
We are now.
I would see her carted off to jail.
We are now passing into the stomach, said Miss Frizzle.
It wasn't exactly quiet in there.
The walls of the stomach moved in and out, churning and mashing the food into a thick liquid.
The bus was turning around and round and digestive juice splashed the windows.
Now we knew how it felt to be a hamburger.
And then you see the magic school bus in the actual stomach acid looking at you saying,
please kill me.
It's like, please let me out at the viewer.
Yeah.
And this is sort of doubled down on the TV show, too.
But like the stomach acid is like actively hurting the bus.
Yeah.
It's like actively disintegrating the magic school bus.
I'm pretty sure from either this book or the TV show, like this is how I learned what
the esophagus was.
Oh, OK.
Sure.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Like I think this was this did hit young enough that it's like this is probably where I first
learned these facts about what the different parts of the digestive system were, what their
names were.
And I definitely remember this image of the child with all of his bowels straightened out
and how he is as tall as a as a house.
Yeah.
I remember that, too.
That's that's John, who is not Carlos.
Yes.
Yes.
He grows up to be a psychiatrist.
One might say a long psychiatrist.
Very long, John.
That's a good point.
Long psychiatrist.
The longest psychiatrist.
He skittles around the roof.
This is a callback to something that I don't remember.
Oh, it's the Alan Wake episode.
It's the remember the long psychiatrist.
No, honestly, it's starting to sound like a Walt Whitman verse.
Like when I remember the learned astronomer, it's like when I remember the long psychiatrist.
I remember my days trekking through the woods in the dark.
And it's worth noting, too, you know, again, just like with the space book, there are little
reports and illustrations that are off to the sides here, such as that very long John.
Yeah.
Yes.
The totally incorrect map of the tongue that we always tell children is real.
Yeah.
Right.
It's like bitter at the back of the mouth.
I could always tell.
I could always tell as a child I can taste salt anywhere on my tongue.
It's not just in this little patch over here.
Right.
You're old Brian running out of the playground.
I can taste salt anywhere I can.
Damn well, please.
There's Wanda over here who's hanging upside down on like a jungle gym or something.
And she's pointing to something that lets us know that even if you're upside down, the
muscles are still going to be able to push the food down into your stomach.
Another graphic I remember to this day from having read in that book.
Yeah.
I mean, I wouldn't recommend eating upside down, but, you know, you know, are you are you
speaking from experience?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did you read this book and you're like, I'm going out to those fucking monkey bars?
Well, I remember figuring this shit out.
I remember as a kid, like, you know, the whole thing about getting rid of your hiccups by
drinking water upside down, and so we would hang upside down from the monkey bars and
then you would, you know, just feed water.
Well, then you got water up your nose.
Yeah.
That was that was that's just a prank that adults teach children.
Just to own them.
How about this kid?
Just because see all the teachers in the window, like, draw a blinds drawn, just like giggling.
Yeah.
Here's the thing about what hiccups are.
Right.
A hiccup is a muscle spasm.
Right.
Yeah.
You have them in all of your muscles.
Right.
Like it'll happen.
You get a little flutter in your bicep.
You know, it's the same thing.
It's just that it's a muscle that regulates your breathing.
Right.
Right.
And so it causes weird things to happen.
So how do you address a muscle spasm or a muscle flutter or twitch?
We have to relax the muscle.
You have to relax the muscle.
There aren't a lot of great options when the muscle is just inside your abdomen.
But usually the deep breath thing is what works.
If you try to regulate your breathing, take a very, very deep breath.
Hold it for a couple seconds.
Let it out.
Do it again.
The same way that you would stretch a muscle out as best as you can to try and get rid of
a spasm.
Sure.
Everything else is just people fucking with you.
Yeah.
Have you ever considered just jump scaring your friends?
Yes.
Well, all of these things that you mentioned, Brian, stretching out your muscles, breathing,
things like that.
These are all things that the bus and the kids experience inside of Arnold.
Yeah.
How about that?
Hey, something that I just wanted to point up is that this is this is a pretty dense book.
Yeah.
It talks about a number of different bodily systems and the way that they work together.
You know, the bus gets eventually into Arnold's small intestine and then it passes through
the villi into the bloodstream.
And then the kids basically travel around Arnold's body through the bloodstream, including into
his lungs, up to his brain, down to his leg muscles, over to his nasal cavity.
And eventually they get sneezed out at the end of the book.
They want to they want to work around the problem of having to be shitted out.
Right.
Which everyone has to deal with, whether they're making the TV show or the software or whatever.
Yeah.
And so the the path that they choose for the book is they follow nutrition itself.
So like the bus is a nutrient.
It gets absorbed by the villi in the small intestine into the bloodstream.
And then, yeah, they go to the heart, the lungs, everything.
And I think structurally that kind of hurts the book.
I would agree.
The narrative is not as easy to track as is the case in solar system.
Yeah.
You're just you're just visiting the different places as they go along.
I mean, the all like the actual like thing that moves forward is that Arnold in the B story
is having a panic attack.
Right.
Because he thought he thinks he's been left behind.
And then he starts hallucinating that a bird is talking to him because the bird is talking
to him.
I don't think that's a hallucination because like the first time the bird talks is not
even to him.
It's like reacting.
It's like, poor kid.
OK.
Yeah.
So that is a real cardinal that just happens to be able to speak.
Yes.
Yeah.
But it does give good advice for dealing with a panic attack.
That's true.
Take a deep breath.
You'll be OK.
Like it's really giving some good advice here.
He advises Arnold to use his hanky when he needs to sneeze.
And then and then when Arnold thinks which way back to school, the cardinal just says,
use your brain.
Yeah.
He's a very wise cardinal.
And that's why he's not just a priest.
I remembered this illustration here of them sliding down the Arnold's leg muscle, I guess.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's kind of a weird, weird sensory response I have to that one.
But they're sliding.
Yeah.
And here's why I remember it.
OK, folks, I used to when I was a kid and I've mentioned this on the show before, I think
when I would go to bed at night, I would pray to have dreams where I was on the magic
school bus.
I just really felt a strong connection to this world.
And I was so excited by the idea of being able to do these things.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I developed a bond also to these characters.
And the idea of being able to explore things in this way was just like, man, I wish I could
do it.
And one time I had a dream where I was, in fact, sliding down the muscle with the kids.
Did you also have a problem differentiating reality and fantasy when you were a kid?
I had a huge, huge problem with that.
So I would I would have that makes sense because of the Catholicism.
Yes.
What?
OK.
No, but like I would have dreams like that, too, and then actually think that I did it.
So it is nice to know that you woke up and like that was just a dream, but it was the
greatest dream I've ever had because I was on the magic school bus.
Yeah.
And so I just hoped for that desperately.
And so every night, dear God, you know, whatever the things were in the last thing before
I said, amen was and please help me have dreams of the magic school bus in Jesus name.
Amen.
It's it's a magic school bus, which is just so interesting because I mean, this was the
era of like the occult being like bad.
Right.
Like this was a big magic in that way.
It's just like magic in the sense that it's fun and it can do fun stuff.
Right.
Right.
This was not at the point where it reached its peak.
That was Harry Potter.
Right.
Sure.
Harry Potter used the term witchcraft.
Yeah.
I see.
That was all that mattered.
Yeah.
I see.
By just using there, there were and I'm sure there were probably some people you knew
growing up who were California Protestants who did not watch Disney movies.
My sister certainly went to college with a few of those.
Oh, hell yeah.
Hell yeah, dude.
But like the general idea of just like magic, not a big.
Yeah, no.
Not a not a huge deal.
Because like when you when they're specifically name dropping witchcraft, that's where things
get dicey.
Magic can also be magic in the sense of like going to a magic show.
Right.
Like that's very different.
Right.
Illusions.
Yes.
Within the world.
When Miss Frizzle pushes the button to make the bus do something, it's really more
of like it's implied, I think, more science fiction.
It is.
It's more like this is really advanced technology.
Well, it feels like the TARDIS.
Right.
To a certain extent.
And like it feels like sort of baby's first Doctor Who, which is interesting, too, because
you know, there's some Doctor Who stuff where like the TARDIS becomes a person in one episode
and then is able to like have an adventure with the doctor or whatever.
And I think it's very interesting that they always choose to keep the bus like not a speaking
character.
This is not a Benny the Cab situation.
Right.
No, no.
It is like the bus is like cracking wise flying in through space.
It is just it is a silent observer of the horrors of the inside of the human body.
It is entirely subject to the will of the people around it.
And of course, by Miss Frizzle.
Of the Frizz.
Yeah.
Who must be a god to the bus.
Well, so let's let's talk now about how this gets adapted into the TV show.
Right.
Yeah.
Because we've got the episode The Magic School Bus for Lunch.
And this one kicks off with Arnold chewing gum.
I guess he's trying to like break a school record.
This is a recurring bit, by the way.
Arnold is going to be trying to break school records in various things, which I guess are
kept in scrupulous detail.
A lot of the framing is just like, whatever.
I guess it's fine.
You know, they're just trying to find something that gets you to the story.
Right.
It's just it's just like something to add some character.
It's sort of a mnemonic.
It's like it's something.
Actually, to like have Arnold do while they're all like on the bus and on the field trip
in a way that's not talking to an aggressive cardinal the whole time.
Yeah.
Well, and it's like it's just so odd.
It's just like they have a school record.
I love it.
The school is so well funded that not only do they have magic vehicles or one magic vehicle,
they also have prizes that they give out to anyone who breaks the record.
That's right.
There's a point where it turns out all it turns out.
Arnold is a fucking pervert for olives.
He has a child who loves just he loves chowing down on all.
And there's there is a record for that.
We'll get there in a bit.
Yeah.
But like he has a fantasy about eating all the olives and then he finds out that the
record is too big.
And it's like, what child did this?
What child ate 900 olives?
There is a school record for length of time chewing gum.
Yeah.
Arnold's going for the record because if he wins, the prize is two tickets to something
called Action Mountain.
Don't go there, buddy.
And Wanda, his classmate, wants to go there to experience this water slide, I guess.
He's winning the tickets for her.
Right.
He is not going to go, but she's not chewing the gum.
Right.
And then she fucks it up.
This is very complicated.
He puts him on the back and he swallows the gum and then she gets super mad at him.
How could you?
Wanda, I.
We were going to Ride Action Mountain together.
You didn't do it on purpose, did you?
No, no.
It was an accident.
Really.
I'm sorry, Wanda.
You hit me.
I told you breaking records made me nervous.
I told you I've never won anything in my life.
Never say never, Arnold.
I told you you should have picked someone else.
Poor fucking kid.
Jesus Christ.
Chris Frizzle's like, what's going on?
It's fine.
It's fine.
It'll be fine.
We haven't talked about this yet, but the classroom has a bone man who has a wonderful
top hat and bow tie and some glasses.
And shape?
Yes.
That's called a skeleton.
Yeah, a boneman.
Josh Boneman.
Yes.
A boneman.
B-O-E-N-M-A-N.
But he does not have a name.
Like Earl Bowen, yeah.
He doesn't have a name, which I think is interesting.
Most skeletons don't.
Yeah, no.
But it's a shame.
I think there's an opportunity to give the boneman a name.
He's a nice little guy.
The skeleton?
Yeah, the little boneman.
He's real fun.
He's not little.
He is pretty big.
He's like a six foot tall boneman.
He's a regular size.
He's a chonky boneman.
He's a chonky boneman.
He's the size of an average human skeleton.
Average human boneman.
The bone mother.
The bone mother.
So Miss Frizzle realizes that there's an opportunity here.
And it's clear that she's already working on something mentally in her own twisted imagination.
Her beautiful dark twisted fantasy.
She tells Arnold that she needs a volunteer to stay behind.
And so she leaves him in the charge of Liz, the school lizard, and immediately gets into the bus and targets Arnold with a bullseye.
You can't really get around the horror of the main conceit of this, which is we are going to go inside of this boy.
Right.
Why do they need to sneak in?
You know.
Why can't they have informed consent?
Yeah.
They can have forms.
That's what I mean.
His parents could fill out a form.
That's right.
It's just like you get to stay behind from this whole thing.
But also you are going to be our action park.
Right.
And the sort of big thematic lines that we carry through this episode are on the one hand, Wanda wants to have a big adventure.
Right.
She's so excited about the idea of going to action park.
Action mountain.
And dying.
Going to New Jersey.
And Arnold, he is suffering from real self-esteem.
He wants to have his sort of worth validated externally.
You know.
Right.
He really feels like people don't believe in him.
And now he's lost Wanda's trust and he's hoping to get it back.
Miss Frizzle is quite cavalier about the whole situation.
It's just like, yep, we're inside.
It's great.
The kids.
The kids are unclear.
Just as in the book, they're unclear about where they are.
Yeah.
The bus heads down the esophagus.
You know, it pops into Arnold's stomach.
The bus puts up a sail with Arnold's face on it.
I love this.
Oh, I love this so much.
You need to do that.
It plays anchors away.
It plays anchors away.
I mean, here's the thing.
There's no wind in there.
Because here's what I'm going to say.
If this wasn't premeditated, when did she have time to make that sail?
That's a great question.
She didn't know she was going into Arnold like weeks in advance.
I do like the idea that the bus is magically transforming every three or four seconds.
But the sail had to be handmade.
It was handmade.
It was frizzing the Boneman.
Yeah.
Just sewing away at that thing.
That's right.
I think you're right, AJ.
Yeah.
In the same way that in the book, it's kind of like showing you these side by sides.
The TV episode cuts back and forth.
So the bus is getting now broken down by Arnold's stomach acid.
Yes.
And this is also illustrated by sort of an aside.
In much the same way as the books have these little reports about like, here's what's going on.
Yeah.
We get this little bit, which is animated on a lined paper visual.
Right.
Where Dorothy Ann is expressing the way that this works using a factory analogy.
Here at United Digestion, we believe in breaking things down.
We start with the raw material of the food, put it in the mouth, and use the finest teeth
in the world to tear, grind, and crush it into pieces small enough to swallow.
Then the food gets pushed down the esophagus line into stomach central, where we add acids
and other chemicals to break the food down and dissolve it into a liquid.
And that's only half of what we do here at United Digestion.
So I think that this episode actually works better as a teaching tool than the one where
they're in space and they're just kind of flying past the planets and listing space facts.
It's, you know, this is giving us a clear visual because that's the thing you can't see is
that there's illustrations that are showing an assembly line, basically.
And it's showing that in much the same way that an assembly line produces a product,
the stomach is breaking down materials for the purpose of being sent to the rest of the
body.
Well, what's wrong with the planets, if you're trying to teach on the same level as you're
doing with digestion, is that they're not related to each other.
Right.
They just happen to be in the same general area.
Yeah.
Right.
So each one has its own.
So you can use, you know, gravitation.
You can teach about gravity by, you know, okay, this one's smaller.
This one's bigger.
You can jump higher on this one.
But with digestion, one thing leads to the next thing.
It's causing effect.
It leads to the next thing.
And so it's, you can learn all these processes and everything.
And so, yeah, like, like focusing on a system and just working your way through the system
turns out to be the better choice, which is also what we see with what this episode does
when it adapts the book, because it doesn't just sort of run to the rest of your body.
This is just the digestive system.
This is just the digestive organs.
And this is all about that clarity thing, right?
Yeah.
It was just like keeping it simple for the kids to follow.
Does the magic school bus feel pain?
Yes.
Yeah.
It does.
Yes.
It suffers.
Yeah.
Horrifying.
There are multiple examples of this throughout the animated series.
It never feels pleasure.
Wow.
Just pain.
Pain.
Yeah.
So Arnold then attempts to, because he's not going to make it for the olives, right?
He's not going to pull it off.
He's not going to beat that record.
No, he's a quitter.
He can at least try to break the school record for pens stuffed into a pocket protector, which
that fails, unfortunately.
Children in the 90s certainly know what a pocket protector is.
Come on, man.
I mean, I sure did.
It was used in every cartoon.
Yeah, right.
But his pocket protector explodes?
Yeah, I don't know, man.
Too many pens?
Yes.
We do enter Arnold's-
It's so full!
Yeah, thank you, AJ.
We do enter Arnold's small intestine, though, and the kids swim around in pursuit of that
wad of gum that he swallowed.
For some reason, they really want to get to that gum.
Yeah.
It's to have a thing to return to, I suppose.
Remember we were talking about gum?
Now we're focusing in on it.
It's the MacGuffin, right?
And you can't digest it.
And so Arnold then attempts to break the school napping record, but his stomach keeps waking
him up because he hasn't been eating enough.
He just ate a whole bus of kids.
The kids get ejected from the small intestine into the large intestine.
Uh-oh.
So they're just surrounded now by Arnold's shit.
They wade through his liquid shit.
It is awful.
I mean, honestly, it depicts it pretty well.
Yeah, I think so.
It's not gross.
It doesn't make shitty sounds.
It just shows stuff desiccating inside of the colon.
And they say it smells bad briefly.
Right.
And then, you know.
Yeah.
Carlos says, more like smell world.
Got him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's a weak offering there, Carlos.
Do better.
Ralphie briefly imagines all of his friends having all the water sucked out of them.
Which, let's watch out for fucking Ralphie.
Right.
The book avoided this.
It avoided the colon.
Right.
And so here it's like, well, this is what it does.
This is why what, you know, because children shit.
Yeah.
They should probably know about it.
Yeah.
Like, this is why this doesn't look like food when it comes to the hangout.
No, and I think it does a good job.
Yeah.
Like, you come away with an understanding, and it's just gross enough that as a kid, you
can be like, oh, poop.
But like, it's not being gratuitous about it.
No.
If all the kids die inside of Arnold.
Yes.
Would he be charged with manslaughter?
No.
No.
Why?
Because he ate them.
If anything, Miss Frizzle.
Why would they even know the kids were dead?
Right.
Well, they just wouldn't come back.
Well, right.
So how would they know?
So how would Arnold ever be implicated in that?
Well, he was the one who survived.
Yeah, but he didn't know that he ate them.
I think maybe if he were.
If you're in a plane crash.
To pass the bus, perhaps.
Hold on.
Yeah.
When he passed the bus.
If you're in a plane crash.
Yeah.
Okay.
You're the lone survivor.
Yeah.
You're in a hatchet.
Brian's winter situation.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Was that the sequel to Hatchet?
Yes.
Brian's winter?
Okay.
Horrible books.
I hate them all.
Gary Paulson had sound off in the comments.
We love Hatchet.
Don't sound off.
I do not like these books.
I do not like this genre.
Anyway, go on about the plane crash, please.
Yeah.
Did I say plane crash?
Plane crash.
Say whatever you want, baby.
Aw.
Aw.
Jeez.
Okay.
Say whatever you want, Boneman.
So you have survived a plane crash.
You're in the Andes right now.
Who's Andy?
Come on.
Don't worry about it.
You're in the Rockies right now.
Who's Rocky?
You're in the Poconos.
Okay.
Pocon who?
Shut up.
Fuck off.
You're in the Poconos.
Yes.
You've survived a plane crash.
There were 57 people on board.
Yeah.
Souls.
57.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
None of them are alive.
Yeah.
You are alive.
The 58th.
Yes.
You get rescued.
Yeah.
From the Poconos.
Yeah.
By a bunch of jug hooting, moonshine, swillin.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sure.
Stock car racing pecker woods.
Yeah.
Right.
They're running that hooch to New York City to get served in the speakeasy.
Sure.
Sure.
They just come across you.
Yeah.
Sure.
Sure.
Sure.
Okay.
Then you're like, oh yeah, bring me over to the whatever.
The FAA.
Mm-hmm.
We're in a universe where prohibition and the FAA exist together.
Sure.
Yeah.
Huh?
You go to the FAA, you're like, I was in a plane crash.
And they're like, cool, you're under arrest now because you're the only one alive.
Yeah.
Does that make, does this tortured analogy make sense?
Well, I actually, I did have a question if I could.
Yes.
These, these, these hillbillies that you speak of.
Were they driving magic school trucks?
No.
I said stock cars.
I did say that.
Were they magic stock cars?
Nope.
Oh, okay.
I would have said that.
Okay.
Well, that wouldn't make any sense.
It wouldn't.
No, no one's ever made a magic stock car.
Yeah, no, exactly.
The whole premise of your analogy is completely thrown out the window.
No.
No, that's magic, Brian.
Because you're still the sole, if we, if we remember what I was trying to get at five
hours ago.
I actually don't.
I really don't.
You are the sole survivor of a tragedy.
Okay, yeah.
Right?
If a tornado wipes through this building, Josh and I croak and you don't.
Do you think the police are going to be like, well, obviously he killed them?
Yes.
What?
With a tornado?
Yeah.
Come on.
I've seen twisters.
Okay.
AJ, the kids would be missing presumed dead.
Right.
Yes.
Along with Miss Frizzle.
That's right.
Who would be the primary suspect.
That's right.
Because the kids were known to exit the school and then they disappeared forever.
And Arnold would be the last witness.
Yes.
To this.
But he's also like six.
Right.
Six years old and 85 pounds.
According to canon.
According to canon.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Which we just loaded Arnold into the cannon and then we launched him and we figured out
his weight.
That's right.
And he survived that too and was still not branded a murderer because surviving something
doesn't necessarily mean that's going to happen to you.
I don't know.
He did land in a car in New Jersey.
What if you are the projectile?
Yeah.
What if you are?
Yeah.
What if you yourself are the bullet?
We need to talk about Kevin's situation where Arnold killed John C. Riley with a bow and
arrow and then brought it to school and left no bodies behind because it's a magic bow
and arrow.
Well, okay.
Magic does exist.
What I'm saying is.
What are you saying?
The bus with all the children would go into the sewage.
He would shit them out on the toilet.
And he would never be a suspect.
And he would never.
He would never know.
The police would never know.
That's right.
No one would ever know.
Unless he were to pick it out of the toilet and there'd be little skeletons.
Just be so many grieving parents with no closure.
This is serious.
I'm surprised you would be joking about this, AJ.
This is like what happened to Uter.
This isn't funny.
Do you think this is funny?
Do you think dead children are funny?
I think when they're ingested by their friend.
Unbelievable.
Well, look.
Wanda is hanging out in Arnold's large intestine.
Yes.
And everything I did was completely unproductive.
And I'm so sorry.
No, it's good.
It's staying.
It's staying.
But I am apologizing.
Never apologize.
Never surrender.
Yeah.
So in this large intestine.
In this large intestine.
Yep.
Well, remember that Wanda wants to go on the ultimate thrill ride.
And she finds it.
Sure does.
And that thrill ride is bungee jumping off of a thing of gum into Arnold's colon.
Wanda!
Don't!
Wanda!
Yeah!
Gotcha!
And they grab her.
All right, Carlos.
You saved her.
You saved me?
I was having a blast!
Arnold's digestive system is the wildest, scariest scream your lungs all right in the world!
And it's not over yet.
Oh, God.
Jesus Christ!
You see, the children are given choice.
Yes.
You exit the digestive system.
In whichever direction you want.
Yeah, yeah.
If you want to go out as doo-doo-ass, you can.
You know?
Or they can turn back and go the way they came.
And that's what they choose to do, right?
They go back into the stomach.
Which could render Arnold toxic.
If they're coming in with all of his, like, microflora still on their bus.
Actually, a really good point.
Into the stomach.
We could put that boy in shock.
Septic shock?
Yeah.
That's not good.
No.
That show did not run very long.
But then when they reworked it as static shock, it was a lot more successful.
I preferred sequel Septic shock 2, which is a great immersive sim.
Much like Thief or Thief 2.
No.
Much like Thief or Thief Pooh.
Let's fucking go, dude.
Pooh's corner.
Thief 1 and Thief 1.
Did you go Thief 1 or did you go Thief 2?
Wanda gets an idea, right?
Because they got to figure out.
Yes, Brian?
Peef.
I didn't say it.
You didn't have to call on me.
No, no, no, no, no.
You were raising your hand.
I thought that was funny.
Like you were literally raising your hand, but you were raising it with your eyes.
You just stepped to the mic.
You raised your head.
Like just waiting to make a sound.
Oh.
Wow.
You paid money for this episode.
Yeah, you sure did.
Wanda gets an idea.
Her idea is to use a microphone to call out to Arnold from inside his stomach and pretend
to be his conscience.
Why not?
Now there's a nice bottle of seltzer in Wanda's lunch bag.
That's what you really want.
So you're going to get him to burp.
Uh.
Yeah.
Okay.
I guess.
Hey.
How come it's okay to drink Wanda's seltzer, but it's not okay to eat Ralphie's Mallow Blaster?
Because Wanda's a far kinder and more generous human being than Ralphie when it comes to sharing
you.
Then how come when she has a Mallow Blaster, she hogs it all to herself?
I have conscience, all right?
Just do what I say and drink the seltzer now.
So Arnold drinks the seltzer.
Yeah.
They don't induce reverse peristalsis.
That's it.
You know, they get burped up.
Wanda presents Arnold with a prize for best field trip because in her words, he gave her
the ride of her dreams.
The best field trip is a guy.
So that's the episode of the show.
We get a different producer.
I didn't remember that there were multiple producers.
Yeah.
I love this.
This one's a lady.
I love this so much.
We're like in the headquarters, but it also looks like the writer's room.
There's a bunch of like Chinese food everywhere.
Ladies can be producers too.
It turns out.
This is Susan Blue, who is again, not a producer, but she has been a voice director on a number
of projects.
And I wonder if maybe she was involved in this show in some other aspect besides just being
a voice actor.
She's worked a ton.
Susan Blue's everywhere.
In the first one, it turns out that the pedant is an alien because aliens are real in their
pedants.
And in this one, it's just some kid.
Yeah.
Aside from the alien one, it's always kids who are like calling and they're like, we know better.
They're just, that's a very nineties thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We know better than having kids correct the adults.
Yeah.
What's so good is that the kids actually aren't correcting the adults.
Not really.
Yeah.
Like they're just adults writing the corrections in themselves.
Yeah.
And then the kids are ultimately portrayed as being pretty fucking annoying, which I think
is funny.
They do actually say anus.
So finally, we should talk about the PC game adaptation.
Oh Jesus.
Which is the one that we played on stream.
We must talk about it at least a little bit.
This is the magic school bus explores the human body published by Microsoft in 1995.
We played the Mac port, which is actually released about a year after the original PC version.
Yes.
It has better graphics.
It has more music.
Yeah.
It's more optimized than the PC version.
Yeah.
And it's quite the game.
Yeah.
It's the first game.
Whenever there was like an FMV sequence starting up, it was in a little tiny window.
Now it fills up the whole screen.
Yeah.
You have a sprite based version of the theme song and of the whole theme song sequence.
You have Ralphie on his Game Boy and Arnold wanting to stay home today and all that business.
So much thought went into this game.
Yeah.
Sure did.
And every one of those thoughts was a nightmare.
Yeah.
They weren't great thoughts.
They decided very early that every single thing in this game was going to be clickable.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Everything.
Everything.
And I think it's clearer in this one than in this base one what things you can click on.
Yes.
Because sometimes the backgrounds look non-interactive when they were interactive.
Right.
Here it's like if there's something that's kind of like watercolor looking, that's not going
to do anything.
Right.
Right.
But everything else, everything else.
I mean like there's a fish in a bowl.
You can click on the fish.
It'll fall out of the bowl.
You can drag the fish over to a little volcano on the table that will go off.
But if you drag the fish in, it'll spit the fish back into the bowl.
But if you leave the fish flopping around for a while, for a long time, minutes, it will
start coughing and then you will hear tap start playing and the fish will die.
And you can pick up the fish and drop it and it'll make a little tiny flop.
Oh no.
Like Peter Griffin with that dead frog.
Yeah.
And then you'll take if you take the fish and then put it in the volcano, then the volcano
will cook the fish and spit it out onto a plate.
Amazing.
It's a goldfish.
Don't eat it.
This, by the way, I should say is before you get to the actual core game.
Yes.
Like there is this.
The classroom.
There is a setup where it's just like with the magic school bus in the solar system.
You start out in the classroom where you can look at stuff.
But whereas in solar system, there were just like posters of the planets on the wall that
you could click on to learn more about the planets.
Everything in the classroom is an interactive object.
And this starts with some of the same elements.
It got cubbies.
You got the reading corner, but the cubbies open up and there's dancing.
Well, the cubbies open up in the first one too.
Like little instruments pop out and they pop back in.
That's right.
So like here you can click on all the pillows in the reading corner and they move around.
They don't do anything.
It's like literally everything is pretty much clickable in this first space.
Right.
And it's like, again, we talk about that goldfish sequence.
That is so many different ways that you can handle the goldfish alone.
That's the most complex interaction of anything, I think.
Is this an immersive sim?
No.
Because everything else just sort of acts on its own.
No, absolutely.
Yeah.
And this is obviously the style at the time.
This is a CRPG.
Okay.
I see.
Okay.
Yeah.
And it is also in many ways a humongous entertainment game, despite not being made by
humongous entertainment.
Absolutely.
Right.
This is your fatty bear.
This is your Freddy Fish.
This is your putt-putts.
Yeah.
Everything's just got a little joke attached to it.
But it's not necessary.
If you didn't click on it, you didn't lose anything.
But when we did this on stream, we spent like a half hour in that classroom just clicking
around.
And we didn't click on everything.
We didn't click on much stuff.
And we did not click on everything.
No.
And, you know, I feel like it's one of those things that you, it's a game you want to replay
over and over and over again when you're a kid.
Yeah, I sure do.
Well, when you're a kid, right, in the 90s, and there isn't a lot of like software for you
to like choose from.
For a lot of kids playing this, this would be the first game they've ever played.
Yeah.
You know, this is what, 93, 94?
95, this version.
So a lot of kids still may not have a computer at home.
I don't think we had a computer yet.
This is a game that required a CD-ROM drive, which at the time was not the most common
thing.
I think Myst was maybe the same year, maybe a year earlier.
And Myst was the game that sold a lot of people on the necessity of getting a CD-ROM drive.
Right.
But at this point, it was still not uncommon for games to come on floppy disks.
Yeah.
And then when Riven came out, they're like, oh shit, we got to get that CD-ROM.
There's five of them.
But again, this is like you're on the computer in your classroom.
And then here's a bunch of stuff that you can click on.
And they're like, cool, this is what a computer, it's more like it teaches you that a computer
has these interactive elements than anything else.
Right.
No, just a cool thing to like exchange on the playground too.
It's like I clicked on the skeleton.
You're like, you could click on the fucking skeleton, dude.
What's a skeleton?
Sorry, Boneman.
Thanks.
But the real game starts when you click on the little bus that is over on the right side
of the classroom.
Yes.
You're presented with the opportunity to configure a pervert.
This is the guy who will be driving the bus around, I guess.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's not Miss Frizzle.
She's sitting in the front seat of the bus, like the front passenger seat.
Much like the way a normal teacher would, right?
On a normal field trip.
Miss Frizzle's not a normal teacher.
Can this be a normal field trip?
No way!
Miss Frizzle drives the fucking bus!
Yes, you make your own driver's license and it makes a bunch of horrible, strange sounds
for every option that you make.
Fizz.
Splack.
Oh.
Yeah, it's...
There we go.
There we go.
Then you get into Arnold's mouth and it sounds like this.
Uh-oh.
I feel like I'm about to watch a panel on Ted Bundy.
This is what all of the music sounds like.
This is roughly the vibe.
And...
The mouth.
There's also...
It's very Tron.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, a little.
And there's also an imposter frizz that you just heard that is not Lily Tomlin.
Not Lily fucking Tomlin.
Not a goddamn way.
But a lot of the kids are the same.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, they...
For whatever reason, Ralphie does not speak in this game.
I guess they couldn't close the guy who played Ralphie to reprise his role.
It is a nightmare hellscape.
No matter what orifice you're in.
Yeah, they got way more into 3D renders.
Mm-hmm.
They got a 3D render guy.
Yeah.
And he made all of these things.
And it has that feeling of, like, baby's first PowerPoint where you put a bunch of animations
on the object and you have to keep clicking through each one.
Yeah.
It's like everything moves.
Everything has a whole fucking thing attached to it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And there's stuff that floats around every hole that you're in.
Uh-huh.
And you click on that and it makes a noise.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
What kind of noise?
Various noises.
Yeah?
Like...
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah?
If you click on a deoxygenated blood cell.
Uh-huh.
That's the sound those make.
Oh, yeah?
What is it?
Can you give me that sound again?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Got it.
Okay.
When you're in the stomach, you encounter several undigested pieces of food.
Yeah.
One of them, of course, being the aforementioned chocolate bar.
Yep.
Chocolate bar.
There it is, folks.
That's...
That's...
We've been waiting the whole time to play that beautiful clip.
Just roll one more time, Brian.
Chocolate bar.
I just...
That had to be the goofy one.
Chocolate bar.
That had to be the goofy one.
Goofy take.
They just ran through it.
Stop it.
This is the experience of playing the game.
Chocolate bar.
Chocolate bar.
Oh, no.
Oh, I hate it.
The mouth.
Imagine that forever.
Forever.
It's not even a joke.
No, no, no.
That's all it is.
And there's also a couple of minigames sprinkled here or there that are impossible unless they're
not impossible.
And there are informational elements, but they're kind of in the corner somewhere.
Yeah, there's like a little thing you can click on that sort of like shows you an illustration
of what happens in that part of the body.
But it's not even entirely clear what you're supposed to do in most cases.
Chocolate bar.
You're supposed to click on chocolate bar.
Like, you're just supposed to steer the bus and then move to the next part of the body.
And maybe maybe it kind of can help reinforce the relation of each organ to the other.
I don't think it does.
No.
And so the TV show did something really smart.
Right.
That book went through the body and then into the bloodstream, the heart, the brain.
Right.
The TV show split the systems up into multiple episodes.
You have an immune system episode, a digestive system episode and an oxygen and blood episode.
Right.
And here we go back to the book and it's like, OK, here's what the kidneys are up to.
Here's the brain.
The nervous system is just sort of your hub to get to any other part of the body.
Yeah.
Let's check out the liver for a while.
Let's go to the brain.
It's a it's it's very unfocused.
Yeah.
And each organ has like you can click on on Ralphie's Game Boy.
Right.
And Ralphie's Game Boy will have a different game based on the organ that you're in.
But half of them are just a puzzle.
The same puzzle.
And the other half are unplayable.
Chocolate smart.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We played the pipe dream one.
Yeah.
That moves the exit around.
But you can't control the timings of anything.
So you're just like fucked.
Right.
I think that was for the large intestine, maybe.
And then we also played the game for the I want to say it was the kidneys.
Was that the pinball?
The pinball machine game.
I don't fucking remember.
Anyway, the pinball was the heart because it's the chambers of what it was.
It was showing the way.
It was supposed to show the way that blood cells get oxygenated on their way in.
And then, you know, get sent back out with oxygen in them.
The problem was the game didn't fucking work.
Yeah.
Like you couldn't actually really hit the ball in most cases.
Skill issue.
Not a skill issue.
I made.
I did.
I high scored yesterday.
1,750 points.
Did you really?
Yes, I did.
Oh my God.
And you know how I did?
Yeah.
By just clicking over and over and over again without any regards to the strategy.
Hey Brian, did you win anything for getting that for those points?
Did you perhaps get some sort of sweet treat?
I did.
In fact, I got a chocolate s'more.
Great.
Thank you.
For those who don't know, that was actually the scrub daddy's original job.
He was a voice actor for educational software.
This is him.
Chocolate s'more.
It was a shame.
It was a shame that Josh shot him so many times.
I had to.
It had to be done.
Yeah, it was not a shame.
We just actually, what blisters don't know is we actually just keep their corpses in here.
We got scrub daddy over there, but we also got the alien guy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just everyone that Josh has ever shot, we just keep him to a corner.
Glorp something?
I don't know.
We could ask him.
Glorp shit, oh.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey.
Oh no, he's still dead.
He's still dead.
He's incredibly dead.
He's in hell.
You know what might revive him?
Chocolate s'more.
I hope this is as funny to you as it is to us listeners.
This blew my mind.
Go watch.
We have the VOD of the stream.
Yeah, yeah.
It's up on Twitch.
Go watch the VOD of the stream.
We'll probably put it up on YouTube.
Yeah.
Just for the fuck.
Because here's the other thing.
The element that we have not talked about yet is that half of this game is what we have
just described.
And the actual heart of the game to me is when it becomes a Dali painting because you can
use a magic eye button.
Right.
Where you can like see what's actually going on inside Arnold.
And it turns out that Arnold is like a nexus of hell itself.
Yeah.
And he contains multitudes of tentacle monsters.
Himself.
Himself.
Several times.
He is inside of himself.
Twice.
Twice over.
But you only see him from like the waist down.
Like you only see his legs, which is very disconcerting.
His brain has a conscience in it.
It's just a devil on one hemisphere and an angel on the other.
But the devil is definitely winning.
Okay.
Yeah.
It is stabbing that angel with the pitchfork and the angel is cowering in fear.
Well, that's why the Ted Bundy music plays when you go in his mouth.
It's warning you about the future of Arnold.
What we are saying right now makes no sense and I don't give a shit.
Like I don't know how else to explain it.
It's so bizarre.
You have a tool.
Whenever you do an EVA in any organ of the body, extravehicular activity.
Thank you.
Oh, I thought you were talking about Eva from Even Allian.
I was not.
I was talking about extravehicular activity.
Get in the bus, Shinji.
When you're doing an EVA.
Get in the bus, Shinji.
No, because that's the thing is you're going outside of the bus.
Get out of the bus, Shinji.
And you're like in the stomach or whatever.
You get like a box in the corner.
And if you open the box, it'll give you a flashlight.
Right.
Yeah.
And if you click on the flashlight, you can move your mouse around and it illuminates.
It doesn't change anything.
It just makes a spot brighter.
Yeah.
You know what game really could have used that?
What?
Thief or Thief 2?
I'm sorry.
Peef.
Peef.
Peef and Peef Poo.
Peef and Peef Poo.
And then there's like another tool.
But you have to cycle through each tool.
You have to open the toolbox and close it each time.
Unbelievable.
And then you get the magic lens.
Yes.
And the magic lens just shows you a small square of something fucking incomprehensible.
Yeah.
There are homes inside of the villi in your intestines.
Yeah.
It kind of looks, honestly, what it feels like to play is that you are staring into the eyes
of a great one from like Bloodborne or like a Lovecraftian beast that you are not supposed
to comprehend.
But the thing is, you know, this is for me personally, very ineffective as a piece of edutainment.
No, this doesn't teach fucking anything.
But as a work, I can say it is unlike anything I have ever experienced.
That is that as an artistic work.
Like it is truly nightmarish.
It's what happens when you have a team that just gets too many tools.
Yeah.
And they're like, let's just fuck around with all of them.
And think about it too, right?
Like they had to make a number of these games over the course of, I think it was what, four
or five games over the course of two years or something, maybe even less.
You lose your mind at a certain point.
This is a team of what appear to be, based on the research that I've done, people who are
all at their first job.
Like, yeah, no.
Well, you're going to have some fun with it too.
And it's very clear that like the stuff they put into the background for the magic
eye stuff was there for fun.
It was stuff that they thought would be funny or just strange or whatever.
Yeah.
But everything is just supposed to like, it all makes noise.
Everything makes a fart sound from the very beginning of the game.
There's stuff that makes farty, shitty sounds.
It's just like there to be like a little delighting tool for you to delight yourself.
And the weird thing is like, we kind of did delight in it.
So I guess at the end of the day, they accomplished their objective.
At the end, at the end of that game.
If you exit, it'll show you every place that you've been.
Right.
Be like, ah, go to those other places.
Liz tells you this because Liz talks for some reason.
Right.
And she sounds like Amy Sedaris.
And if you have, if you've completed Arnold, a little bit of text appears that says, well,
congratulations.
You made it all the way through Arnold.
And we have made it all the way through this episode.
Hey!
We've talked about this media.
And I guess there's just one big thing that I wanted to ask you guys as our closing bit
here.
Right.
Ooh.
So.
Thank you.
Different forms of media work in different ways.
And we've talked about a lot of that today.
So adaptations basically need to make changes to the source material in order for it to
work.
Yeah.
In order for it to suit that media.
So.
Did the TV show do this effectively?
Did the games?
Fucking 100%.
There are so many like basic concepts that I can say for certain I learned from the Magic
School Bus TV show.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Stuff that they didn't have time to cover in the books.
Uh-huh.
I learned what molecules are.
Yeah.
Right.
I learned about wavelengths of light.
Yeah.
They ran long enough they had to get into rather complex scenarios.
I learned about value of swamp.
These are 25 minute episodes.
Right.
Yeah.
These are not 22 minutes with commercials.
And they're totally comprehensible to very very small children at introducing more than
just basic concepts.
Yeah.
I think the miracle of the show is that it moves as quickly as it does and it doesn't
feel like it's sure to watch despite being edutainment.
Yeah.
I cannot tell you how much edutainment you feel every single minute of.
Like I don't think Bill Nye did as good of a job teaching scientific concepts as this
show did.
But he's the science guy.
This does such, this does the perfect job of showing A to B to C to D to E to F.
Like here are these things, here's how they're connected, and here's the causality between
these two things.
I do think, Brian, though, that you didn't hear the second half of my question.
Yes.
Do the games do this effectively?
No.
No.
Not as much.
No.
It's a delighting machine.
It's really, I, again, the space one might be good for reinforcing some things.
The body one just doesn't have a lot of good connective tissue in it.
It just doesn't.
It just doesn't feel like you're getting the mouth to esophagus, to stomach, to intestine,
to bloodstream.
Even though there are FMV animations that show the bus going around.
There's a map that you can find, but the map is like one of 50 weird little gadgets.
And it's like right next to the button that will just show you Arnold walking around, and
you can click the sit button.
Also, if anyone out there knows what to do with that keyhole for the one, let us know.
Let us know.
It's so...
It hopious.
It haunts me.
What does it...
What could it possibly do?
Is there like a magic key that you can find somewhere?
I think it might be in the magic eye at one point.
I think like there is a key that...
I think maybe that's a key to it, but I don't know, man.
Or maybe the flashlight.
Maybe one of the other tools.
Maybe it's Jar Jar.
Who can say?
It's the key to the whole thing.
No, and the thing about the games too is that...
That's smart.
Oh boy.
Is that the Lost in Space one is at least a game in that you collect coins and you use
those coins to figure out a puzzle that solves the game.
Yeah.
Inside the human body, there's no goal.
Yeah.
There's no direction really.
You can leave whenever you want.
I don't think it needs to be.
I don't think educational software necessarily needs to be a game with a goal and mechanics
so much as just like another way of encountering information.
And I just think it fails at being either of those things.
Yeah.
I disagree with that because I do think it needs to be...
Sorry.
Let me gather my army of Cockney supporters.
Get in here, Cockney supporters.
Thank you.
So that is what we all object because we need an educational game.
I think the best ones for me are the ones that tied the learning to the mechanic, which
then made me want to learn more.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
It drove me forward.
Whereas this one, I would probably get bored of human body and bounce off pretty quick.
Yeah.
Because I'm not really doing anything.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, you played an educational game a few weeks ago and you got mad at it.
I mean, I don't know.
When you played Cities Skylines.
I don't know if that's an educational game.
At least it's downstream from the idea of an educational game.
It's like, you know, SimCity was designed to be educational.
That's true.
But that's the thing about Cities Skylines too, is that I felt like it wasn't giving me the
proper rewards for every step of the way.
Sure, sure.
So I got bored in the same way that I got bored.
But this one, as I said, I need my meatball.
I need my chocolate bar.
Well, they're so mad at me right now.
Look, if you're listening to this episode right now.
You're a Cockney supporter.
You are.
You are.
You have.
You have helped us to buy so many chocolate bars.
One page.
Chocolate bar.
One patron equals one.
Oh, one patron equals one chocolate bar.
Come on.
It's five bucks.
See, it's only five bucks.
And you know, you know what that sound of you taking that five bucks out of your wallet
is?
What?
Oh, yeah, it is.
Wow.
Wow.
So we thank you.
It's so refreshing to remove it.
Yeah.
No, we thank you.
Seriously, doing these episodes.
I say this every time, but it's so fun to do.
Like, just get a little weird with it.
This was a passion project for Josh.
It was.
So much so that we will do another Magic School Bus episode again.
And let us know, obviously.
Because it turns out it rides again.
Yes.
That's true.
So let us know in the comments, you know, your thoughts about this.
Also, if you are on Apple Podcasts, if you listen to our show on Apple Podcasts, please
think about leaving us a review.
Chocolate bar.
No, no, not a chocolate bar.
A review.
However, do you mean if you leave a review that says chocolate bar, however, then, you
know, you could leave a review.
Don't leave a review that says chocolate bar.
Let us know what you think.
Point is.
If it's a five star review, say whatever you want.
That's a good point.
Keep it informative.
And if it's a one star review, keep it to your fucking self.
Yeah.
I want to hear your fucking ass.
And I think the last thing that I want to just say here, you know, to kind of close
this episode, Joanna Cole, the author of the Magic School Bus, died of idiopathic pulmonary
fibrosis on July 12, 2020.
And it was when I heard about this, it hit me pretty hard because, again, these books,
these games, these episodes of TV, all of this was such a big part of my upbringing.
And going back and seeing this again, I can see pieces of my sense of creativity and humor
and things like that that I can directly attribute to this shit.
Yeah.
And so I just wanted to read to close out here a quote from Bruce Deegan.
He provided this quote to Publishers Weekly for her obituary.
I think for Joanna, the excitement was always in the idea.
What?
Why?
How?
And with the Magic School Bus, it was how to explain it so that it is accurate and in a
form that a kid can understand and use.
And you can actually joke around while you're learning.
She had a rare sense of what could be humorous.
We've been in 1984 in the office of the much missed Craig Walker, the brilliant editor who
asked us to work together.
We did not know each other.
In the world of children's books, it's often not necessary for illustrator and writer to
actually meet.
But there were conundrums with the Magic School Bus.
Every page was so complicated.
We had to make decisions how to make it work.
Could it work?
And we did together.
And we became friends.
What Joanna has meant to the world, what there is in the world because of her is well known.
What she meant to me, I can't describe.
Everyone who knew her, worked with her, loved her, knows what a loss it is.
I'm the worst of all possible Joshes.
I'm the worst of all possible AJs.
And I'm...
Chocolate Sloth.
See you next week.
