Were you a big Lost dad?
I was.
I was super into Lost.
Were you on the forums and stuff?
Because I was on the forums and stuff.
I wasn't, but bizarrely, my mother was.
My mother was hardcore.
My mother was hardcore into the Lost forums.
And every week we had to have an argument over whether Lost spoilers were acceptable conversation at the dinner table.
It was a combination of things, right?
And so she is genuinely an extremely earnest person.
I don't think there was anything surreptitious about this.
However, it did just so happen multiple times that she would say something and be like, wasn't that crazy when that happened on Lost?
And it had not happened yet, even remotely.
It's like, I don't know, Mom, was it crazy?
You know better than me.
Well, was your mom doing like the ARG and stuff?
Like, was she like reading like Evil Twin or Bad Twin or whatever, which is the book they released that was written by one of the passengers on Oceanic.
Flight 815 that was a tie-in to the show that you had to read in its entirety in order to get a code to then go to a website that then played a video about like the next episode of Lost?
What? No, I've never heard of this.
Like you could just read a full chapter storyline on a pallet of slusho cups?
Wait, what was that?
That's just a joke.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
So many possible worlds, but we got this one.
Welcome to the worst of all possible worlds, the first and only podcast that's got those jokes, baby.
I'm the worst of all possible AJs.
I'm the worst of all possible Bryans.
And I'm the worst of all possible Joshes.
And despite what you might think from the beginning of this episode, we're not here to talk about Lost.
But we will be someday.
Okay, so we're going to take all of the JJ Abrams and we're going to shove it firmly to the side today.
We're going to crumple them up and throw them in the trash.
That's right, Brian.
Right in the mystery box.
Because we are back for more Wits Endless Summer.
Yes, it is the ongoing sub-series of the worst of all possible worlds in which we listen to episodes of the radio drama Adventures in Odyssey, produced by Focus on the Family, an evangelical organization in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Let's go.
But here's the thing.
This week, not only are we listening to episodes of Adventures in Odyssey, we're also listening to some adult content.
That's right.
Oh.
Oh.
That's right.
Paul McCusker got into the adult entertainment industry.
Not that adult entertainment industry.
Fully grown followers of Christ.
That's right.
We are talking about Focus on the Family radio theater and more specifically, this will all be in the second half, Father Gilbert Mysteries.
We're not alone here today.
We actually have a wonderful guest coming along with us that we have inflicted this material on.
Coherced.
Yes.
He is the co-creator and lead writer of the Penumbra Podcast, which is the bi-weekly audio drama home to Juno Steel and Tales of the Second Citadel.
Welcome to the show, Kevin Vibert.
Hey, everybody.
Thank you for, I mean, I don't know if thank you is the right word, but you are having me.
So that does deserve to be marked.
And we're happy to have you.
We are.
Because.
I am happy to be here.
I am happy to be here.
Because you've been like you're a real when it comes to audio drama, you're a real subject matter expert.
I mean, you have been now creating audio dramas with Penumbra for like eight years, right?
Yep.
We started production.
Actually, we started production almost exactly nine years ago.
Wow.
Our first episode was released about eight and a half years ago.
Yeah.
So before we get into talking about the world of Focus on the Family radio drama, I'd love to hear a bit more about your experience with doing audio drama.
What has your experience looked like so far and what have you learned along the way?
I mean, kind of in summary, we've we've been making it up as we go along.
I'm going to be completely honest with you.
I have no specific training in writing audio drama.
I have no specific training in writing scripts.
My whole background before this was when I was like 18, I started a daily writing practice, thousand words a day.
And I've just been chugging along ever since.
So I wrote I wrote a lot of trunk novels that will never see the light of day because they're bad.
Then, you know, I was in the middle of a project and I was really frustrated with how it was going.
And a friend of mine and I were like, what if we, you know, tried writing some of these old radio plays?
And we more or less thought we had invented audio drama and we were disabused of that notion very quickly.
But from there, we've been we've been kind of making it up as we go along.
So, you know, at this point, I feel like I know a lot about writing for sound and about, you know, what is the kind of the condensed nugget of an episode.
But before that, most of my knowledge was about sort of the genres we were writing in.
And I'd spent a lot of time studying, you know, crime fiction and studying is not really the word because it's just what I read a lot when I was a kid.
I read a lot of fantasy.
So when you say sort of finding the nugget, can you tell me a little bit more about that and what that looks like for you?
A friend of mine put this really, really well a couple of years ago.
And it's that I do think that for a lot of artistic pursuits, you learn a lot of the theory in a very explicit sense to start.
And when you start, you're doing an impression of that theory.
Right.
It's like I understand plot arc.
I understand what tension is.
I understand what character is in a theoretical sense.
And eventually you just do it for long enough that you start to gain an instinct for it.
And you can just kind of tell what an episode feels like.
Right.
What a satisfying arc feels like.
On the one hand, it's not at all a useful definition because that was just a very wordy way of saying, I don't know, vibes, man.
But beyond that, I do think that one of the things that we've always tried to do is something significant has to happen in every episode.
You cannot walk away from the episode feeling like if this didn't happen, it would not make a difference.
Kevin, could you do me a favor?
Could you go to focus on the family and just scream that through the window until maybe somebody listens?
Because Jesus Christ.
We have their address.
We've been there.
It's great that you say that because I have been looking to make some enemies.
Oh, great.
Yes.
Great.
No better one.
No better one.
Kevin, I'm also really excited to have you on the show because I think that you are an extraordinary writer of mysteries.
Oh, thank you.
And so we've brought you here today to make you listen to what happens when somebody has no idea how to write a mystery.
It's something that you had no idea about, right?
This whole world.
This whole world of Avengers and Odyssey.
You had never heard of Focused on the family.
That's correct?
Yes.
I was talking to you about this a little while ago.
In fact, one of the questions I'm going to have for you guys when we get into Adventures in Odyssey in particular is I am completely new to the genre of Christian children's entertainment.
I grew up in like a family that did not really practice religion in any way other than we said the word Christmas around December.
That was about it.
I didn't see VeggieTales until I was in college.
Like this is not my world at all.
Who showed you VeggieTales in college?
I had no legitimately.
I had friends who like were were just these songs.
These songs rip.
I don't know what to tell you.
They really liked them.
They are the pirates who don't do anything for a reason.
That may have that may have been the one.
And at that point, I was also already working in special ed.
Oh, OK.
At work, I was seeing a lot of Sesame Street and a little bit of VeggieTales and things like that.
VeggieTales is, to say the least, playing in a different register from Adventures in Odyssey.
It seems like you had sent me an email as well when we were putting this episode together, Kevin.
Regarding Adventures in Odyssey, you said, and I quote from the email, Jesus, that's a hell of a thing, isn't it?
So I'd love to hear your first impressions about Adventures in Odyssey, its world and just like that whole thing.
So I've listened to a good chunk of the worst of all possible worlds at this point.
So I know that you I know that you guys are very steeped in this world.
I'm afraid so.
I think one of the things that I'm going to try to get across over the course of this episode is just how culturally blindsided I feel by everything happening.
Yes, I was not prepared from your podcast for either a the opening theme of Adventures in Odyssey.
What what the hell is that?
Or when part three wraps up, they immediately get into Bible talk.
And I oh, yeah, the whiplash was wild for me.
I could not.
Yeah, this is I I knew theoretically that this happened out in the world.
Uh huh.
But but I don't know.
As a kid, Jesus was not on my radar.
I didn't ever think about it because you were listening to Adventures in Odyssey.
Come on.
Yeah.
Or to your heart, Kevin.
That's true.
That's true.
We do.
We do customarily and every episode with an altar call where you can come forth, confess your sins, be washed clean in the blood of the lamb.
They forcibly converted me.
So for this week specifically, we are delving into the mind of Paul McCusker, one of the main writers on Adventures in Odyssey.
And Brian, I think you wanted to do a McCusker forward episode.
Yeah.
For a while and really talk about his whole deal.
McCusker forward episode makes it sound like a product.
This is art, baby.
This is a Paul McCusker diptych.
Oh, God.
This is sort of like the Garden of Earthly Delights if it was missing a panel.
This is Sunday in the Park with George, but for the dumbest man alive.
Sunday in the Park with Paul.
He's the second dumbest man alive because he works with an even dumber man.
Yeah, that is true.
Paul McCusker is a man with a lot of very interesting, I don't know what to say, peccadillos.
The more I listen to his later output, the more I'm like, wow, this guy just is Rod Dreher.
What we'll see with his Odyssey episode here is one, just something that's a little bit better crafted than what Phil Waller can do.
Yes.
Which is, again, I want to make sure that my praise is as faint as possible here.
The trilogy that we're going to listen to here is like not too interested with like Bible stuff, is more just interested in taking characters that we kind of already know and then doing something with them that he hasn't been able to do on the show before.
And the follow up to this, the Father Gilbert stuff is where he really gets to let his freak flag fly.
And he gets to talk about all of the spiritual warfare stuff that he's gotten so interested in.
He gets to enjoy his like old church stuff, his G.K.
Chesterton stuff before this was when he was still Anglican and hadn't quite converted to Catholicism yet.
The last Wits End of the Summer that we did was focusing on James Dobson, like sort of the mastermind of Focus on the Family.
But Paul McCusker is sort of like the Apostle Paul, the one who saw that vision through and made it into a show.
So we are seeing sort of we're kind of tracking our way through the history of Focus on the Family and the major player heads who, you know, make the show what it is to start.
And McCusker is like a frustrated artist.
He has more things that he wants to do than what he's able to do, either within the bounds of Adventures in Odyssey, a show for children or within the bounds of evangelical Protestantism.
It is also very telling that McCusker is like the one guy in that entire group that is actually like actually engages with outside media.
And we'll get to that a little bit more in Father Gilbert Mysteries.
But he actually sees value in secular work and tries to ape it as often as possible, mostly by making Adventures in Odyssey into Doctor Who, which we see in a lot of the Imagination Station episodes.
This episode that we're covering today, though, not very it's not very high fantastical.
This one is, in fact, Law and Order Odyssey.
But what it is, what it is, is the opportunity to use the tools of audio drama at his disposal in a way that he hasn't done before.
Yeah.
This is The Perfect Witness, which is a three parter episodes 309 to 311.
All of these episodes were written and directed by Paul McCusker, and they were originally aired on subsequent weeks.
So April 8, April 15, and April 22 of 1995.
Now, these episodes, as all episodes of Adventures in Odyssey do, opened with that great theme song.
Hi, this is Chris.
I'm glad you could join us for Adventures in Odyssey, a place of discovery, imagination, and excitement.
But don't take my word for it.
Find out.
I don't know what to call it other than low-rent Disney, guys.
Yes.
It's so clear what they're going for, and it's hammy is what it is.
It's really over the top in that direction.
And given how, not all, but a lot of these performances, I think, are actually fairly restrained, it is a bizarre juxtaposition.
The sweeping, intense orchestral score followed by something that feels very muted by comparison.
Well, just to be clear, are we talking about right now Father Gilbert or Adventures in Odyssey?
Because I would argue that in Adventures in Odyssey, these performances are not particularly restrained.
No, that's fair.
I mean, there are a few roles in particular in Odyssey that I take issue with the performances.
Okay.
But you're right.
In part one, we do open on Holstein, who, he's working so hard, man.
Oh, yeah.
Let's roll that beautiful.
Here we go.
Good time.
Yeah, yeah, gentlemen.
It is my pleasure to be of your assistance.
I have put true crime stories over here in our nonfiction crime section.
Oh, thanks.
I maintain an exhausting supply of both new and second-hand books.
Great, great.
We'll take it from here.
His name, by the way, is Fred Holstein, which is why we call this shop Holstein Books.
So, this is Kenneth Mars.
We've talked about him on this show before.
Longtime character actor.
My favorite role of his is probably Franz Liebkind, the guy who writes Springtime for Hitler in Mel Brooks' The Producers.
Oh, my God.
He also played Inspector Kemp in Young Frankenstein.
So, he was a big, like, Mel Brooks recurring guy.
And at the time that this was out, I think he was already on Malcolm in the Middle as well.
Again, playing, like, a German guy.
That was just his thing.
That's just his wheelhouse.
Wow.
And right there, you hear these other two guys who are, it turns out, are going to be very important.
This is the very beginning of the episode.
It's all in media res.
We didn't even send you our usual dossier because this doesn't concern most of our regular characters or locations, this trilogy.
And, like, it's just, here's the story.
Here's where we're going to go.
It's a lot more confident than I think the show has ever been.
Yeah, truly.
But it's a combination of, like, these grounded, down-to-earth performances and a cartoon character.
Yeah, and it starts very confidently and just expects you to sort of catch up.
And then it spends the rest of its runtime explaining things to you.
It certainly does, doesn't it?
Yeah, he runs out of steam by, I don't know, halfway through part two.
Oh, I would argue much sooner than that.
But, yeah.
Were you on board from the beginning of this, though, Kevin?
I mean, were you like, okay, let's see what this shit's all about?
Or were you already kind of like, ugh, I don't know?
I mean, Holstein's obviously over the top.
But I do think that he's a good first impression in the sense of, like, you know, there's a lot of energy here.
He's, like, immediately charming.
And I do like a mystery that just jumps right into it.
So this opening scene does work for me.
I will say that, for me, the wheels come off immediately after that.
So I like the opening, but then it gets rough.
Well, the mechanics of the next piece here to that point is that Katrina Shanks, we'll remember she's sort of our genius polymath, one of the two in this world, along with Eugene Meltzner, right?
Yes.
She works at the bookstore, and she's showed up to her shift, and she notices a rare first edition, a new book that's coming to the shop.
Oh, the first edition of the Hoggard book.
I beg of your pardon?
On the desk in the back, the first edition of the Eric Hoggard book.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I am excited beyond repair.
One of perhaps ten copies left in this country, and I found it.
At no small cost, let me tell you one thing for sure.
I phoned Professor Marcus to tell him it was in.
He is as happy as a bird in a clamshell.
We're having a good time.
We're having fun.
We're having fun.
We're having fun.
One of the cool things about this particular trilogy is that Josh actually managed to find a PDF of the script for it.
Yeah.
So they published this in one of their books.
Kevin, you emailed me, and you were like, hey, is there any chance that, and I was like, I don't fucking think so.
But then I took a search, and lo and behold, it's out there.
Yeah, it sure is.
And looking at, I was watching the script while I was listening to this, and I was continually fascinated by the places where they change lines.
And I wonder if those are actor decisions or if those are in-the-moment writing decisions, because there are some exceptions to what I'm about to say, and I think there are things that they cut that aren't a good idea.
But in general, I think especially with Holstein, when a line gets changed in the recording, it is significantly for the better.
Oh, absolutely.
Absolutely.
A lot of the, like, sort of weird idioms he uses are verbatim in the script, but there are points where he mixes it up a little bit, and I think it is always for the better.
It's also incredible just to follow along with the script and to see, like, the large portions that they cut as well.
Because this thing already feels like it's very didactic and explanatory, but the fact that it was longer initially is wild to me.
Well, and it's interesting.
I want to go into the directions as they're written here, because they're not necessarily what you might expect, right?
Katrina has come into the shop.
She's gone into the back room.
She looks at the book.
And the stage directions are written like stage directions.
It's, you know, Katrina comes in.
Katrina goes to the back.
Katrina comes back from the room.
It's not anything dictating to the sound engineer, this is what I want you to do.
It's all spatial, basically.
When Jenny comes in in a minute, it says Jenny enters with a cane to assist, not we hear her cane tapping on the floor.
We hear the door open.
It's we know the door has to open.
We know the chime has to play.
It also leaves it kind of open as to what the chime is going to be so that John Campbell or whoever can design it.
Right. And it's written as someone who is working with his sound team every day.
They know each other.
They work in the same place.
And he can offload what he needs onto them because he knows that they'll be able to get the job done.
The one thing that I'll say is, you know, our scripts are up there and you can look at them and you can tell that I format everything incorrectly because we were making this up and now we've established a norm.
And sure.
I'm not going to change it.
A key thing about sort of how Harley, the other creator of the Patumbra and I work together is it's very, very cooperative.
So a lot of the notes that I will write are notes directly to Harley.
So I will often give extensive notes that are about physicality and space and things like that and kind of trust Harley to make the call on whether these things make a noise that is forward enough for the audience to hear it.
Yeah.
Oh, sure.
One of the things I find really interesting about the sort of directions and space in the script is as, you know, the three-parter goes on, you get fewer and fewer of these incidental sounds.
By the end of it, this is just talking heads.
Yeah.
And sonically, that's incredibly dull, which is not helping everything else.
You may ask yourself, how did you find yourself at an abandoned construction site?
Sorry, demolition site.
That's going to be important later.
This is not my beautiful book.
This is not my beautiful knapsack.
That very normal American phrase that we all use, knapsack.
Also, AJ, you were obsessed as to finding out whether this Eric Hoggard guy was a real guy, something that I never cared about at any point in my life having listened to this.
Oh, the guy who wrote the book, supposedly.
Hey, guess what?
He's real, baby.
What?
He's a real fucking dude.
Not super significant author.
So he's a Danish writer who translated a lot of Hans Christian Andersen stuff, but also wrote a bunch of books about samurai.
Yeah.
I don't know why this was pulled.
I don't know why this is.
The guy's still alive at the time that this episode came.
He died in 2009.
He's a contemporary author.
This is just Paul McCusker trying to show that he's a man of letters, right?
For what?
He just really likes Eric Christian Hoggard, I guess.
Fuck if I know.
This is definitely something wrong with me, but I think that rules.
That is my favorite thing I've heard so far.
It feels lived in, you know what I mean?
It is very specific, but again.
I just wonder if maybe they met each other and it's like a little joke about his friend.
Nice little Easter egg.
Shout out to my homie.
Yeah.
I cannot imagine another reason.
I think he just saw that his middle name was Christian and went, oh, one of those, huh?
Yeah, a Dane.
Yes.
I'm more an antique Roman than that, personally.
Oh, okay.
Good to know.
Get out of here.
So what we learn about this book is that Holstein is going to hand deliver this edition to Professor
Marcus.
Now, this is the first mention of Professor Marcus.
Professor Marcus-
Yeah, he's never appeared before, you know.
He's a professor.
He's working on something important.
Yeah.
One of the things that he's working on involves this book.
This is going to pay off later on.
Yeah.
Now, another person who then shows up to the bookstore is Jenny.
Now, Jenny, we'll remember, is a young girl who is blind.
Hello, Jenny.
Hi, guys.
Jenny, my little strudel.
How are you today?
I'm okay.
Only okay?
Any changes I should know about?
A new book displayed to your left.
Got it.
Thanks.
What is this okay business?
It is a beautiful day today.
What is this okay?
Hey.
Sorry.
I got a little mad because everyone keeps treating me like I'm some kind of invalid.
A woman nearly killed me trying to help me across the street just now.
Well, people mean well.
Yeah, nobody thinks that you're helpless.
But they act like I am.
Just because I'm blind, they think I can't do anything for myself.
I can.
I walked all the way over here.
So this is sort of our reintroduction to Jenny, if we hadn't heard of her before.
And yeah, she's blind.
That's her entire character trait.
That's like the one thing that we find out about her pretty much.
She likes books, too.
I think that that's the other.
Yeah.
I could not glean anything else from her.
Yeah.
She's a big reader.
She likes C.S.
Lewis, like every evangelical kid of nine years old.
One quick question.
I don't know if this is brought up in previous episodes.
Do we know anything about Jenny's history in terms of like, is this is this congenital?
Is this the result of.
Yeah.
There was an introductory episode where she like first moved to town and it was like, oh, yeah, she's been blind for a long time.
But like it's something that happened to her.
One well-meaning idiot tried to like cure her of blindness using the TARDIS that he has in the ice cream shop and it didn't work out.
But otherwise, yeah, very normal town of normal people.
And it was basically because since this is a radio drama since in like 1995, it was the only radio drama at all in America.
They had a lot of blind listeners.
And so they decided to like write a blind character.
But they didn't give her anything to fucking do.
No, but most of the kids don't have anything to fuck there.
Well, I'm curious, Kevin, how this hit you, because you said for you, the wheels fell off pretty fast.
Was it here already that the wheels are starting to fall off or?
I got suspicious here.
OK, not the exclamation point appeared above your head.
The Metal Gear Solid.
You threw the box over yourself.
Yeah, I'll say now that it's it's when the robbers kick into gear that I I fall off.
But I don't know.
Like we so we do a lot of characters on our show that are disabled or of, you know, different identities that don't get represented in fiction a lot.
And one of our rules is always like they got to have something going on, man.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Your identity cannot be your entire life because it's you got a lot of time to fill.
You must be doing something.
Right.
It's just her sitting in a room saying I'm blind over and over and over again all day.
No, it's her reading the Chronicles of Narnia with her mom.
You know, how do you make sure that no matter where a character comes from, that they have some sort of an inner life?
This is sort of symptomatic as opposed to a core answer.
But I find that if you if you aim for the symptom, you sometimes get to the core is and this does annoy some of our listeners.
I'm going to be honest.
Harley and I try to avoid any kind of I am statements about identity.
Right.
Because once you strip that from a character that you are partially interested in because of their identity, they have to have other things to talk about.
I can get into this in more detail with later scenes with Jenny.
Sure.
Yeah.
But you start thinking about like what's a person in this situation want out of life?
What is a person who's listening to this?
What have they not heard before or seen before from a blind character?
I feel like that happens pretty quickly here, too, because suddenly the thing turns on its head.
Right.
Bad news.
These guys who are in the shop.
Well, they're not such normal guys.
It turns out they've got a plan.
Thanks, Mr. Holstein.
Yeah, thanks.
Leaving so soon, gentlemen, that you not find what you were looking for.
Actually, we're not leaving.
We just need to lock the door for a minute.
Lock the door?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
The law does not permit me to lock that door during business hours.
Well, we're not really interested in the law at this point.
Open the cash register.
I'll get the you-know-what in the back.
Right.
What?
What's going on?
Go on.
Open the cash register and no one will get hurt.
What's happening?
Um, I think we're being robbed.
What?
You are robbing my store?
Yeah, now quit stalling and open the, you know, register.
And so this is a problem you can get into with radio drama is that you can get too descriptive.
Yeah.
In old radio drama from like the 50s, it's someone like narrating each thing that they're doing.
I need to go over to the window.
I'm going to open the window now.
And in Adventures in Odyssey, very often it's something happens and then a second character is like, why did you do that?
Why did you go to the window?
Why did you open the window?
Just it's like slightly more sophisticated, but it also means that your character is really stupid.
Like Katrina and Holstein are just standing there like, why did you lock the door?
You can't do that.
That's illegal.
And these guys, for no reason, waited until the child entered the store and then they're like, we're going to rob this now.
It's not waiting for her to get the silver chair and leave.
And I think I think this comes back to what you were saying, Kevin.
Right. It's like now, how would Jenny actually respond in this situation?
Because then they fucking kidnap her.
But but I feel like there's so little sense of like agency and what she wants from any of this beyond just like being in peril for the sake of convenience of the plot.
Right. You know, and they do end up trying to do some things with Jenny's experience that make her well suited to this situation.
But the to your point.
Yeah. When we open, she's pure victim.
I will say just like one one point to Paul McCusker here is that she does walk into the store and say, like, I can walk to the store by myself.
Right. I'm not a complete idiot.
And I don't want people, you listeners of Adventures in Odyssey, to think that all blind people are incapable of simple tasks.
You don't know what I'm capable of and what I'm not capable of.
And you just need to listen to us.
There is something of that there.
It's just really, really thin.
I think her frustration could have been like bumped up a little bit or like at the very least, it's immediately rebutted when she says I'm not, you know, helpless or whatever.
I think Katrina says, well, people mean well.
And it kind of ends it there.
Yeah.
OK, great.
I'm so glad they meant well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There could have been a little bit more pushback there, but you can't push back against Milhouse Van Houten.
You know, you just know.
I also just realized I forgot to grab a Milhouse clip for this week.
So listeners, just put up, put your own favorite Milhouse clip somewhere in this episode while you're listening.
We'll just let know.
We're going to leave some space here for you to put in your favorite Milhouse quote.
Here we go.
Oh, that Milhouse.
So Jenny has been kidnapped and now she's in the getaway car with the goons.
Oh, no.
And it sounds, this is what it sounds like.
And so we're going to play this entire scene in the car and you'll find out why later.
Oh, God.
Must be rough going all the way to the bookstore just to get hijacked.
Sure must.
You should try it sometime.
I'm not real happy about this, you know.
This was supposed to be a simple job.
A charge of kidnapping wasn't part of the, you know, deal.
Don't blame me.
She was insurance.
How was I supposed to know we wouldn't be chased?
Mr. Sauerkraut hadn't set off the alarm.
Never mind.
Just check the stash, will you?
Yeah.
Hmm.
Let's see what we have here.
Ooh.
How much money do we get?
Who cares?
Uh, here we go.
Is that it?
Looks like it.
You got to give him credit for knowing.
Puppin' it and check.
Yep.
It's what we were looking for.
Good.
Oh.
This is a real hedgehog of a scene because there's so much going on sonically.
Oh.
Hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
You know what they're doing?
You know what they're doing?
They're driving around at the speed of sound.
Wow.
They got places to go.
They're following their rainbows.
They are.
Why are we like this?
I don't know.
The rainbow takes them to a safe house.
Yes.
Yes.
Uh, so the whole of Jenny's kidnapping is two scenes.
Yes.
In the car and in the hideout.
Um, I, did I, I didn't clip the hideout at all.
No, why would you?
I was like, because I just wanted to take the car and we'll see again.
There was a reason for that.
And I, and I did edit a little bit of it out.
Uh, there was a lot happening in these scenes to give you a sense of place.
And a lot of times this is just taken as a given in adventures and odyssey.
They put generally a lot into their scenes, into the action and the motion and the whoever
is around the really setting up where places without having to have someone say, okay,
we're at the hideout now.
Right.
I mean, in general, like, you know, I've been, I've been ragging on this a lot so far, but
I will say that one of the things that I do think this does extremely well is that it
is a good gateway to a specific variant of, you know, crime or mystery for kids in the
sense that the clues are, they are really telegraphed.
You can kind of see them coming from a mile away if you've experienced a lot of mysteries,
but I can very easily imagine experiencing this for the first time and they are pushed
to the fore enough that they jumped out to you at the time.
And then when they come up again later, you, you feel really smart.
Right.
And that's one of the thrills of a well-written mystery.
I think that the setting here is done extremely well.
Right.
Because there's all of these audio things that are going on just sort of in the sound bed
underneath the scene that you will notice if you're, like you said, used to
mysteries.
Yeah.
And you can probably already tell where the whole thing is going from the first five
minutes if you know about that structure.
But the reason that they're doing all this, of course, is that once Jenny ends up having
the opportunity to talk to the detective about the experience, she's going to be able to remember
specific things about that audio.
And that's exactly what happens.
The bad guys drop her off at the police station.
And then Jenny gets questioned by the police.
She's just shaken a little.
We put out an APB on the pickup truck, but frankly, without more information, there wasn't
much she could tell us.
And she's blind.
This was your clip, AJ.
This is one that you really wanted in here.
I think it's such a clear, like, okay, we could do that take again.
Could you just know that the rest of the line is coming?
Because you seem to really slip in the, and she's blind.
Like, they're like, really at the last minute?
Like, it's like he thought the sentence was over, but then a very important part came
up, and he tried to play it off.
It feels almost like, this is also Kenneth Mars, by the way.
This is the same guy playing Holstein.
It feels like he didn't want to say it.
Like, he's like, the audience knows.
We have said at least seven times at this point that Jenny is blind.
Like, I can finish the sentence earlier, and then you just see Paul McCusker in the corner
just, like, waving his hand, like, get the rest of the sentence out, Kenneth.
Just, like, highlighting through the page, and she's blind and putting it up against
the glass.
Yeah, pinning it against the wall with a knife.
Come on!
But it is, like, Kenneth Mars seems to be, like, the actor who changes the most of his
lines to make them more lived in and more human is what I noticed.
Like, there's a lot of, like, wells and, like, yeahs that he adds before, like, very strict
sentence structure.
And I think it's fascinating that there was that bunch, that little bit of punch-up that
was happening seemingly in the room.
Kevin, is that in your experience?
Is that a thing that a lot of your actors do with your scripts as well?
Like, is there, like, is there a collaborative process?
In my ideal world, we would have a full cast rehearsal for every script, partially because
something I really like to do is I like, especially for new characters, to hear the actors go at
them and then adjust the voice in a way that works pretty well, right?
One of our main characters in the fantasy series, Sir Mark, when he started off, his voice was
very Cyrano de Bergerac.
It was very, like, flowery and things like that.
And the actor that we got in is extremely charming and fun to listen to, but in a much more kind
of down-to-earth, honestly kind of chaotic way.
Sure, sure.
I ended up rewriting all of his lines for that first script to make it work.
So we do that.
We have certain characters that, like, they have vocal tics and mannerisms that were completely
constructed by the actors and then I start putting them in scripts.
So, yeah, I think that using what your actors are giving you and recognizing that two people
working on a creative project together are always going to come up with something better
than one person is a huge part of making this as good as you can make it.
Yeah, and a lot of what stylistic points Odyssey has in its favor come from the fact that they
have money.
They have the ability to, instead of have someone narrate something, they can tell the
story through other characters because they can hire a couple other people at pretty cut
rates.
But, you know, and they do sit everyone down in the same room.
These are recorded the old-fashioned way with everyone in the same room, like in the way
that a live-to-tape show, like a sitcom, would record.
They rehearse a couple times and then they do it.
You know, you do a few retakes here and there, but you're mostly just going through the whole
story of the 20-minute episode scene by scene.
And the results speak for themselves.
And that's why they have these actors who are able to, apparently Will Ryan, who played
Eugene, was always, always, always editing his lines, correcting factual mistakes or other
grammatical issues that they had.
Well, here's the thing, right?
You just heard in that last clip, that first cop really didn't know what to do with her.
You know?
Because she's blind.
She just wasn't that useful.
And she's blind.
But, we have this brilliant lady detective and she knows that, sort of like fucking daredevil
or whatever, Jenny's going to be able to like do greater things because her powers other
than sight are so greatly magnified.
You're telling me that this detective is a woman?
It's crazy, right?
Whoa!
Detective Pat Ethan?
Oh, what?
This is crazy.
And it is so funny how it is treated as like this huge revelation.
It's like, can you guys, did you guys hear about this?
There are, women are, women are cops!
Also, this is Vaughn Taylor.
She was the mom in McGee and Me.
Oh.
Don't blame me.
She was insurance.
How was I supposed to know we wouldn't be chased?
Mr. Sauerkraut hadn't set off the alarm.
Never mind.
This is familiar.
Just check the stash.
Yeah, I feel like I've heard this.
Yeah.
In its entirety.
Let's see what we have here.
Wait, Jenny.
What's wrong?
You've told us this much before.
Now I want you to concentrate.
Think details.
Forget for a moment what they said.
Think about the sound of the car.
The sounds outside of the car.
I thought I was.
I heard the sound of the motor.
Car's going by.
That's good.
Keep going.
Okay.
The motor.
Car's going by.
And...
Don't blame me.
She was insurance.
How was I supposed to know we wouldn't be chased?
Mr. Sauerkraut hadn't set off the alarm.
Never mind.
Just check the stash, will you?
Yeah.
Let's see what we have here.
A train.
This is pretty fun.
This is pretty fun.
Especially for a kid.
Like you're listening to this, it's getting very expressive with it.
In the same way that like you watch an episode of Psych and then Sean looks around the room
and then you see all the little glowing pieces of every clue that he finds.
This is Jenny going back through her memory and isolating different sounds and it's using
the tools of audio production in a rather than an invisible way as before in a visible
way.
Because she is every time she references a new sound, that sound then comes in on the track
and that there's something very satisfying.
It's fun to listen to.
It's like Salieri when he's talking about Mozart's music.
I guess I just, I wish that the scene was better.
You know what I mean?
Sure.
Yeah.
I mean, I have heard, they play that clip so many times.
And so much of it too.
Like they could cut it down to shorter bits for sure.
There is a very real possibility that the last thought I will have before I die is, oh,
if Mr. Sauerkraut hadn't pressed that alarm.
And that's, I hate you.
I hate you for making that so.
Yeah.
Thanks for nothing, Brian.
I'm so torn on this part specifically.
Because again, in terms of intro to mystery for kids, this is perfect.
This is like, you know, it's isolating things.
It's showing you this is what you're looking for.
And then they do develop on it later.
And in general, the premise of this is a mystery.
And audio is really good.
It's kind of genius.
The big thing for me is, as I alluded to earlier, I think that the two goons are both in the writing and the performance.
So unbelievably the worst part of this entire thing.
Correct.
That being trotted through this god awful scene several times in a row is painful for me.
It is difficult for me.
Like, even if they've played it in a more cartoony register, there might be something to listen to.
But it's just so like, bleh.
Well, these two guys like are part of the Odyssey stable of actors have done a few other episodes, but they're not actors.
They're not people who have other credit.
For some reason, it's like that's another funny thing about Odyssey where it's like, well, here's some pastor that we know.
And then like that pastor's Australian child.
And then also here are some of the funniest character actors who have ever lived.
Right.
Yeah.
It is such a strange mix of it, too.
Yeah.
I we didn't even talk about the part where one of the guys just like takes off his shirt in front of the kid.
And it's like that's like a major plot.
She's blind, AJ.
In case you forgot.
God, man.
And I think the reason for that is that it gave her the knowledge that there was a second room, which is not very useful.
But it seemed useful for padding the time, I guess.
She remembers something else, too.
And I heard them digging around in the knapsack.
I remember now.
One of them found it and the other said.
Is that it?
Looks like it.
You got to give him credit for knowing.
You got to.
Yep.
It's what we were looking for.
Good.
Give him credit.
Give who credit?
God.
You think somebody hired that?
Possibly.
So now we know this is a diehard situation.
The robbery is fake.
And it was all about.
Well, obviously, the hog hard book.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Okay.
So here's a question I have for the group, because maybe I'm fully willing to admit that I'm wrong.
The term knapsack.
Yeah.
Was not one that was used where I grew up in San Diego.
No.
No.
Backpack.
Yeah.
It's a backpack, right?
Yeah.
Is there like maybe a section of America that uses knapsack that I'm just not aware of?
Like, why?
Is it just so that Holstein has to say knapsack later on?
No, genuinely, that's what I was going to say.
I think it's just so that they could have Kenneth Mars say knapsack.
What a journey to walk.
Just to trace a couple more plot points here, you know, we also learn that there's a getaway
car.
It turns out that that getaway car belonged to Eugene.
Oh, wow.
And after all that work, he went through learning how to drive.
We get another fucking repetition of the, hey, it's a train for some reason.
Yeah, the train, the envelope, the train, the envelope.
And the only other thing that I wanted to note is that toward the end, Eugene notices
that there's like this dirt on his car that he's not expecting.
Yeah.
The officer says, would you consider becoming like a member of the force?
And Eugene's like, how much would it pay?
And the cops like you couldn't afford the pay cut.
So that's just interesting.
Insofar as Odyssey has apparently defunded the police.
Yeah, because like Eugene.
Odyssey's gone woke.
Eugene is a full time community college student who works part time in the IT department and
also works part time at a soda shop, ice cream parlor where he does not get paid well, but
he gets paid at least twice as much as Connie.
And like he doesn't make good money.
So the police are just like fucking living in cardboard boxes or something.
There are a lot of voices that pop up in here that like not to not to rag on him too much,
especially if they're not actors, but they they make the goons more and more depressing.
Yeah.
They're really like intense and interesting and immediately captivating voices pop up.
Yeah.
The thing comes to life when Eugene shows up.
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
It's like the goons and the cops are all just.
Yes.
And Jenny's parents as well.
It's like you can't blame a kid for just being a kid or whatever.
But like there's a lot of really boring voice work going on in this three parter, which to
me, I think just made it feel more adult when I listened to it as a kid.
Yeah.
So it felt very sophisticated.
This was me getting culture by listening to sophisticated, not very exciting performances.
You know what else is highly sophisticated is when you go into somebody's dorm room and
steal the physical backup discs for a very important document and also reformat their
hard drive.
Yeah.
Which is another thing that happened to Eugene, I guess.
It's what I do when I rob people.
Absolutely.
So let's keep going.
Right.
Doing it two different places at once.
Baby.
We're on to part two.
Jenny remembers that safe house room again.
Yeah.
And again, I just didn't clip stuff from the safe house.
But what's interesting is they do change the format a little bit, which is less about
Jenny recounting the same scene over and over again, although that's still there for some
reason.
It's more just like going outside of the dialogue part entirely and just listening to other sounds.
Just going to be very like straight up.
By this point, the episode had fully lost me.
Yeah.
I was just like, I can't.
I'm just there's another fucking episode and a half left of this shit.
Like, fuck me.
Where yes, Kevin, I see you nodding.
Were you were you in a similar place?
Yeah.
I mean, especially because like the reason I keep coming back to the goons, I know.
Yeah.
The reason I keep coming back.
You're a gooner, Kevin.
We can't.
Come on.
You're in good company.
You're in good company.
The reason I keep coming back to them is because they are a load bearing part of this script
in multiple ways.
They're the hook.
They are like the entire basis of the investigation.
We keep on coming back to them because of Jenny's flash sideways.
So on a very basic level.
Speaking of lost.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I didn't even notice I was doing that.
It was a terrible idea on the production end to not honestly put some of your best voices
as these two roles because they are the face of the mystery for so much of us.
That's the whole thing, too.
And Kevin, like you haven't listened to a lot of Adventures in Odyssey, so you're probably
not as familiar with the massive stable of character actors that they could have used
for this.
And it's even worse because all of this is masterminded by a guy who we don't even meet
until part three.
Yes.
So we don't even know who he is or what his deal is.
Spoiler alert for the end of this fucking bullshit.
But it turns out that Eugene's professor under whom he has been researching.
The guy who wanted the Danish book.
Professor Marcus.
He's coordinating this entire heist so that he can steal Eugene's research and pass it off
as his own so that he can get published in a journal and get tenure at the college.
Yeah, it's insane.
I actually I did.
I was talking with my hands so hard there that I almost knocked over my water bottle.
But like and listeners, it's a huge water bottle.
Josh does not go small with water.
There's nothing in this setup that seems to be pointing in that kind of direction at all.
You know, we get this fucking back and forth between Holstein and Harlow Doyle, the private
inspector.
That's not a script.
Oh, really?
Yeah, Harlow Doyle is not in the script.
Is this an improvised character interaction?
Maybe.
I don't know.
Let's listen to it.
Hmm.
Ooh.
Then what?
So I said to the scoundrels, you must not lay a glove or any other foreign or domestic object
that forms his fair maidens head.
And they were so intimidated by my presence that I gave them that they hid me again and
again until I had no choose but to fall down the ground.
But they were not without their bruises.
Let me tell you that for nothing.
Mr. Holstein?
Excuse me while I assist this person that I have never seen before.
But Fred, if you never saw her before, how do you know it's her?
Oh my, that is an excellent question.
I'll take to you, Undead.
Yes.
How may I be of your help?
Like, that's just fun.
And not in the script, which is why you know it was fun.
Yeah, it's Holstein in the bookshop telling an unnamed customer this same story.
And because Will Ryan plays Eugene, I guess he decided to do the Harlow voice here.
Because Harlow doesn't play a role in this doing some sort of botched investigation or
anything.
He's just hanging out with Holstein hearing his battle tales.
Yeah.
And they never refer to him as Harlow Doyle.
But Kevin, just so you know, this is like this is Odyssey's private eye.
Yeah.
Who is ridiculously bad at being a private eye.
Yeah.
And thus is a very fun character to hang out with.
Plus, he sounds like this.
Yeah.
I do have to say that the no foreign or domestic object will touch her line is genuinely incredible.
I adored that.
Which is probably why it's not in the script.
Yep.
After we rehash the Eugene beat one more fucking time.
Everybody has to be told and we have to hear them get told.
We're back with Jenny and we're learning more about what she heard.
Okay, Abraham Lincoln.
You sit right there.
She told them her name was Abraham Lincoln.
Solid bit.
What do you hear?
A horn or something.
I could hear it in the distance.
Like the kind on a big truck.
And trucks driving back and forth.
You know how they have that low rumble and the sound of gear shifting.
And that beeping they make when they back up.
Maybe bulldozers.
Go on.
Hammering.
Definitely hammering.
What kind of hammering?
Tack hammers?
Nails?
Jackhammering?
Pounding.
Like chiseling.
But maybe some jackhammering too.
A construction site.
Is that what it sounded like?
Maybe.
And there's one sound I can't figure out.
Kind of like a woodpecker.
No.
A machine gun.
A machine gun?
You mean like on TV?
Very different things.
Sort of.
But more like the machine guns in those old gangster movies.
So I have a note here just as a director.
Yeah.
Right?
Which is where's the fucking tempo?
This should be a discovery.
Right?
Yeah.
Like you know she's remembering these things and there's something exciting about her remembering that.
And so then the detective should be like oh wow.
Like what and what else does that do?
It's just it's so fucking oh my god.
This episode pissed me off.
Like I'm really realizing just how irritated I was by it.
Yeah.
Because it's so flat.
This just turned you into J.K. Simmons and you're just throwing symbols at them.
Another one of Michigan's finest.
Like just fucking sits there like a fucking dead fish.
And I'm like do something.
But it's still I don't know.
It's still interesting enough it was interesting enough for me to remember this from my childhood.
I mean of course I remember most of these episodes from my childhood because I'm not well.
But like going through these sounds.
Yeah I think there's just something that's really expressive about it.
Even though yes you're right Josh.
It's too slow.
It doesn't feel like it's going anywhere.
The description of that final tool which is the thing that cinches everything up later.
is not quite like oh it doesn't sound like a woodpecker at all.
It doesn't sound like a machine gun or a woodpecker.
I think it sounds like a machine gun.
But I don't like the oh like on TV.
No like in the movies.
What the fuck does that mean?
Sometimes it feels like he's just got to fill time.
No it really is.
It's like it's like comparison TK.
And then he forgets to fill it out.
It's really funny that like he obviously like sat down with Dave Arnold and their Foley guys
and was going through their library and being like okay what things can I pick out?
Yeah.
Okay this one this one this one.
And they probably had a different folders for construction site and demolition site.
And that's where he was able to get some kind of piece.
But again it's like it's that's collaboration.
That's finding out what tools you have by working with people regularly.
One of the things about playing in sci-fi and fantasy specifically right is that sound is
inherently world building.
And a thing that I think about a lot in writing in general is that you know whether it's a
sound description or a piece of dialogue or whatever ideally you want every sentence
to be doing more than one thing.
This is both for tone and it's world building.
This is character and it's plot right.
And I think that that balance is really significant.
So I do actually really like the building out of the soundscape for this place.
It makes me wish that the place had been more significant earlier in a sense almost like
emotionally significant because we get there and we learn all the things about it.
And it's and that's that's neat.
That makes the mystery tick right.
But it doesn't to kind of do some of your points about the the pacing of the reveal.
There's nothing about it that hits me.
There's nothing about it that makes me like stop mentally and go like I need to be paying
attention now.
And something that I just thought of too is that maybe to the point of framing up what that
thing was they make it so clear throughout the first part that Jenny is in no real danger
whatsoever.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think that the lack of anything even approaching danger really defangs the setting up of that
space.
Yeah.
It's very low stakes.
It's it's like nothing happened.
And there's something kind of fun.
I think in like the way the first scene is built where it's like nothing seems all that
important and then it comes back and it's important.
But you can't do that for like the whole first 10 minutes.
Yeah.
Because it's also not like Adventures in Odyssey is unwilling to put children in peril.
No.
Like for fuck's sake.
Yeah.
They sent a kid to hell.
They captured the children with Jezebel that that that adventure where they like had her
about to human sacrifice them on an altar.
Or even in real life outside of the imagination stage.
Remember when those kids got caught and then one of them got beat the fuck up or the time
that the kids helped birth the baby Jesus, which the implications of that rack my mind.
It's not an actual time machine, AJ.
It's a simulator.
No, no.
But yeah, but it's virtual Jesus.
And what if virtual Jesus becomes cognizant of his surroundings?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Why would he do that?
What happens?
What happens that you told me?
What happens in that situation?
They are conscious AI, right?
So it has to.
No.
That is the end of the point.
No.
Yeah.
They're not conscious.
They're able to have conversations without the kids there.
No.
They're self-aware.
They're able to react to every single input.
And you're telling me those things aren't alive.
You can put one chatbot online with another chatbot and they can talk back and forth.
They are not alive, AJ.
That's right.
They're in fact.
No, they're alive and they're my friends.
They're just actually my only friends.
Lines written on a script played by actors.
I don't know how to say this, AJ, but when you were in that show with Paddington.
Yeah.
Actually, I do know how to say that.
Yeah.
He wasn't alive either.
That's where you're wrong.
That's where you're wrong.
We hung out backstage and he was my friend.
There were three people.
That's why his voice kept changing every night because they were switching out who did the voice.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
It was just a bear.
It was a bear who was my friend and stared at me with his cold black eyes.
It turns out that the site that Jenny was at is in fact a demolition site.
Not a construction site.
Wow.
And there's only three demolition sites.
And so they're able to go and find who is doing a demolition in the county by pulling permits.
Yeah.
Looking at who pulled permits.
They go and they find the site.
That's very exciting.
Meanwhile, Eugene sort of has his part to play because he still has nagging questions.
Yeah.
It is maddening.
What was on this computer?
Why would the culprits bother to steal my laptop and disks and then erase everything on my main computer?
And what does it all have to do with the robbery at Holstein's bookshop?
Those are the nagging questions.
He stares dead into the camera.
He's not having this conversation.
He's talking to Katrina.
It's like she didn't ask.
And we also get some really thrilling highlights of like interacting with bureaucracy and then going to the demolition site.
Yeah.
And the way this is written is so cracked.
Right.
I don't care how you do it.
You have to stop them.
I'm going out there with my men right now.
Jurisdiction.
Forget it.
Just stop those workers until we get there.
What?
Bureaucrats.
Well.
Come on.
That has got to be the place.
Imagining him like moving his arms like Dean Lerner.
He's an office building in an apartment building used for the immigrant workers from the factory.
All built around the turn of the century.
They knocked down the office building last week.
They finished the factory off last night.
Last night.
And the apartment building is coming down today.
Their hideout is in the apartment building.
Our boys were real smart.
They figured the building with any evidence would come down before we'd find it.
That's an interesting dynamic with a lot of history.
It's a shame it wasn't part of the episode.
Yeah.
Kevin.
Exposition master class.
Am I right?
There's.
It is a wall of information.
I can't even begin to scale.
I'm going to be honest.
Yeah.
The reason they found out it was a demolition site was because when Jenny was like, what's
this machine gun sound?
They were like, they sent their rookie who had lines for some reasons to go to the local
radio station because normal radio stations would have just a huge sound library, the likes
of which only focus on the families in possession of in 1995.
And they have her go through sound discs, which is interesting because Adventures in Odyssey
at this point had only just started producing all of their episodes digitally instead of
listening to queued up tapes.
This is something about focus on the family in general, though.
Adventures in Odyssey specifically.
There are always mentions of technology.
There is a move that happens at the end of part two that I think is really, really smart.
Mystery wise.
I think it really hangs together.
The fact that, you know, they investigate the demolition site and the book and the money
are both there.
Right.
I do think that's really smart.
It is part of because, you know, to an extent, I think that all fiction writing is like this,
but I think mystery is especially like this.
There's a lot of common DNA between mystery writing and performing a magic trick, I think,
in the sense that in both cases, the, you know, the trick itself is happening in the audience's
mind.
These people aren't real.
Sorry, AJ, they're not.
They're not real.
I'm going to need to call in my parents from the other room.
But you can trick the audience momentarily into thinking that they are and that's the
game.
Right.
Yeah.
Similarly, sort of, I think the rhythm of a really interesting and compelling magic trick
is the magician tells you ahead of time, I'm going to show you something impossible.
And your reaction is audiences.
All right.
Bet.
Like, I don't think you are.
Yeah.
Right.
And you see it and you're kind of tricked into it.
So this is a hook for this arc of the mystery being like, look, this wasn't even a robbery.
They say this and I go, I don't think you're going to pull that off.
Mm hmm.
Whether or not they do is a different consideration.
But as a listener, they don't throw that out there.
They don't.
But yeah, they face that pretty hard.
Yeah.
But I guess my point is that half of it is it's the promise and then it's fulfilling
the promise.
Yes.
Yes.
The art of making the promise is an art and it is compelling.
If you don't fulfill the promise, it is it completely blows up in your face.
And I think that's what happens here.
Well, and I think that, like, to the point of things being connected, you know, there is
the connective tissue of like the Eugene B plot.
And we are, I think, all sort of being like, OK, we know these things are going to be connected.
They're very clearly setting it up.
But how are they going to be connected?
Which is an interesting, dramatic question.
Now that we know that there's a bigger mystery afoot than just a standard burglary, Eugene
and Katrina come by the precinct to get Katrina's bag, which, again, was at the scene.
And it turns out that there's this little bit of an envelope in it.
Now, not the whole envelope, just a little corner of an envelope.
They've also found a fingerprint at the hideout that's going to allow them to do some analysis.
And Eugene realizes now that Dr. Marcus, the guy who we've heard almost nothing from,
is in fact the sort of central fulcrum of this mystery.
And Kevin, at this point, I'm wondering where your head was at with regard to Dr. Marcus.
I like the performance.
I like the performance of Dr. Marcus.
And partially because I like the performance.
He was three words in.
And I was like, God damn it.
This is the guy like this is very clearly the guy.
And I genuinely think that you could improve this entire thing by leaps and bounds if you cut the goons.
I can't shut up about them, but just cut the goons.
They gotta go.
Put Dr. Marcus in the first scene with like a disguise and a voice changer and just have him be the one doing the crime.
Yeah, absolutely.
He has the personality.
He has the and he's threatening.
There are stakes there.
Yeah.
In a way that there's nothing with the goons.
They're completely toothless.
We take those goons.
We put them in a cave and we let them do whatever goons do in a cave.
Come on.
Dr. Marcus is the guy.
He's so clearly the guy.
But Eugene thinks that he's actually the victim.
He thinks that he's in great danger.
And so he goes to warn him, you know.
The cops figure out who the primary suspect is, which is one of the goons.
He's in Connellsville, naturally, because that's where all of the crime happens.
They mentioned Odenton again, too.
It was like, oh, yeah.
We forgot about the North Haverbrook of the Adventures of Ozzy.
Yeah, he's in Shelbyville and North Haverbrook.
Yeah.
This guy asks for his lawyer immediately, but then he keeps blabbing, which allows Jenny to ID him based on his voice.
Eugene is going to save the day by helping Dr. Marcus out.
But of course, Dr. Marcus has been playing him like a fool for the whole time.
And eventually there's a nice little setup, you know, a moment of like, oh, you're busted.
Did you find this to be fun, Kevin?
When they busted the guy?
Oh, yeah, Eugene doing the sting.
Yeah.
Yeah, totally.
I mean, I think that like one of the great shames of Dr. Marcus is that when he shows up, when he shows up, you go like, oh, I get it.
Like, this is the story.
It's just you weren't showing me the story.
You were putting the camera at these other people doing whatever.
And I don't know why I was watching that.
Also, the great shames of Dr. Marcus sounds like a literary classic.
It's my favorite silent film.
Marcus actually has a vocal performance that I find very fascinating because when you read along with him what he's actually saying, he tends to skip lines and then combine them back together in a very fun and interesting way.
It does not seem to me.
And again, this is entirely speculation.
It does not seem to me to be an intentional choice.
It seems to be him misreading it and then sort of fudging his way through it.
But if you're not reading along with the script, it sounds natural.
It sounds like this guy's like really got like a full control over it.
And it's thrilling in a way that like most of this episode is not.
I didn't clip him.
Notice I didn't clip basically anything from the third episode because like you said, Kevin, before, it's just everyone in quiet rooms talking to each other one on one.
Basically, what's really interesting to looking at the script is starting in episode two, but it's hardcore in episode three.
They start cutting out massive chunks of script that are exclusively about the mystery.
So by this point, they have kind of given up on the idea of the mystery being the tension propellant, like bringing us through the story.
At one point, there is an entire page where Detective Ethan is like explaining how the clues that were set up earlier matter.
And it's just gone.
Does it need to be there?
It probably doesn't need to be there, right?
No.
And so this is actually part of why, you know, before we started talking about the episodes themselves, I was curious about what the priorities of this genre of storytelling are.
Right.
Because it's easy for me to look at this and say, as a mystery, this isn't working.
But then I get to something like that and I start to think maybe that's not even what it's trying to do.
And I should at least try to evaluate it on its own terms.
Right.
Like what what are the goals of this thing?
Well, what do you think the goals of this thing are?
That's where I'm lost.
I'm going to be honest with you.
And it's partially because I I I hope, honestly, this is maybe naive of me, but but I hope that it's because I don't understand the genre that I'm lacking some sort of content understanding.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know.
So we get to the end and we realize like we've just like we just have to explain a bunch of stuff and then they explain even more than that.
It's like the final scene in Psycho.
And you'll see exactly what I mean when I start playing it, because Detective Clarissa is about to explain it all.
I'm in shock.
I still refuse to believe that a man of Dr. Marcus's stature would be involved in such an escapade.
And I appreciate your feelings, Eugene, but he was not only involved, he masterminded most of it.
But he's a highly esteemed scholar.
It's because he's a highly esteemed scholar that this happened, Eugene.
Dr. Marcus was up for tenure at the college.
Excuse me, Detective.
Would you explain tenure to the younger members in your audience?
Yes.
Tenure is something that most college and university teachers want.
It's like a permanent contract that guarantees them good pay and job security.
So if they get it, they can't be fired?
Something like that, yes.
And it puts them in line for big promotions and prestige.
If you're a teacher, it's one of the most important things you can have.
But Dr. Marcus hadn't fulfilled an important requirement to get it.
He hadn't written a substantial article for a reputable academic journal.
Enter Eugene Meltzner.
I can't believe it.
Dr. Marcus had sponsored Eugene's work and insisted it be kept secret.
You didn't tell anyone what you were working on, did you, Eugene?
No.
And since Eugene trusted him completely.
This is about a quarter of the explanation, so I just like cut it off right here.
Yeah.
Jenny saying that line, as a kid, I always interpreted exactly like that, Josh.
It was, we turn to the camera now.
It's almost like they're all standing on a stage and the set has been moved off and they're
like, the curtain is halfway closed.
This is just brecked.
But now I'm realizing, listening to it as an adult, Paul McCusker thought he was just putting
a really like sly, urbane comment in Jenny's mouth.
Like when she's saying for the younger members of our audience, she just means herself.
Right.
But it's such a miscued line that it sounds like, like they've just completely shut down
and they're like, we are talking to you.
Yeah.
The fourth wall is just gone.
Even with like Eugene responding to the queue with a like, I can't believe it.
That was Maxwell smart.
That was not Eugene Nelson.
Inspector Gadget.
This really gives the game away of what the overarching thing is.
And Kevin, the piece that you feel that you're missing from the genre, like what it's going
after is petty grievances.
Yeah.
What this is about is Paul McCusker feeling intellectually cucked by the academic institutions at large.
And he's going to get back at him saying, well, they don't even write their own papers.
They just steal shit from their students and pass it off as their own work because they can't come up with their own stuff because that would make them smarter than me.
Yeah.
No, I, I, I think you're exactly right.
AJ, I, I, you know, maybe it's a little more nuanced than that, but not by much.
I think it's in, in a way less nuanced.
I think it's more that this was the first draft.
I think that's what really boils all this down is that he had a bunch of ideas, but he never actually did a draft that put them in a sensible place.
Okay.
But the fact that this would even be an idea is buck fucking wide for a children's show to make it about tenure of all fucking things.
I mean, it's just, it's, it's just completely disconnected from the story that we were pitched at the beginning.
That's the big thing.
Right.
And so one of the big things about managing audience expectation, and I do think you see this with a lot of long running series, right?
Where even if the series remains really good throughout, if say season one begins with a promise and then season two, three, whatever opens and it has, is not, it's explicitly not fulfilling that promise.
You're going to disappoint people.
Right.
Lost.
Lost.
Like lost.
Or even, you know, it was garbage anyway.
I finally read it as an adult, but this is the reason that like when I was a kid and I was like prime age for the Harry Potter books as they were coming out, I get to the end of the sixth book.
They say, we're not going to school next year.
And I say, neither am I.
And I never read the seventh book.
Really?
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
I just didn't care.
Same.
Exact same here.
Yeah.
Wait, Josh, you never read the seventh book either?
And I have no desire to.
I mean, I super duper have no desire to now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Even back then I was like, this is not, we're not paying off the thing that was set up.
Like it's just, I didn't read it because it glorified the devil in his ways.
Okay.
Got it.
Yeah.
Sure.
Sure.
Sure.
Sure.
Sure.
Sure.
Sure.
I will say they do go to school at the end and there's a lot of camping in between.
I finally, I finally, I pirated it last year to read it so I didn't have to give her money.
Sure.
So don't read it.
It's not worth it.
But the most infuriating part is they go to school at the end and they find out what everybody else has been up to at school.
And you're like, man, why wasn't I here?
This is way better than what we were doing.
It genuinely sounds really cool.
What was happening?
Yeah.
Here's the thing.
The next thing that we're going to be talking about kind of has a lot of that same structural issue of we're going to hear a lot about things that have happened without actually seeing them happen.
And I am so excited because this is this really delves into the psyche of Paul McCusker in a way that he kind of has to keep the mask a little more on for Odyssey.
But this is adult fiction now.
Oh, yeah.
Recommended for, let me just check my notes, 15 and up, baby.
Yeah.
So stay tuned for some hardcore adult content right after this.
To the goon cave.
I remember the day my world ended.
You were standing in the corner of the room at some terrible orientation party.
Where the snack table had a vegetable platter with no dip.
And a single banner that read, Welcome, Class of 1906.
Which momentarily made me think I had forgotten how numbers work.
Just paying an eight on the end.
How hard is it to make a banner?
I was mere moments from putting down my cup of lukewarm lager and abandoning hope entirely.
But then, there was you.
Alone in the corner, swirling a glass of red wine like you actually knew something about red wine.
And wearing a three-piece suit complete with pocket watch and chain that you kept fiddling with absentmindedly.
A three-piece suit to a freshman year mixer.
I mean, who does that?
I don't believe in love at first sight.
But I do believe in intrigue.
And you, my friend, intrigued me.
You were studying the banner intently when I approached.
And I asked what it was like to be part of the graduating class of 1906.
You shrugged and said, Well, the harvest is plentiful.
And Septimus Severus is a pretty good Caesar, all things considered.
Shame about him trying to kill Claudius Albinus, though.
I replied.
You smiled.
Electric.
My, my, my.
A fellow student of history.
We're a dying breed, you and I.
I told you I was a fine arts major, actually.
You told me you were in theology.
I guess we both hate money, I said.
We laughed.
And talked.
And before I knew it, the party faded away.
And it was just you and me on the quad.
Laying in the cold grass, staring up at the stars.
You asked me if I believed in God.
I said I wasn't sure.
You smiled and said I was lucky.
Those who doubt always ended up having the strongest faith.
What do I call you, you asked.
Nick Nicaea, I said.
Well, Nick Nicaea.
My name is Karen J. Wyatt.
And I'm going to save the world.
And you want to know the worst part?
I actually believed you.
The clock ticked behind you.
That fucking clock always in the background.
You said it helped you think.
A metronome to give the chaos order.
Tick-tock.
Tick-tock.
Tick-tock.
It's good, you said.
Really good.
I beamed.
I hated how much I craved your approval.
And will it work?
Theoretically, I said.
The guys down in R&D seem to think so anyway.
Mary's over the moon for it.
You studied the design.
You always looked at every piece of paper like you were trying to burn a hole through it with your mind.
The interns whispered that you secretly did have that power, but I knew better.
I knew what you were doing.
You were looking for flaws, and I knew there weren't any.
The sequence is to my exact specifications?
To the minute.
Yes.
All right, you said.
Get it done.
I nodded and turned to leave.
Nick.
I turned.
I appreciate the work.
The work.
Did you know?
Even then, sitting in your golden tower, staring out at the world you wished to build,
did you know what it would cost?
And the question that keeps me up at night, the question that gnaws at my mind and claws at my soul, is...
Did you care?
I remember the day I found your little notebook, and all your little sketches.
Your designs.
Your plans.
I stormed into your office, Christina hot on my heels.
You waved her away.
Your eyes locked on the notebook.
The door shut behind her.
Tick tock.
Tick tock.
Tick tock.
I threw it on your desk.
Tick.
Provenance.
Odyssey.
Odenton.
Sites for three new stations.
Do you have any idea what kind of danger you're putting those people in?
The danger you've put us all in.
After what happened during the test.
After what happened to Mary.
What is wrong with you?
You sat in silence, trying to burn a hole in my head.
Answer me, Karen.
You took off your silver glasses, and you looked... old.
For the first time, I saw the years pile up, and I felt... pity.
In spite of myself.
Patmos owns the rights to the machine, you said.
We can do with it as we please.
For the good of the company.
For the good of the world.
Fuck the company!
Fuck the world!
What about me?
You stood up from behind your desk, your fingers coiling around the edges, your eyes burrowing
into mine.
You've doubted for so long, Nick.
Since the first day I met you, you've been plagued by doubt.
Hounded by it.
It must be exhausting.
But now, at long last, I'm asking you to take a leap of faith.
Because if you do this, if you trust in me, I promise you, you will never doubt again.
Please.
Your voice had changed, but your eyes hadn't.
And I realized for the first time that all those years ago, when you first saw me at that
party, you had found a flaw in me.
And you exploited it.
You used me.
And what's worse, I liked it.
I craved it.
I've wasted my life in the service of a monster, but that doesn't mean I can't make it right.
I remember the day my world ended, Karen.
But you, my friend, will never forget the day I end yours.
All right, everyone.
So just to survey the room, no one has ever heard the thing that we're about to talk about
today before this week.
Only in the sense that you have been bugging me about it forever.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
It's been on the list for a very long time.
I originally thought that Father Gilbert was the sequel to Gerbert.
Yeah.
But in fact, two very different.
It's Gerbert all grown up.
In Japan, they sold it as a sequel to Gerbert because of the similarities and the consonants
there.
Focus on the family in the mid-90s was like, okay, we got McGee and me done.
We've been rolling with Adventures in Odyssey.
Let's expand this.
Let's make this bigger.
You know, they still really wanted to be a media producer.
Nothing had really, nothing took really.
They wanted the cartoon to get like a real producer.
It never really happened, but they kept producing more of the cartoons of Adventures in Odyssey.
And just to sort of connect this to our last Wits Endless Summer, they had a lot of capital
to make this stuff happen.
Yes.
Because the Bundy tape raised the profile of both James Dobbs and the founder and focus
the organization so much that a whole bunch of people came in and started contributing
a lot of money to their organization.
We don't have all of their tax documents going back to the 80s, but like the, it looks like
the middle, late 90s are when focus on the family has the most revenue.
They had money that they could spend on perhaps some more pet projects of some of their writers
of Adventures in Odyssey.
So they decide to expand out.
And I think a lot of this was spurred by Paul McCusker himself because Paul McCusker
is living in the, in the UK and a lot of this production happens in the UK.
They make another radio show called Focus on the Family Radio Theater with an R.E.
So it's fancy.
And Adventures in Odyssey was not the beginning of their radio drama antics, right?
They did some other radio dramas that weren't necessarily kid oriented.
We listened a long time ago with our friend Ash Stoneman to Tilly, Frank Peretti's bizarre
abortion parable.
And Kevin, if you are wondering, yes, there are ghosts in that one.
Yes.
I have so many questions that I can't ask them without completely dealing with.
No, no, please, please.
Well, my first one is what?
Yeah, correct.
Okay.
Yeah.
Abortion parable with ghosts.
Yeah.
The ghost of the fetus.
Yeah.
So the idea is, but it's all grown up.
It comes back.
Yeah.
It's all grown up.
It's like a child.
Four.
And it comes back to haunt the, the woman who aborted, who had the abortion.
So it's a Rugrats situation, not a Rugrats all grown up situation.
No, but Irv Immerman, who played the professor in the last episode, was in Rugrats all grown
up.
What?
Yeah.
Radio theater is then kind of going back to that.
It's like, we don't want to just write things for kids.
We want to be able to, to spread our wings and fly.
And so we will do books on tape.
We will do original dramas and things like that.
So in 1996, November of 1996, Paul McCusker writes an adaptation of A Christmas Carol.
I've heard this one.
It's pretty good.
Okay.
I don't think I have, but it probably, it seems like it would be.
So they, they put that out.
Then in 1997, they put out a radio drama about Dietrich Bonhoeffer and that wins a Peabody
award for sound design.
Whoa.
We got some reputation going here.
All of the good or like all the best radio theater dramas were written by a guy named
Philip Glassboro.
I love his music.
I know.
I love the idea that it's Philip Glass working with his pseudonym.
He's dodging the union.
He's written a few like BBC four radio dramas and things like that.
So he wrote adaptations of Les Miserables.
That was one that I remember listening to as a kid.
I've heard that one too.
Very good.
It definitely leans a lot more on the priest at the beginning and the Christianity, but
it's, that's all there in the story.
Right.
So it makes sense.
Whatever.
He also does an adaptation of Silas Marner, which in my memory is maybe the best thing they
ever put out.
Later radio theater gets, they're like, oh, we need to cast somebody famous in this.
We'll do the screw tape letters with Andy Serkis and Bertie Carvel.
Really?
Yeah.
The whole thing ends in 2013 when McCusker leaves focus on the family.
Their biggest hits were the Chronicles of Narnia series.
I don't know if they got famous.
I haven't listened to those, but like they had a room over at the wits end in Colorado
Springs for Chronicles of Narnia.
You could walk through a wardrobe and just see it.
It had like two dinky things up on the wall.
It had a picture of Aslan.
It was awful.
The best way to describe it was like if you ever went to DZ Discovery Zone, it felt like
one of the private back rooms that they used.
That's exactly right.
That's exactly right.
That they did not clean or maintain in any way.
Correct.
Yes.
Yeah.
Don't go to focus on the family.
Yeah.
It's a bad one.
So Les Mis, the one that I remember listening to, which I think we got when it was new on
tape, a big box of tapes.
Oh, yeah.
That was produced in 2001.
Also produced in 2001 was Paul McCusker's own Father Gilbert Mysteries.
Oh.
The episode we're going to be listening to today is an episode called Dead Air.
It is the third Father Gilbert mystery.
The first three were released together in 2001.
All the way until 2013, there were about 10 Father Gilbert mysteries produced in total.
And in 2016 and 2018, I think, McCusker published two books about Father Gilbert.
If you go to Goodreads, they have very low ratings because the people reading them were
like, it was too dark and scary.
I don't really like it when there are demons and stories.
I was curious, by the way, when you mentioned that, if it was actually if it was focus who
published it.
And no, it was not.
No, he left folks on the family in 2013.
I guess he carried the copyright or got the blessing from folks on the family to keep working
on Father Gilbert without them.
Paul McCusker now works for something called the Augustine Institute, which is a Catholic
group in Colorado Springs and writes extended radio dramas about saints.
They're all about the saints.
It looks like these were published by an imprint called Lion Fiction, like the big cat.
I have no idea if that's just just a little like swipe, like a little paw when he said
lion.
Obviously, like this is a takeoff of classic detective novels.
You always want to have a detective who has a thing going on, right?
He's always going to have a quirk.
And so what if the quirk was he's a priest?
GK Chesterton thought this up in like 1910 with Father Brown.
It's been a very popular character over in the UK.
There was a Father Brown TV series in the 70s or the late 60s.
Whatever.
Same thing.
And there's a Father Brown series that's been running since like 2012 and is currently running
today.
There have been other priests.
Tom Bosley played a priest who solved mysteries.
There have been monks that solve mysteries, of course.
But, you know, Chesterton was getting in the priest mystery game first.
And he kind of took he was basically instead of doing Sherlock Holmes, he was kind of going
off of the original detective novels by Edgar Allan Poe, Monsieur Dupin, where he's like
he kind of talks people into confessing.
A lot of times the mysteries in a Father Brown story won't even happen until like the midpoint
and then someone dies.
And it's like, OK, let's let's figure out what all this is.
Well, and Kevin, I've got a question for you here, because, you know, in the first half,
we talked about something that is a sort of watered down baby's first mystery and very
intentionally so.
Whereas with Father Gilbert, Paul McCusker was really trying to, you know, do real gritty
like advanced or.
Yeah.
And first of all, I'm just kind of curious, like to hear you about your background beyond,
you know, Penumbra with mystery, like as a genre.
What has that looked like for you?
When I when I was a kid, I like, you know, my mother watches murder mysteries obsessively.
It's just about the only thing she watches.
So it was just like always in the background for me, Poirot especially.
And, you know, I've seen all of Monk several times at this point.
So the kind of beats of that are are in me.
And then, you know, I never really intended to write mysteries, actually, when I when I started
writing. But one of the things that I did after a while, after I'd written a couple
novels and I was like, these aren't these aren't working and I don't know why they're
not working and I want to figure it out was I started trying to study the page turner.
I started I like sat down with in the books that I picked up to do this were at mostly
like some of the noir classics, a lot of Raymond Chandler, a lot of Dashiell Hammett.
Agatha Christie or more on the like heavy noir side?
I started on the heavy noir side.
I have since studied some Agatha Christie and tried to figure out how she works.
It's funny that they're both in the same genre because in a lot of ways they don't
share much common tissue in terms.
Right.
That's kind of what I was wondering.
Yeah.
One of the things that I think is really compelling about noir and is weirdly, despite the fact
that aesthetically this mystery, that dead air feels more like an Agatha Christie, it is
attempting to run on the engine of something like noir.
And noir is specifically descended from like pulp adventure novels.
Right.
And the way that I've kind of tried to conceive it over time is a lot of mysteries.
They want you to be able to make educated guesses about what's going on over the course
of the story.
More or less, most classic noir doesn't give a shit.
It doesn't care if you can make those guesses.
It is an adventure story where the treasure the hero receives after each encounter is information.
And that is the engine it runs on.
It is a series of escapades where you are rewarded with information and you compound that information
into a conclusion that leads to the next thing.
That's the attempt here.
Yes, it is an attempt.
Yeah.
And we will talk about the various swings that it makes and whether or not it hits.
But I guess we might as well just start at the top.
Yeah.
Right.
It's really important to know that like your detective in this classic Conan Doyle, Edgar
Allen Poe, Agatha Christie way is going to be the smartest guy in the room, whether he
has quirks or not.
McCusker forgot to write any quirks here.
But Gilbert remains the smartest and also in this case, most virtuous person in the room.
I would argue that believing demons are real is kind of a quirk.
It's just that McCusker demons are real.
But but it's also they're my friends.
But McCusker does not believe this to be a quirk.
And that is pretty.
I think a huge fundamental failing of this is not realizing how weird your protagonist is.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, this this is more just like I am going to write something that is very serious that
also talks about the very real issue of spiritual warfare.
We talked about this again, just to bring up Frank Peretti again and those books that
we talked about, the idea of spiritual evil being an honest to goodness corporeal presence.
That's at the core of this thing.
And we even hear it a little bit up top.
We get like a sizzle reel to kick us off.
Yeah, they do a little montage that they do with Adventures in Odyssey where you just have
the hot lines from the episode.
This sounds like what plays before a knockoff DVD of like the Hunchback of Notre Dame,
but they had to change it.
It's like not Amblin Entertainment.
It's like Omblin Entertainment.
And it's a kid on a skateboard in front of the moon.
It's it's the Hunchback of Oom.
Yeah, this is this is like an imitation of a song.
I don't know how else to say it.
It's like it's a pastiche.
It doesn't get there.
It's like John Campbell is doing a parody of himself.
It's also like Father Gilbert has kind of its own theme song that sort of shows up as
a motif for like scene changes that sounds like the Close Encounters of the Third Kind theme.
Well, yeah.
And we get two guys sitting around to kick us off.
You're listening to Citywide Radio and we're back with Live Wire, the chat show that boldly
goes where no other chat show dares to go.
I'm William Barry and my guest, if you're just joining us, is, well, he's a bit unusual,
really.
A former London police detective who's now an Anglican priest in the tiny village of Stonebridge.
Father Louis Gilbert.
That sure is who he is.
Why are they interviewing this guy?
Why?
Why are they interviewing Father Gilbert?
Have you ever watched any show about a priest?
The priest always gets on the radio at some point.
It's true of Father Brown.
It's true of the Tom Bosley.
It's true of Father Ted.
But it's like it's supposedly like a chat show with like interesting people just like around.
Yeah, he's a homicide detective who became a priest.
That's interesting.
This is an extension of the issue that you were saying with Father Gilbert in general,
that he doesn't have a thing.
He doesn't have a person.
The show doesn't have a personality either.
Right.
Like what is what's the hook for this talk show?
Like what?
It's controversial.
Yeah.
But I know that not all writers agree with this, but I am very much of the opinion that
like if you've got a random cashier who has three lines in a scene, you should know
the cashier's name.
Right.
Like you like you don't need to know literally everything, but everybody has to be a person.
And this talk show host as a person who has created this property, I don't know anything
about him, which is embarrassing because I had to sit through his work for like what
felt like 20 minutes and was probably five.
He ends up being somewhat more important than he seems because he's not just the exposition
factory.
He has a thing that comes back towards the end of this mystery.
But right.
He is the fulcrum on which this whole thing turns.
What I will say shocking on one technical note, they do a fun little thing as it's going
from you're hearing the radio show on the radio to hearing it inside the studio is that
there's an in between point.
It doesn't just fade from one sound to the other.
It goes to a second little point.
That's almost like you're traveling through the wire itself until you're finally in the
studio.
I just wanted to give that dead eyed freak Dave Arnold a couple little points there.
Well, this is the thing about the sound design of all of this.
It's really quite sophisticated.
It's just in service of these really bizarre scripts.
Deeply.
Paul McCusker needs us to know about this.
He needs us to know about the first episode is about a guy who Father Gilbert overhears talking
about like how he's going to murder somebody.
And then it turns out Father Gilbert dreamt that he talked to this guy, but it's a real
guy.
And at the end of the whole thing, there is no murder that's about to happen.
But it turns out that his ex-girlfriend is pregnant and it could have been if he hadn't
gotten back with her at the end, she would have had an abortion.
What?
Yes.
Yes.
What?
Yes.
Oh my God.
Yes.
Okay.
Don't you understand?
I love this shit.
Yeah, I can see why.
I can see why.
If I hadn't listened to Dead Air, I would have assumed that you made all that up.
Right?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
And to the point of like how Paul McCusker needs you to know about things, he's not able
to be fully explicit about what the thing is, even to a more mature audience because
of the sensibilities of that audience.
And I think we hear this in the next clip.
Did you find the girl?
Yes, we did.
Unfortunately, by the time we found her, she was already caught up in the sleaze and
drugs of that area.
Yeah, but wait a minute though.
During the last break, you told me that you don't really consider the girl a runaway.
Well, no.
I think she was lured into a trap.
What kind of a trap?
Well, you have to understand, this girl was no ordinary runaway.
In fact, she was a very sweet and innocent girl.
She came from a loving Christian family.
So you think.
So I know.
I dealt closely with the girl's parents.
I saw firsthand what they were made of, how much they loved their daughter, what their
faith meant to them.
It was their faith during that terrible ordeal that made such an impression on me.
So what Gilbert is talking about here is the last case that he had as a detective, the
one that made him finally leave the force and become an Anglican priest.
It's establishing a couple of things.
One, it's showing who his monk's wife is.
This is the thing that has been haunting him for the past two episodes in the background.
And this is the episode that's going to face it head on.
And it's a young woman named Patricia.
Patricia Atkins.
And I've heard of the Atkins diet, but this is ridiculous.
Thanks, AJ.
And this also establishes that Father Gilbert is like Father Brown in that he is an excellent
judge of character.
That's what his big thing is.
He says, oh, they came from.
She came from a nice Christian family.
And the guy's like, oh, yeah, sure.
He's like, no, because I know them.
They really are a nice Christian family.
It's really important to all of this that we know that Father Gilbert's, by the way,
G.K. Chesterton.
What do you think the G in G.K. Chesterton stands for?
Is it Gilbert?
It sure is Gilbert.
It's not Gerbert.
It's not Gerbert.
Gerbert?
No.
Although, again, it's the same in the Katakana.
So his judgment has to be like the most important thing.
And you see this come up throughout all of the episodes, but especially here.
He's almost never wrong on his assessment of people.
In a way, this feels to me like the kind of mystery that an A.I. could write.
And what I mean by that is I do genuinely really get the sense that it's McCusker, right?
Paul McCusker has absorbed a lot of the genre, understands the rhythms of the genre and understands
the things that are said in a story like this.
But one of the ways in which he consistently does Father Gilbert dirty is that he knows
that some of these things need to be said for these scenes to function.
But he doesn't think through at all who is saying these things, which leads to situations
where you need someone to question the basic investigative procedure so that you can explain
it to the audience.
But it's always Father Gilbert doing it.
He doesn't understand anything about why they're doing what they're doing, which implicitly
makes him a moron.
He doesn't know anything about investigating a mystery.
And as a result, it becomes really confusing why we're following this guy.
Yes.
Yes.
Well, and he's equally flummoxed when some guy calls into the station who sounds very creepy.
What do you say?
Evil doesn't want to eliminate goodness.
If we eliminated all goodness, then what would be left to corrupt?
Corruption is what we love the most.
We?
Who is this?
Poor little Patricia.
Poor, poor Patricia.
Do you know what the caller is talking about, Father Gilbert?
What's the girl's name?
Patricia?
I won't discuss the details of the case.
Now, who is this?
Who or what?
Give us your name, caller.
You may call me Legion.
Well.
Oh!
Yeah.
Man, this is embarrassing.
This is not a good scare.
This is a demon.
Obviously, like, from the start, we know this is a demon talking to him.
And this is not creepy at all.
Fun fact, the actor playing this demon is an actor named Brian Deacon.
Okay.
Brian Deacon has had a lot of little roles here and there over the years, including a voice in Tropico 5 for our Tropico fans.
But he is Jesus in the Jesus film.
Like, the one that's been translated into 300.
The VHS one that was sent to your home?
Yes.
Oh, my God.
One made by Campus Crusade for Christ.
That is the Jesus from the Jesus film.
Kind of provocative casting.
It's kind of fun to get, like, the Jesus to play the Legion.
But this is supposed to be our big inciting incident, right?
Yeah, it sucks.
Like, we are supposed to be so excited and be like, who's he gonna be?
And so they trace the call to a council flat in Hammersmith because there's a guy named Carl Higgins who lives there.
And they make a big deal about, like, but that didn't sound like Carl.
Yeah, but it was his house that it was coming from.
Okay.
And it takes forever.
It takes so fucking long to get any of that information.
So much of the clipping of this show, because this is an hour and 15 minute long episode.
And it feels longer, folks.
And Paul McCusker was like, no one will ever edit me ever again.
He has no dramaturg present.
And he makes every dialogue either loops or just sort of bounces back to the same beat over and over again.
Someone asking, what do you mean?
And then someone restating shit.
This just happens all the time.
So I had to cut so many of these the middles out of these clips.
For me, this is another example of, you know, McCusker, like knowing the rhythms of the genre, but not understanding why any of it's there.
And so part of it is that he understands that in this genre, you end scenes with a stinger, right?
That is how you exit a scene.
But he cannot find the stinger at all.
Which is actually kind of strange, because in Avengers and Odyssey, I think he usually pulls it off.
I'm not saying it's great writing, but like understand he mechanically understands what the purpose of a stinger is.
So, like, how did he miss the boat so bad on here?
He's like, I don't have to do.
There are no commercial breaks.
So fuck it.
I don't need stingers anymore.
I don't need any of you motherfuckers.
But then what happens is that everything just kind of stays on the same line throughout the whole thing.
Kevin, one of the things I love about listening to Juno Steel is that every single thing is punctuated by like a big sequence, either a chase sequence or a confrontation of some kind.
Right when we get to like a very important point of like the mystery, right?
When we find out a little bit more information.
There is something there that keeps you engaged so that you want to keep going.
And like the danger is up.
The stakes are upped.
And it is maddening listening to this and have the stakes remain the same the entire time.
The way he amps up stakes is having Legion call back and say the same thing again about how the stakes are risen.
And I'm like, well, I guess you are Jesus.
But like, come on, man.
Just imagine like some fucking horror movie that's just called Star Six Nine.
I mean, AJ, to that point, though, like I think that like he one of the traps that he's falling for is bizarrely what I would associate as being a beginner writer trap.
This is a thing that I when I would teach creative writing and when I was a high school teacher that I would see a lot of kids bump into and we would talk about, which is you writing the story.
You probably care about your character because they live in your head.
Right.
But you need to do a lot of work to sell that character and that character situation to other people.
And part of how you have to do that is you need to translate some of their key emotional moments and peaks into a common language.
Right.
Right.
So one of my favorite really concrete examples of this is like, you know, as a kid watching Star Wars, I didn't understand any of the political stuff going in the background.
I didn't really understand who the rebels or the empire were.
I just knew those were words people said.
But structurally, the thing that the, you know, I am your father moment does is it instead of having this incredibly abstract cross galactic conflict, you turn into a family conflict.
Yep.
Which is something that we can understand.
You translate into terms that we can get.
McCusker never bothers with this.
It's clear that he's sniffing Father Gilbert's farts all the time.
He loves this man.
And he doesn't understand why we don't.
But I feel like he's trying to make it a family conflict because he ends up going and talking to this fucking family.
Right.
Remember Patricia?
Right.
The one who died?
Well, rather than like maybe, I don't know, getting a flashback to what it looked like in those moments before she died, we get this like cross examination sequence.
Well, when I told her we'd been looking for her as a runaway, she became upset and annoyed with me for interfering.
She begged me not to tell her parents where she was.
Why?
If she was from such a loving family?
Well, I think she was ashamed of her situation, of whatever had led her to Soho.
I don't think she felt she could go back.
And she said that he wouldn't like it, that he would cause trouble for her entire family.
Who was the he she referred to?
I don't know.
I asked, but she wouldn't say she seemed trapped.
We have not met her.
We don't know anything about her other than she was.
And I'm quoting the original William Barry, the host of Livewire here.
A good girl gone bad.
So sad.
So sad.
That's all you learn about her over the course of this.
Other than like, I don't know.
Other than things that were done to her.
Other than things that happened to her.
You don't get like a sense of who she was or how she changed or anything.
It also doesn't help that the voice actor for Gilbert is just delivering every line at this very ponderous pace.
You know why?
Why?
Because he's, again, not an actor.
You make this guy the fucking anchor of your radio drama series.
This is Adrian Plass.
He is a Christian humorist from the UK.
Oh, no.
For God's sake.
Wow.
And he's, I mean, he's a public speaker.
He reads lines well enough, but he's not an actor.
And again, even if a writer doesn't have a quirk, a good actor can come in and at least give some friction to the character.
Maybe some aspect of their performance sort of plays against the blandness.
But that just doesn't happen here.
And you also don't have a separate director.
Paul McCusker is directing his own writing and he's hired his friend, Adrian Plass, who is not an actor, to play this role.
I don't have violent impulses ever.
Really?
However, I repeatedly wanted to flush this man's head.
Yeah.
Really badly.
He's such an intolerable dork at all times.
He's turning us all into bullies.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it like it's in.
I mean, so, yes, we do get this attempt at showing that he cares and at showing his past history, but partially because it's him telling the story.
It's not only informed characterization, it's informed characterization from the source, which ultimately like where he's not actually showing anything he can do.
It at best to me feels like a humble brick.
Yeah.
Right.
Like it doesn't.
It's substanceless.
I don't buy any of it.
Not even when we learn how sad it was for him when Patricia, I forgot her name, went off and committed suicide after he talked to her.
And but he thinks it wasn't a suicide.
That didn't do anything for you.
But has he gone to visit his they go to visit like the friend of his, the former like cop friend of his.
We're about to get there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The thing that jumped out to me about that is just that he doesn't emotionally, he doesn't appear to care like the there's there's nothing there.
Yeah.
To the point where in the same scene, the coroner complains that he's lost his day off in the corner legitimately seems more upset about losing his day off than Gilbert is about losing like his former friend and coworker.
GK Chesterton has the same problem with with Father Brown, where Father Brown is like too much of the smartest guy in the room.
Every once in a while, Brown will say something insane like he's trying to figure out if a cult leader is sincere.
And he's like, well, you see, he's he's drinking wine.
Somebody who loves wine is always sincere.
And you're like, what the fuck is that talking about?
And it's not even like a quirk in the way that GK Chesterton sees it.
It's like that's just what GK Chesterton himself thinks of people.
I wanted to point to something, Kevin, that you had mentioned, which is just his general lack.
Gilbert's general lack of like emotional response.
Yeah.
Right.
I did want to roll that clip when we learned that, like, Patricia, that's her name.
I had to write it in the corner of my notes so that I always have it.
I've had it tattooed on my forehead.
Oh, you shouldn't have done that.
Anyway, just listen to this shit.
But I want you to know I tried to find Patricia's killer.
But I was told by my superiors it was a closed case as a suicide.
I was forbidden to investigate it further.
There's no need to trouble yourself about that part of it, Gilbert.
What do you mean?
Doesn't sound trouble.
There was never a chance that you were going to solve the case properly.
Everyone was against you.
Higgins, your superiors, their superiors.
What?
You weren't meant to find her.
He what?
And since you did find her, then I believe she had to be taken out of the picture.
You think she was murdered?
It wouldn't surprise me.
We're dealing with something bigger than you can imagine.
Oh, I have quite an imagination.
If you were still a police officer, I could tell you what I know.
But you're a civilian now.
Now, wait a minute.
Stay close, Father Gilbert.
Don't go back to Stonebridge without letting me know.
We'll need to talk further.
So this woman talking is an investigator.
She seems like she's partly doing like internal affairs stuff because she's like, oh, all these
people are corrupt.
When Higgins was found dead, she was like, oh, yeah, I've been investigating him for taking bribes.
And this is one of the rare moments.
And it's so weirdly underdeveloped.
Like they don't they don't put any kind of punctuation on it where Gilbert is like he would never take bribes.
I know how he is.
And we're supposed to understand Gilbert as this excellent judge of character.
And the next scene, it's like, yeah, here's the paperwork for all the fucking bribes.
It turns out he took a bunch of bribes.
His entire fucking life.
Which again could in a better bit of writing could set up.
Oh, maybe the things I know about her family are not quite what I think they are either.
Maybe I am fallible in some way, but no, like in this is sort of what you were saying, Kevin, like he's he's too perfect.
He's too upright.
He's too good.
Yeah.
And I do think that one of the traps that this falls for is that, like, you know, informed characterization is to an extent cheating, but but it can work.
It can work really, really well.
One of my favorite examples of this is is Han Solo, actually.
Right.
Like Han Solo has this massive reputation for being like super cool, super functional, super competent.
But I challenge you to go back and watch those three movies and find a single thing he does right.
That is not him solving a problem that he created.
Right.
He never does anything correctly ever.
They fell into the trap later on of buying into his bullshit.
But it makes so much more sense when he's just a fucking bullshitter.
It makes you love him.
Yeah.
Right.
And I but I do think that part of the reason that he can get away with this reputation for coolness is because there's very little to contradict actually present to contradict this informed characterization.
The mistake that dead air keeps making to kind of point out what you were saying is that it's insisting that.
Oh, my God, I'm constantly forgetting his name.
I've got to cop to the fact that in my notes, I accidentally call him Father Gascoigne, like from Bloodborne.
Like whatever you want, baby, it's a werewolf.
I don't fucking care how much you want.
Much more fun show.
It's insisting that he's this incredible judge of character that he can just see through situations, but it's proving it wrong and hamstringing it constantly, which leads to at best we can identify him as a fraud.
And then like, why are we here again?
His partner Higgins is living in government housing.
Yeah.
And the fact that McCusker really underlines that the devil is calling from government housing.
Yeah.
I think is very important to his worldview.
And the way that they depict squalor in this is it feels like a few steps actually down.
It's Dickensian.
There's like a kid crying in the next room over.
There's a woman coughing?
That's it.
That's it.
That's all it is.
It's just a woman coughing.
It's Deus Ex.
They just hear a...
Well, Deus Ex, you still have people like fucking in one of the rooms.
You have like dripping...
There's no water sounds.
You could have pipes running.
No, it's just one woman coughing and you know that this is hell on earth.
Odyssey would not have standards that low.
No, it's bad.
But to the point of things that are bad, we get like the forensics tech who does his little
zoom enhance on the audio recording.
And this is what that sounds like.
I was using a digital filter to play around with the sound on the tape from the broadcast
and I found one very weird but interesting thing.
In the background, behind our man talking, I...
Well, let me play it for you.
Had he left her alone, she might have lived.
She might not have committed such a desperate act.
That's what you heard yesterday, right?
Yeah, but what's all the noise in the background?
I don't remember that.
I was wondering the same thing.
So I used the digital filter to hear it more clearly.
Talk faster.
This is what I found.
For the love of fucking God.
I am begging you.
Poor, poor girl.
Let me in.
It's what she deserves.
Poor, poor girl.
Good idea.
Poor, poor girl.
Let me in.
It's what she deserves.
Poor, poor girl.
That's creepy.
Is it some sort of bleed-through on the tape?
Or maybe the radio or television was on in Higgins' apartment?
Or maybe.
But it doesn't really sound like the radio or TV, does it?
Well, they sound like him, doing different voices all at the same time.
It could be a soundtrack.
These are the same voice.
He recorded himself over and over
and then played it in the background when he talked to us.
Well, that's possible too.
But why?
To impress us.
He said his name was Legion, a group of demons.
He came up with some sound effects to push the point.
He did a good job as far as I'm concerned.
You have to stop.
You have to stop.
I cut 30 to 40 seconds.
I cut 30 to 40 seconds out of that clip.
That's insane.
Because the first time they play the tape,
where you hear the message that he sent earlier,
you just hear the whole thing.
That's right.
So I just shot that out.
Hey, listeners.
An hour and 16 minutes of that.
So I got to cop to something about listening to this thing,
which is, like you said, it's an hour and 15 minutes long.
I think all told, I spent maybe two and a half hours listening to this.
Me too!
Because I kept spacing out.
Yeah.
I would just be in my friggin' mind palace
in a much more interesting place.
And then I'd come back and I'd be like,
God, do you want to listen to this thing?
Yeah.
In my mind palace, there's a single woman
coughing behind a door somewhere.
And that's how you know it's fucked up.
I, you know, I mastered this show a certain way.
We know that people listen to this while doing other stuff.
They're cooking, they're showering, they're vacuuming, whatever.
Well, maybe not vacuuming, that's loud.
But you know what I mean.
They're gooning.
They're gooning.
Yeah, they're in the goon cave.
You got your porno on one screen.
You got your podcast on the speakers.
You've got your infinite running game on the other screen.
And this was designed for one purpose,
and that is people driving and nothing else.
Because it needs exactly the amount of attention
that you can get it while you are driving on the road.
And even then, they also seem to know
that people will forget stuff,
so they keep explaining things over and over and over again.
Right.
It's an imitation of the genre
without understanding how the genre works.
Yeah.
Right.
The CSI thing is a thing that happens in these stories,
so I guess we're doing it.
It's kind of the entire justification here.
Yeah.
But the CSI thing is not translated into anything
that has any kind of emotional or intellectual resonance with us.
It almost does, honestly,
when they're going through that bizarre-sounding replay of the tape.
And for me, that's completely deflated
when that ends and someone says,
that was creepy.
Yeah.
And it's like, yeah, no shit, man.
Like, I knew.
Like, let me in is a little scary.
And it's like, okay.
And then they flatten it.
The thing about the CSI moment is that it's a moment
that felt familiar to me
because it's exactly what The Perfect Witness is.
It's literally just zooming in on audio
that we had heard before
and uncovering new stuff behind it.
However, what I'm going to say is that there is a difference here
because A Perfect Witness, it was expressionistic.
It was someone going through their own memories
and they're kind of floating around there.
Here, it's just science fiction.
It is just like you said, Josh.
It's Zoom enhance.
It's doing something.
It's Brian, quote,
one of the techno wizards down at the lab.
Yeah.
A line that Paul McCusker actually wrote into this script
who has two of the, like, jokes.
He's just doing something that's, like, really impossible.
He's taking a voice, running it through the filter,
finding the same voice behind it,
saying different things,
and we're able to hear it clearly.
But what this leads to is this one final sound
with the let me in and with everything else
where he says...
Poor on frith.
That one.
Poor on frith.
How does he get that information out of there?
I'm not hearing that.
Because it sounds like he's saying poor thing,
and that's something where you could be using the tools
of audio production at your disposal,
where something sounds like two different things
at the same time, like in a search party.
But instead, they don't.
Yeah.
It's interesting that, like,
they do set up frith street earlier
in a scene with the Bob Hoskins character
that's not Bob Hoskins,
and they say frith street,
and I took a note on it
because I thought they were just mispronouncing fifth.
No, frith.
Frith is a famous street.
Frith is a famous street, I guess, in London.
But I'm sorry, in Soho.
Soho.
Soho.
Soho.
Depending on which Brit is talking,
we do two completely different pronunciations.
Yeah, Father Gilbert played by Stephen Toast.
Yeah, and this is awesome.
Down in Soho.
God, this is also the point where I took the note,
what if everyone in Zodiac huffed glue?
Yeah.
Well, look, we still have to check in on our morals.
This is important.
I hope we're all feeling morally grounded
because if we're not...
Because of our good moral parents,
our good Christian parents.
Yeah, we need to hear about them,
and this is talking with Patricia's parents
about her morals.
When Patricia ran off,
Mr. Magnusson was suddenly a saint to us.
He was so concerned
and said he'd do all he could to find her.
But after she died,
I began thinking of little things,
things I didn't dare mention later.
Like what, Mrs. Atkins?
Why, he teased her.
I mean, Mr. Magnusson teased Patricia,
called her Miss Goody Two-Shoes,
and what a straight Christian she was.
Oh!
It was as if our churchgoing was a joke to him,
as if he didn't believe that people could live that kind of life
and mean it.
Patricia once hinted that Mr. Magnusson
had made advances to her,
if you know what I mean.
Oh.
You remember, Simon?
Would that mean indeed I do?
I was all set to go over and clobber him.
In all Christian love, of course.
Of course.
But you stopped me.
I thought it must have been some sort of misunderstanding
that Patricia had misunderstood what he meant
or what he'd said, that's all.
But now I'm...
Now?
I've wondered about it.
It was as if there were two sides to the man.
On one hand, we didn't trust him.
And yet he did things for us, for Patricia,
that seemed like godsends.
What do you mean?
Well, Mr. Magnusson was able to get Patricia
an internship with Parliament.
They then go on to explain what an internship is
for some reason?
For their adult audience?
What?
That's the thing.
I feel like if this is for adults,
don't explain all this.
But he has just been writing for Odyssey so long,
it's poisoned his brain.
He planned to make advances towards her,
if you know what I mean.
If you know what I'm saying.
Yeah, of course I know what you mean.
That's not an ambiguous statement.
Also, why would you not lead with that?
Like, it's like,
oh, he's called her a goody-two-shoe,
also he molested her.
And I'm like,
what the fuck are you talking about?
Magnusson was this PM
that got Scotland Yard or whatever
to start investigating the missing persons case.
Otherwise, it would have never even been investigated.
Like, you don't know who this guy is,
and now the only thing you know about him
is that he's a horrible pervert,
which then means that any subsequent interaction
you have with him
is going to be colored by that.
It goes back to the thing
that you were saying earlier
about how, like,
he can only put Father Gerbert in a good way,
which means that he can only put the bad guys
in a bad way.
It's the same problem going the other way, I think.
And the bad guys always have to make fun of you
for your Christianity.
Yeah.
In a country with a state religion.
The thing that really,
that really bothers me about that,
beyond it, just like,
again,
again,
I didn't grow up with,
with any media like this.
So,
the fact that
somebody wrote this down
and, like,
thought people worry about this
was completely alien to me
on the one hand.
But on the other,
it's, you know,
first impressions are everything
when you are establishing a character.
And having the first impression
be a character assassination
is, like,
Yeah.
actually a really compelling hook,
but you need to have the reversal afterwards.
Yeah.
Yes.
If you don't have the reversal,
then, frankly,
there's no reason for Magnuson
to appear in this story.
You can completely skip him
because we've learned everything about him.
He's done.
Well, I think that what McCusker
was trying to do here
was frame up Magnuson
as the primary suspect.
Mm-hmm.
But again,
mechanically not quite understanding
what you would need to do
to draw the connection
between this,
that,
and the other thing
because he doesn't really have
a motivation
or anything like that
for the potential murder
that we know of.
Really,
all we're getting out of this
is the thing of, like,
well, Christians sure are persecuted,
aren't they?
Yep.
And I think that's the piece
you were picking up on, Kevin.
There is a place for storytelling
that works in extremely broad strokes
like this.
I'm not saying that
that's inherently flawed,
but one of the benefits
to working in broad strokes
is that you can then go really fast,
right?
Yeah.
You can nail down
the, like,
kind of mythic swipes
at what is going on here,
and you can have
your good versus evil war,
but then, for God's sake,
don't, like,
make me sit through
what feels like half an hour
and probably was for me
because I kept on having to rewind
because I kept spacing out.
Okay, here's the thing, Kevin.
People need to know
what an internship is.
The whole thing hinges on this.
You're telling me
that you didn't want to go back
to the lab with Murphy again?
Come on.
Oh, my God.
I've done my time with Murphy.
Me and Murphy,
we're done.
He's a techno wizard,
let me tell you.
They do interrogate Magnuson.
He's lying about something,
and it's like...
Completely useless scene.
But what?
Is he lying about?
Yeah, like,
yeah, he just lies.
They get no information
of any sort.
It's like two minutes long,
and they could have
just not had the scene entirely.
Great, great.
Anyway, fun.
Let's get part two
of Murphy in the lab,
shall we?
Brace yourselves.
Why?
Well, I was analyzing
the second tape,
the one you found
under the dead man's pillow,
yeah?
Here's how it sounded
at first.
Dear Father Gilmore...
And we do it again!
We do it the fuck again!
But slow and efficiently corrupting.
Look at poor Higgins.
Look at him.
It took him all these years
to realize
he was better off
dead than alive.
Poor Higgins.
And then I thought
I heard some bleed through,
almost like a broadcast tape.
Oh, did you?
Like the first...
So I put it through
the same chorting process.
Here's what you're not hearing
in the background.
What shall we do
with the girl?
We can do whatever we want.
She's ours.
She's ours,
but her time
is running out.
Do you understand,
Father?
Terrific.
Now, wait a minute.
I listened to that tape
over and over again.
I didn't hear
anything like that.
Well, this is the thing
that's bothering me.
I didn't hear it
at first either.
Okay.
But then the more
I listened,
the more I could hear
those voices
in the background.
It was as if
they were getting louder
each time I played the tape.
Oh!
That would be fun
if that was a thing
that we were actually doing
in this story.
I am losing my mind.
I want to do
a mental health check-in
with everyone right now.
How are we feeling?
Sure, okay.
Okay, so here's the thing.
Here's the thing,
Josh.
Brian?
Brian?
I hate you.
I hate you so much.
I hate that you've
done this to us.
Yeah.
And I know
that's a problem
because the more
I say that,
the more happy you get.
And I don't like
you feeling happy.
Here's the thing, AJ.
No matter how much
you hate me,
it can never be
as much as I hate me.
Yeah, that is.
And you keep thinking
you're going to get
to the top of that summit
and you never will.
And I will always win.
Yeah.
There are two things
I'm thinking about
at this very particular moment.
One, Gilbert just being like,
hey, Murphy,
can you just like
listen to all the tapes
and then just deliver
all this information
at the same time?
No, there are different tapes.
See, that's the thing.
You're actually just
missing something, AJ.
Yeah, they found a new tape.
These are different tapes.
Every time Father Gilbert
finds a new clue,
there's a tape there?
It's an immersive symbol.
Oh my God.
And they're just walking around
leaving recordings
of their voices
and tape recorders.
I'm like fucking system shock.
I want you to imagine
playing Dead Space
and every time you get
an audio log,
you have to bring it
to a third party
to translate it back to you.
And that's the tedium of this.
The second thing
I'm thinking of
is that Father Gilbert's parish
is just sitting
in the pews
waiting for him
to get back.
Yeah.
Refusing to move
for the entirety
of this investigation.
That's right.
He's got a whole congregation
to look after,
doesn't he?
And at a certain point,
it's going to get dark
and the wolves
are going to come out
and what will become
of them then?
Wolves love churches.
That's the first place
they go.
In all-you-can-eat buffet.
Follow up on the
four-on-frith thing.
We learn what the meaning
of that is.
Do we have to play
the clip, Brian?
Do we have to?
That one's only
30 seconds long.
Okay.
Four-on-frith.
Why?
What does it mean?
Oh, it was an old password.
Password?
To what?
Here's not Bob Hoskins.
It was a gentleman's club
over near Whitehall.
Posh.
You know,
all the bigwigs went.
It was called
The Legion.
Ah.
I had a guy
who worked for me.
He used to be
a waiter for the place.
Cleared tables mostly.
And boy,
the stories he could tell.
Music,
dancing,
drugs,
girls.
Anyway,
four-on-frith
was the password
to get in.
I don't know why
I had to say it twice.
That was 30 seconds.
That clip was 30 seconds.
Oh, my God.
I just love the,
oh, the things.
Oh, we're getting,
we're getting real edgy
over here.
Girls,
dancing.
And if you want to talk
about like family-friendly
noir,
that actually is
fairly well-trod.
I know you guys did
an episode on
Who Framed Roger Rabbit
recently.
Yeah.
That is tied
for my number one movie
of all time,
partially because it does
something on the script level
that I find
really impressive,
which is,
it is both a parody
of a genre
and it is an incredibly
good example of that.
Yes,
yes,
absolutely.
And this cannot operate
on that level.
Again,
it understands the sound
of a noir mystery.
It understands the beats
of one,
but it is,
it's living on another planet
in terms of stakes,
right?
It feels like it cannot
communicate with us humans
in that sense.
Well,
what if I told you
that they find
another cassette tape?
What if I told you
that shit?
I feel like it's a bad sign
if your audio drama
could be converted
into like a Left 4 Dead 2 mod.
Where like,
okay,
where you get to the safe house
and at the end
of every level
and you get a cassette tape
as your little carrot.
Well,
it turns out
that in this story,
Magnuson is getting
blackmailed.
Oh!
Yeah,
they go to the old
Legion Club
and it's empty
and there's just like
a mattress in the corner
and the mattress
has a bunch of
nude pictures of Magnuson.
He has become nude
with all kinds of ladies.
Compromising photographs.
They have to go all
haze code
and kind of tiptoe
around what it's saying
and that comes
with another tape.
Yep.
And this tape
is the most G.K. Chesterton
out of all these things
where McCusker's trying
to really turn this
into some sort of dialogue
about good and evil
but there is
zero substance here.
Just take a listen.
Evil corrupts.
And then
it consumes
what it corrupts.
Its appetite
is enormous.
Okay.
We want not only
bodies and minds.
Those things are easy.
Ooh, is it souls?
Do you want souls?
We want more.
Yeah?
Souls?
Ask yourself
why, Father Kelvin?
Is it for a soul?
Why is this happening now?
Do you want souls
for that?
But you better hurry
to find the answer.
Time
is running out.
Oh yeah, Magnuson's daughter
is also kidnapped
and she's dying
or whatever.
Right, right.
And that's the thing.
That's the other big thing, right?
The way they tell you
that the stakes are raising
is they're just like
running out of time
but they never give
a time frame
and they never
clearly articulate
what is even happening
that would require
the time to be taken down.
Like is she in an acid bath?
Like is there like
a string that's holding her
over a cliff
that will burn
once the candle goes through it?
Like what is happening
to these girls?
This happens in Father Gilbert
in other episodes
where it's like
someone's in a cabin
but he at least
like establishes
oh yeah, this guy
needs medication.
Oh sure.
You need to find
the cabin somewhere.
But this also happens
a lot on Odyssey
especially 2010's Odyssey
is like someone's
in a cabin somewhere
you gotta find them.
Fuck yeah.
Well I mean
I think that this is
this is a common
writing mistake too
that like I think
the thing that people
misunderstand about stakes
in terms of how we
take them in as an audience
is that immediacy
always beats severity.
Right?
Yeah.
The example that I would
always use
with my creative writing classes
is if you imagine
two stories right
one in which a meteor
is gonna hit the earth
and destroy it completely
in 400 years
and one in which
you have a math test
in 30 seconds
and you did not study for it
the second one
makes your stomach drop.
The first one sucks
but it's not like
it's not tense
and so that is why
you need to translate
everything into
even if it's a larger scale thing
like something's gonna happen
to this girl
right?
You need to be able
to tell me
what's that mean
in the next five minutes?
What do I need to do
right now?
Usually in procedurals
that's what makes them tick
mechanically
is that you get
the next clue
and the clue
gives you the payoff
of you need to be
in this place
by this time
or else I will
blah blah blah blah
Yeah.
It's this weird thing too
because it also doesn't
just thinking about it
very logically
and straightforwardly
it doesn't make sense
that the guy
would leave a tape there
not knowing how long
it would necessarily
even take
for Father Gerbert
to get to the fucking place
you know?
Like it's like
what is the plan here?
Yeah.
What is the bad guy's plan?
That's the other thing
that I got completely
fucking lost on
was like
what is supposed
to be happening
in an overarching sense
plot wise?
What are we racing against?
Well but that's because
Paul McCusker
always also wants
to have some big themes
in here.
He's always approaching
these stories
in the way that people
would approach
like social drama.
Right?
The first one
like I said
had like this abortion
thing going on
that was like a sort
of stealth abortion plot
until like the last
five minutes
where like one character
is like
yeah I've just been
feeling very sick lately
and you're like
oh my god
just say she's pregnant
we get it.
Here he wants to make
this larger comment
about sin
and about like
sex trafficking
and how it corrupts
the soul
and how also demon
possession is real
and here is how it happens
it's not like
in a William Peter Blatty novel
and he's trying to do
all of that
weirdly this should be
more interesting than that
because he's trying to do
all these things
but it's not
and he talks about
in that tape
the demon is like
oh yeah being
how evil claims you
how evil corrupts you
and in the thesis of this
it's these girls
or like Higgins
committing suicide
because of the demons
because they have allowed
the evil that has been
inflicted upon them
to corrupt them
and I thought
this was a really
interesting point
of comparison
we can compare
Patricia Atkins
in Father Gilbert
to say
Laura Palmer
in Twin Peaks
someone who
whose life
goes off the rails
who is a victim
of sex trafficking
and sexual abuse
who gets addicted
to drugs
who's also
dealing drugs
who gets involved
in all of this
kind of stuff
but is not considered
to be
a literal lost soul
in fact
she's kind of like
this incorrupt soul
even up to the point
of her death
and afterwards
and she's so important
to the rest of the plot
but like
the way that
McCusker views the world
is like
these girls are still
committing this sexual sin
and so
man it's over for them
he even says at one point
she could have been a saint
but she wasn't
too bad
we get to the point
where like Higgins
didn't kill himself
surprise
yeah there's a re-autopsy
Higgins
remember Higgins
of course you don't
autopsy too
let's just get back in there
yeah
they found him
with razors
that weren't their own
but they were all
the same brand of razors
for every victim
and it turned out
Higgins didn't kill himself
he was poisoned
and then the person
who poisoned him
then slid his wrists
after he died
I cannot stress enough
how none of that matters
doesn't matter
in terms of the overall mystery
like the fact that he was poisoned
was like
it's like getting to the end
of the book of Eli
and finding out that
Denzel Washington's character
was blind the whole time
it changes nothing
of what you've seen
we're learning now too
that like the main bad guy
his name is Dr. Plussier
I guess
it's French for group of people
so it's loosely translatable
as Legion
yeah
we figure out the sound
under another fucking tape
it turns out that
I'm not going to play this one
it's two minutes long
I'm not going to play it
I'm sorry
no
it turns out that
it was a radio play
that was recorded
to the tape
that sounded like mooks
and they were like
oh yeah
remember that father
no it was a radio play
about two guys
who killed someone
and they were talking
to their father
that's right Brian
meaning a dad
and they recorded
and the tape
was from the radio station
that Father Gilbert
went on
at the beginning
and then the pinball wizard
from the lab
tells Father Gerbert
about the production tones
at the beginning of the tape
but you don't hear
the production tones
and the thing is
the tones could be
an important thing
to a creepy horror plot
but again
they throw it out the window
they throw the aesthetics
out the window
because
nothing
god damn it
we got a fucking
we got a soul to save here
that's right
it also turns out
that Dr. Plussier's real name
is Dr. Bouvier
because at this point
why not
no I actually have an answer
to this one
oh do you
tell me please
there was a doctor
earlier in this episode
named Dr. Simpson
and Bouvier
is Marge's maiden name
which means
you're right
you're right
oh my god
I hate that
oh my god
finally have fucking proof
his real name
is actually
if you combine
both of those names
and then it's Bussier
Bussier
a Bussier
is what I use
to prop up my Bussier
it turns out
by the way
just to tie the last
plot piece together
because I know
you're all tracking this
you're on the edge
of your seat
and I'm on the seat
of my edge
in the caves
welcome to the caves
it turns out
that the guy
who called in
at the beginning
was actually a hoaxer
who was known to
and employed
by the radio station
yeah he was a radio
he was Dr. Drew
that's right
so
but he's Dr. Boovie
he's Dr. Bussier
so Dr. Bussier
the killer
has just been
waiting
for Father Gilbert
to come on the show
for years
so that he can do
his final greatest prank
and kill everyone
that he knows
they all get back
together at the station
to talk about
what they learned
how's the girl
Father Gilbert
oh physically
she's in pretty good shape
but emotionally
she's a mess
we've learned some very
serious things here
did she really run away
from home
yes
did you say why
she received a tip off
about her father
in his various clubs
the Legion
wasn't the only one
he belonged to
oh no
he's been involved
in a whole string
of them
worse
she looked on
Magnusson's computer
at home
and she found
an entire disk drive
of pornography
what
he couldn't
he couldn't do
the illegal kind
of pornography
it's just regular
pornos
that's not worse
than being involved
in human trafficking
which he was
he was actually
trafficking
teenage girls
and then she found
out that he had
like a subscription
to Brazzers
at this point
we're pretty close
to the end of the episode
and when I was listening
to this for the first time
they got to that line
and I literally
had to pause
and take a walk
yes
the fact that
like
her entire motivation
for starting this mystery
is like
I found dad's
Pornhub account
is
I can't
it's so funny
however
this all makes sense
if you're the kind
of person
that we were
that also
watched the Ted Bundy
interview
if you listen
to our last
Wits Endless Summer
all of this
connects
because it's
true crime
magazines
pornos
pornos
with penetration
in them
and then you're
killing women
that's right
yeah
that's the natural
order of things
I had utterly
lost the thread
at this point
I had no idea
what was going on
fucking
and this is not
the end
no
there's the lady
there's a lady
who's you know
Sherlock's
landlady
from fucking
you know
in Father Ted
you know
they have the lady
that's always
pouring tea
even if they
don't want it
especially if they
don't want it
so
here we have
Mrs. Mayhew
she's his
whatever
house lady
or whatever
she's a main
character in all
the other episodes
but since he was
in London
she wasn't there
she's played
by June Whitfield
who is in the
Carry On movies
she was the mom
in Ab Fab
and she
at the time
of this recording
was just finishing up
playing Miss Marple
on BBC 4
which she had been
doing for like
eight years
at that point
oh wow
this conversation
ends up being
like the theme
right
of the whole show
so
here we go
I can't help
but think about
the various
lessons I received
from the doctor
about evil
the doctor
the man is obviously
off his rocker
why listen to him
because he may be
right
so why does she
know everything
about this case
already
there's more to evil
than I've allowed
in my thinking
in my beliefs
have you ever
stopped to ask
yourself
if people can
really be
possessed
like they are
in the movies
no like on TV
not like the movies
but what if
Dr. Plussier
or Bouvier
or whatever he's
called
is the embodiment
of a demon
what if he was
an average person
like you or me
who opened himself
up to evil
and it took control
of him
what if man
I'm sorry Father Gilbert
but I'd rather not
have this conversation
men possess the power
to do evil
but I do not believe
evil powers
can possess men
mmm
mmm
I
at this point
I had
mentally completely
checked out
good answer
good answer
that was the demon
the demon was
making you lose focus
that's fine on it
the demon's doing me
a solid
at that point
the demon of ADHD
and here's the thing
about this world view
from McCusker
it makes it so
you are not culpable
for any of your actions
that's true
in a way
that is deeply
sick and twisted
and it's a way
of not dealing
with darker impulses
that come into you
because it's literally
the devil made me do it
which has never resulted
in the deaths
of many people
well
in history
McCusker would refute that
and he would do so
with the next scene
okay
let's hear it
so Father Gilbert
finally returns
to his house
and
well he goes
and checks out
his answering machine
don't you just always
do that when you get home
better not be something
behind the voice
on that answering machine
on a tape
no
first
message
we have to sit
through the whole
tape
oh no
oh no
oh no
oh no
there's no need to
phone anyone just yet
relax
would you like some music
no
honestly I really wanted
that to be
too distracting
because in an
mbop he's gone
don't run away
Father Gilbert
I want to talk to you
so his answering machine
has locked the doors
I hate it when that happens
the internet of things
strikes again
so this
this keeps going
the tenor keeps pitching up
and basically
the whole point is that
Legion was here
for Father Gilbert's soul
everyone else was just
sort of in the way
he just wants to defeat
Father Gilbert
so that he succumbs
to the demons
of stinking thinking
and Father Gilbert
makes a choice
that Higgins did not make
and that Dr. Bussey
did not make
I'd rather talk about you
Father
let's talk about your
failure to save
Patricia Atkins
ah I know
what you're doing
our Father
who art in heaven
how dare you
thank you our word
and receive God's grace
after what you did
thy will be done
on earth
as it is in heaven
and may I say
how much
we are enjoying
her soul
and forgive us
our trespassion
even as we forgive
those who trespass against us
lead us not
into temptation
but deliver us
from evil
do you hear
now
in the name
of Jesus Christ
go
God have mercy
oh man
he's in the interrogation
room right now
you wouldn't believe it
he's a broken man
he's confessing to everything
even things we didn't ask him about
he's claiming insanity
of course
says the devil himself
drove him to do it all
and then Father Gilbert
is listening to the rest
of this message
and he just starts crying
and then it ends
I uh
I gotta be honest
and I think
you asked me for a mental health check
earlier
yeah
I think at this point
in listening to this
I had been worn down
to such an extent
that something
finally happened
and I lost my mind
I
I went
from being bored
out of my mind
to having such a good time
yes
two seconds flat
well it went from being boring
to being kind of cool
like
yeah
the sound is so good in this
it's very actually scary
and it's playing with like
how it dances between
your left and right ears
in a very very fun way
it sounds like his voice
is coming through like
the pots and pans
in his house
you know
well it's
to an extent
it becomes clear
that like
what McCusker's heart
is really in
is essentially
writing The Exorcist
right
yeah
like
one of the things
I love about
Blatty's novel
of The Exorcist
is that
it is
um
it's kind of a tour
de force
of a few different genres
like it flips genre
over the course of it
and
to an extent
but like
you know
it's all building up
to this
final confrontation
and that's really
what's going on
and I
I wish McCusker
would just focus
on the final confrontation
I guess
because that's
that's where the juice is
right
like that's where
something's actually happening
yeah he's playing chess
with the devil
that's what all of this
was supposed to be
and instead he's
he's getting his ass
beat
for the entire game
and then he just
throws the pieces
on the floor
at the end
by praying
when it could have
actually even
just get rid of
most of the mystery
and have him
just spar
with this guy
and fight
with his own self
in the same way
that like
the priest
and the exorcist
is figuring
his shit out
and you know
the issues
with his mother
and everything
like that
like all of that
makes so much
more sense
than
whatever we just
did
for the last
hour and 15
minutes
Jesus Christ
yeah
it's like a
it's a fucking
it's like the
a middling episode
of Totort
but then Satan
shows up
and it's
and it's just
also so clear
that like
Paul McCusker
is dealing
with some
sort of like
he's trying to
deal with some
sort of like
anxiety thing
of just like
because you know
the voice
crisis of faith
yeah
and I
I just think
that he
he drowns it
out by saying
the Lord's Prayer
which is also
a great sort of
summation of his
career
there's all this
stuff that he
will
he absolutely
refuses to
deal with
because he's
just screaming
Jesus Christ
at it over
and over again
and it makes
his work
it makes his
work suffer
for it
because his
best stuff
is when there
isn't any
sort of religious
aspect to it
whatsoever
when he actually
has his characters
just talk to
each other
and express
true feelings
towards each
other
but the lesson
of this seems
to be
just pray
hard enough
and you'll be
fine
yep
which is no
way to live a
life
and I'm
curious too
Kevin
because like
again we
sort of threw
you in the
deep end
on this one
was there
anything else
that you took
away from this
just in terms
of like the
prevailing ideology
because we talked
a lot about the
mechanics of the
writing but I'm
curious what jumped
out at you in
terms of like the
story that they're
trying to tell or
the message that
they're trying to
get across
in both this and
the Odyssey episodes
that we looked at
right there is a
real baked in
reverence for
authority that is
that is inherent
oh you know what I
mean there's kind
this assumption
that these people
would not with
with the exception
of the people who
like are sinful
and they they
trick their way
into power there
is this kind of
assumption that these
people wouldn't have
these jobs if they
couldn't do them
right which is that
assumption carries a
lot and I do think
that it is part of the
reason that I don't
think McCusker sees a
conflict or a
contradiction in the
fact that Gilbert's
entire reputation is
about how he's good
at doing his job but
materially in the
story he sucks at it
he's really bad at
it and I think it's
partially because of
this worldview that
like well Gilbert
wouldn't have this job
if he wasn't good at
it so he must be good
at it I'm exhausted
too and hey to the
point of folks being
good at stuff Kevin
you've been a fantastic
guest we really
appreciate appreciated
your presence really
just going through the
shit with us like we
do these episodes so
every every so often
where we kind of lose
our minds together and
doing it with a guest I
mean I hope you have
too much psychic
damage but you know
we had a good time
no no I mean I
played it up a bit
but this was a ton of
fun guys thank you
for having me on I
love doing this stuff
so if folks want to
listen to some good
audio drama what
should they do so
right now the Juno and
Second Citadel series
as of a month or two
ago they have ended
they are complete if
you were to listen to
the entire thing from
the very start you can
look up the penumbra
podcast on your
podcast app or you
can go to us at
patreon.com slash
penumbra podcast if
you were to listen the
whole thing beginning
to end without sleeping
it would take you almost
exactly four days so
hope you're not busy
beyond that beyond that
early October we're
going to start on our
bonus content platform
which we'll be
announcing on patreon
we're going to start
releasing parts to a
Juno steel audio book
called if memory serves
a Juno steel mystery
so that is a whole
novel it will end up
being a whole novel
that is an extended
mystery that dear God
I hope it hangs
together better than
this one I that's a
pretty low bar
it does Kevin as an
avid listener I got
turned on to penumbra
I think a couple months
ago and I've been
binging it pretty much
ever since I it is
really remarkable what
you are able to do not
just with Juno but also
with Citadel and how you
can like straddle those
two different genres you
know and jump back and
forth with like such
alacrity it is look I
listened to the Juno
steel finale and I
cried quite quite a bit
more than I was
anticipating so to be
fair shut the fuck up
man I'm a very sensitive
boy but also it was just
it was so beautiful and
it does the thing that I
love that every series
finale does which is just
it leaves the potential
future open yeah in a
way that is so fucking
haunting man I I I I
have I can't I can't
stress enough that you
have to if you if you
if anybody here has
enjoyed any of my
interstitial stuff at all
you have to get absolutely
absolutely it is it is so
it rhymes in a very
beautiful way and I
really liked that you
ended it with all the
characters saying the
Lord's Prayer together
yeah and casting and
casting off the demon of
Legion and before we do
our customary reading of
the Lord's Prayer to sign
us off I should mention
that we also have a
Patreon it is patreon.com
slash worst of all five
bucks a month gets the
access to a whole back
catalog of premium
episodes some good
bobos content also a
fancy movie time with
Brian and AJ where they
talk about fancy movies
and ten bucks a month
also gets you access to
our lads cast where we
just kind of shoot the
shit about what's on our
mind every month so with
that said AJ you got
something for us to wrap
us wrap us up take a
time I certainly do okay
our father who art in
heaven hallowed be thy
name thy kingdom come
thy will be done on
earth as it is in heaven
yeah I'm the worst of all
possible AJ's I'm the
worst of all possible
Brian's for yours is the
kingdom and the power and
the glory forever I'm the
worst of all possible
Josh's we'll see you next
week
