Well, what a day it's been.
It has been a day.
What a rare mood I'm in.
Why, it's almost like being in love?
Yeah.
Today is Wednesday.
This is coming out Thursday morning.
And aside from AJ's chicanery, we have hit a thousand paid subscribers on Patreon.
Now, we had stretch goals set up for this a long time ago, and Patreon just took that
away.
Yeah, they just deprecated that feature entirely.
They were like, nobody needs this.
Well, they looked at our stretch goals and went, no, we're done with all of this.
No more.
We have held the promise in our heart, much like we have held the Christ in our collective
single heart.
And much like Steve Green hid them in his heart, them being songs?
Bible verses?
I don't know.
One of those things.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Your words have I hidden in my heart.
It's written in our heart like Agent Nightingale.
So here's the thing.
A long time ago, we promised, we promised that once we got a thousand Patreon subscribers, we
would go to Colorado Springs, Colorado, and go specifically to focus on the family's headquarters
and even more specifically to Wits End.
Yes.
It also turns out that this, the year of our Lord, 2024, is the year that Adventures in
Odyssey will air its 1000th episode.
That's so fucked.
Which means that for every currently paying patron that we have, there will be an episode
of Odyssey specifically for you.
That's right.
We will dedicate one for you and send you a tape of each episode.
And only one of you gets to be Monty's Christmas and we will never tell you which one.
It's Ben Ferber.
Sorry, guys.
It's Ben Ferber.
Yeah, no, but this is this is sort of a special extra special patron only Bobas that we're
doing because the other piece of it is that obviously we didn't get into Wits Endless Summer
in January.
We're not going to be getting in the next Wits Endless Summer until the end of February.
And we know that you are sickos and you need your fix.
Yeah.
So we lined up cool guests.
We had some scheduling issues, obviously, a couple weeks ago.
And we're still going to have those cool guests.
We're going to have a cool guest.
We just thought it was important to keep the cool guests to keep Wits Endless Summer going.
So we're throwing in just a little tiny bit of Wits Endless Summer.
But yes, in August, we are going to go to Colorado Springs, Colorado to attend the live
taping of the thousandth episode of Adventures in Odyssey.
We will be on site to sort of paraphrase Minion Death Cult.
The world is ending.
John Whitaker is responsible.
We're documenting it.
What do you imagine will be the big twist of the thousandth episode?
What do you think is really going to get everyone in that mega church?
Which is where this is being recorded.
Something involving Rydell or fucking Buck or some shit you've never heard of, AJ, because
everyone in the cast is dead now.
Except for Connie and Chris.
They're going to exhume the corpses of Hal Smith and Paul Herlinger live on stage.
I love Skelliman.
And they'll digitally exhume the body of Will Ryan as they already have.
Here's the other exciting piece of this, too, is that not only are we going to be going to their live show, we are going to be doing one of our own as well.
Yes.
Now, details about this are still very much in the early planning stages.
But we're working on it.
We don't have anything totally nailed down just yet.
It is February.
This is August.
There are logistics that cannot be scheduled this far in advance, but we're working on it.
We're working on it.
But basically, if you live within driving distance of Colorado Springs, you're going to want to mark August 4 in your calendar.
That is a Sunday.
Again, more details about this will be coming when we have them.
But yes, we know it's the Lord's Day, but please try and make it out.
We would love to see you.
Just become a Seventh Day Adventist for a week.
If you want to stay Christian and, you know, the Lord will figure it out.
Don't worry about it.
We're going to be teaming up with the United States Air Force.
The Blue Angels are going to be there.
They're going to do a flyover.
Yeah.
It's just like they're going to jump really high.
They'll be indoors.
But they make the noise when they jump.
They go.
That's how they train, actually.
They just run around with their arms out for three years.
So, yes.
Confirmed the Air Force Chapel in Colorado Springs, Colorado will be our venue.
Get ready.
No, we'll have more details.
And as soon as we have them, we will let you know.
But again, for the time being, save the date, August 4, 2024.
And we look forward to seeing you there.
And for those of you who don't like to listen to Wits Endless Summers, you can stop the episode now because we're going to do a little Wits Endless Summer.
Because the next episode, it turns out.
The timiest Wits Endless Summer.
The next episode of Wits Endless Summer that we do, the one that we almost did in January and then couldn't quite get done, references this episode that we're talking about tonight extensively.
Which I did not remember when I scheduled this.
So I thought it would be a good idea to go back to this one and find out what happens when Wits owns the gamers.
Yes.
Even though it's not Wits, Jack.
But you know what I mean.
And this episode, I would say it's safe to say is a bit of a clunker.
But you know what?
The nice thing about Wits Endless Summer is that we can just clown on it and have fun together.
So today we are recapping episode 296, Red Wagons and Pink Flamingos.
This is a Marshall Younger episode written originally and released on January 7 of 1995.
And what a brave choice.
To just directly reference and then parody Pink Flamingos.
The point where Jack Allen just eats dog shit like live on the mic.
It's just unbelievable.
Or the part where Jason and Connie are fucking and they kill a chicken in the process.
It's really inspiring.
You wouldn't think that you'd...
That chicken voiced by Will Ryan.
Little fact.
You wouldn't think you'd get that effect from the radio.
But they did in fact have to kill a real chicken to do it.
Oh wow.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So this episode has two plots happening simultaneously.
Kind of three.
One of them matters.
There's like a C plot in there too about a play.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Where one girl just really wants to play Priscilla and I don't know build tents on stage.
I was going to say I was so surprised that they were staging a production of Priscilla Queen of the Desert.
There we go.
Right?
Yeah.
Gay drag culture is really big in this episode.
Yeah.
Well they mentioned Pink Flamingos.
I mean come on.
I know.
You know it's a...
It's a...
I listen...
Listeners just for full disclosure.
I listened to this episode literally two minutes before we started recording this episode.
And there is...
There's swaths of it that just bounced off my brain like fucking Teflon.
Like I think the main A plot is interesting.
And I think there's a pretty good scene in here with Jack and one of the children.
Who can say which one?
Who can say which one?
We will never know.
Kim or Erica.
It's Kim but they both sound the same.
Yes.
Both of these girls sound the same.
I have clipped nothing from their plot because the thing that's actually interesting about
this and the thing that will be brought up in the next full Wits Endless Summer that
we do is this plot between Jason and Jack where Jason has decided he's got a good new
business model for Wits End and that is making it a video arcade.
Oh no.
Excuse me.
Pardon me.
Coming through.
Hi Mr. Whitaker.
Oh hi there Erica.
Kim.
Hi Mr. Whitaker.
What's that?
Exactly the same.
This is my screwdriver.
No I mean that big black thing you just rolled out here.
Oh this.
Well I'll tell you.
I'm glad you're here girls because I need you to tell me what you think of my new invention.
Invention?
Really?
Uh huh.
You want to see it?
Yeah.
Sure.
Okay.
Erica.
Kim.
Jack.
I present to you.
Ta da.
Cool.
Wow.
A video game Jason?
Sure.
You know I was at Fenneman's drugstore the other day and I watched this kid play a video
game for about 20 minutes.
I was at the drugstore.
He never took his hands off it.
He had a stack of quarters piled up right next to him.
It was like he was planning on playing all night.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Anyway got me to thinking.
Why not create a video bible game?
Kids love these things.
Yeah.
What a misguided man.
Ooh.
Jason's bringing the evil in to Odyssey.
Yeah.
We've got an actual video game in wit's end.
A bible game.
Did he say Finnegan's Pharmacy?
Look I'm going to get the weeds on here.
Finnegan.
Finnegan.
Because this is a Marshall Younger episode who is solely responsible for the lore of all
of Odyssey.
So now there's a pharmacy I've never heard of that has now come up that I hope will probably
play a larger role or maybe it's never heard from again.
I don't think so.
Maybe.
I don't know.
But it's and it's not even just a pharmacy.
It's a drugstore.
Right.
Which means it must also be.
It's like wall drug.
Yeah.
Like this must be like competition for wit's end because it also sells chocolate sodas or
whatever.
Is that where McGruff gets his cocaine?
Yes.
Is it a drugstore?
Yes.
Correct.
And so a couple pieces here.
First of all, the girls that Jason is talking to here, they are Erica and Kim.
Again, don't worry about them.
They don't really matter.
Yeah.
Erica Clark.
She's been around.
We've heard her in a couple other episodes.
Yeah.
Right.
Kim McAfee just got her pin from Hugo and that's caused a huge controversy.
There's a whole telephone hour.
Yeah.
No, exactly.
You know, they're doing OK now.
They're going steady for good.
No, Kim.
Kim is Erica's best friend and she loves Lisa so much.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So Jason here is playing with dangerous forces because if we remember going all the way back
to those episodes with Regis Blaggard, the devious Dutchman, his business that competed
with wit's end was a video arcade.
Yeah.
That's right.
Wow.
Yeah.
And you know what?
The people behind Odyssey would never do something so base as make a video game.
That would be insane.
Well, not an arcade game.
They would make a PC game.
Yeah.
Because we all know that PC gaming is the highest form of art.
And as you know, all PC gamers are racists, which make them perfectly compatible with the
focus on the family ideology, right?
That's why they call themselves the PC gaming master race.
Right.
Right.
Because it's white supremacy.
Mm-hmm.
Once again, very compatible with the core message of wit's end.
You know what?
I'm really going to miss the thousand patrons we had that we just lost because Brian decided
to go after PC gamers.
Brian.
No.
After I went after visual artists.
Now it's PC gamers.
Yeah.
You're on thin ice, Alford.
Thin ice.
Of course, infamously, last week I streamed Adventures in Odyssey.
The sword of the spirit.
The sword of the spirit.
Which was like their fourth game or something?
I think third or fourth.
I think there's four of them.
Yeah.
And I think that's number three.
In my opinion.
Perfect game.
10 out of 10.
Absolutely fucking wretched little game.
Oh my.
The fucking mine cart levels with Connie where the bears popped out.
I was like, this can't be real.
The bears.
The bears were a wonderful touch.
It took so long.
Yeah.
I just remember the point where you were going through with the marble and you got to the
end of it.
I looked down and there were like 12 more boards left.
The marble thing was fun.
It was long, but it was fun.
And then it was like, oh, next you have 12 levels of bad load runner.
You know, just, oh.
I'm a.
That plays like an arcade game though, right?
Like the episodes in the Odyssey video game look like.
Yes.
It would be perfect in an arcade.
These are arcade games.
The worst arcade in the world.
Sure.
Yeah.
It's called Fun Spot.
It's in Meredith, New Hampshire.
I'm kidding.
Well, that's the thing is like, listen, Fun Spot people, don't come for me.
I know you love fun gold.
Don't hurt me.
Fun Spot is fun.
It's no castles and coasters.
That's what I got to say.
It's no, it's no AJ's Fun, uh, Fun Center.
Is that the name of it?
Did I ever tell you AJ?
There, there is a, there's an arcade in Grand Rapids called AJ's.
Yeah.
Is that the one that has the really lackluster mini golf?
Mm-hmm.
That's the one.
Yeah.
Yep.
Very disappointing mini golf.
I mean, if it's got AJ by the name, it's got to have lackluster in there somewhere.
It's no Bullwinkles.
It sure isn't.
Just to sort of pull us back here then to where we're at in the episode, right?
Jason has this arcade machine, right?
Mm-hmm.
It's a Bible video game and he demonstrates it.
All right.
Now, Erica, you're the Israelite there.
You have to run away from these Egyptians.
Yeah.
Now, these buttons are your plague buttons.
The music is good.
If the Egyptians get too close, okay, you watch out.
If they get too close, just throw a plague on them.
Okay.
Okay, now you've got frogs.
Throw a plague on them?
It's up here.
Exterminate.
Jason.
Yeah.
Is there a volume control on this machine?
Uh, no.
I didn't put one in.
Why?
Well, it's just a...
Nothing.
I'll be in the bag.
Okay.
Watch out, Erica.
What's going on, Mr. Whittaker?
You must have pressed the plague applies button.
Here, press this one.
Uh-oh.
Pharaoh's mad at me cornered.
Part the Red Sea.
Part the Red Sea.
I like the implication that there's ten buttons.
Right.
One for each plague.
Right.
Right.
Yes.
It's a very confusing user face.
I have...
Kill their firstborns.
I have big questions about the mechanics of this game.
Frogs.
Frogs.
Like, what were you guys picturing in your head here?
I was thinking kind of...
I was imagining like a, um...
Uh, what's the game?
Like a Super Smash TV kind of thing.
Right?
Maybe?
Oh, okay.
Like a twin stick shooter?
I was imagining something like an infinite runner.
Right?
Like you're...
Oh, like a crowd of Israelites?
Like running right?
And then you have Egyptians on the left side of the screen constantly getting closer to
you and there's obstacles you have to dodge and then ten buttons, one for each plague.
Okay.
So, yeah.
You're thinking something more like bit trip run or pitfall, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Something that's probably a little bit later than...
I'm thinking contra.
I'm thinking straight up contra but with plagues instead of guns.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And, uh, you know, when you like shoot the flies at people, there's just like a little
fly storm that goes and eats them and like, ah!
Or whatever.
Uh, I also don't remember flies being one of the ten plagues.
Am I wrong about that?
Like, I know there's pestilence but I don't remember...
Okay, how does the song go?
I send it...
I send the...
I remember there being frogs.
I say I remember there being...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
It's, uh...
I just looked it up again.
Water, blood, frogs, lice, flies, the pestilence, boils, hail, locust, darkness, and then,
of course, the killing of the firstborn.
The plague of the frogs is...
The screen just turns off briefly and then comes back off.
Yeah, it's just...
They're just doing the sanity tricks from Eternal Darkness Sanity's Requiem.
Right, right.
Um, I...
There is something very fun in the Talmudic tradition where there is some question about
the translation from ancient Hebrew of the plague of frogs where it might have been the
plague of frog.
And so there is some speculation in some literature as to whether it's a bunch of frogs or just
one really big frog who pops things up.
I was thinking it was maybe a French guy, which would be even worse.
Yes.
That's the thing.
I'll tell you.
Just fucking Napoleon shows up out of time.
Allo!
Allo!
Allo!
All of these plagues!
Out of the law!
It's a weird French accent.
I will be back for these pyramids later!
Just like our Finnish accent, this all comes out weirdly Swedish.
Oh, yeah.
I have been paid professionally to do that French accent.
I just need the world to know that somebody heard,
I will be back for those pyramids and gave me money for it.
Did you say pyramids?
No.
You were Frenchmen stealing Toblerones or something?
Oh, okay.
It was for Joseph.
So I did those Canaan days.
Oh, you got paid?
When did you do Joseph?
Was that at Summerstock?
Summerstock?
No.
It was for a...
It wasn't for Summerstock.
It was back when I was...
I used to do plays at this Catholic school.
It was like sort of an after-school drama program when I was in college with a bunch of my friends.
We were like the mentors to these high school kids.
Oh, yeah, sure.
They all did plays together.
And I got thrown in very, very last minute to play Simon, I believe, is the role.
I believe he's the Frenchman.
And I knew I would get along with the director because there's a point in Joseph where Joseph goes,
Your brother is me in front of all the brothers.
And there's just this weird silence before they all go,
Joseph, Joseph.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
There's that pause.
How could it be true?
But there's that pause.
And in that pause, I went,
Holy shit!
The director lost her mind.
And I went,
Yep, we're going to collaborate well, you and I.
Last piece that I wanted to just point up about that video game.
Once again, all of those sound effects also used in the original XCOM.
Whoa!
Except for the swords.
There are no swords in XCOM.
The sword clanging sounded like Age of Empires.
It may very well have been.
Anyway, we go back to the girls.
We got Kim.
Kim, we will remember, question mark.
I don't know if we've actually had Kim in an episode.
Yeah, maybe not.
But Kim is Erica's best friend.
Yeah.
And she is off to the mall for some reason to buy a pair of shoes.
Well, she's got to go meet Conrad Birdie.
And then Conrad Birdie is going to pick her for one last kiss before he goes off to war.
Yeah.
She loves him, Conrad.
Oh, yes, she do.
So, we do love Conrad.
Erica is having her birthday.
She has booked a room in Wits End, presumably upstairs.
They mentioned something about it being upstairs.
Is this the first time, by the way, that they've mentioned the idea that Wits End can be rented out for a private function?
I think that's very interesting.
It really well may be.
Yeah.
I always kind of assumed, because it is, you know, a big popular meeting place.
What do you think Wits charges, or well, I guess in this case, Jason and Jack charge for, like, you know, using the Bible room for three hours for a birthday party?
I think that Jason is, like, stealing from them, like, big time, making huge money off of it, and Wits probably charged, like, three times as much.
Like, Jason's like, he's so clever, but Wits was like, oh, I just don't know if I can free it up for anything less than $2,000.
Yeah, I don't know about Jack, though.
Jack feels like, he's like, well, as long as the kids are learning about the Bible, you know, like, it seems like he's a little bit more on the level, but, like, yeah, no, Jason's got that Whitaker gene in him that's just like, how do I fleece these kids?
Yeah, yeah.
Jack just made sure that there's a clause that if, like, you rent out the Bible room, you have to make every guest use the little black mirror that you recite verses into.
Right.
Before, otherwise you can't leave.
Yeah, like, you literally can't leave.
The mirror will prevent you from leaving.
It will trap you in the mirror.
Yeah, yeah.
Like, Alan, wait.
We can't, okay, hold on.
I'm not writing a commercial for this one.
We don't keep coming up with all these banger ideas in the purpose.
I'm not going to stop you from writing whatever you want to write.
You can write whatever you want.
Nobody's stopping you, yeah.
I am trapped in the mirror of my own creation.
Kim is getting some shoes.
She wants to buy some shoes.
She goes to the mall, I guess, and then we get this interaction.
Excuse me, ma'am?
Yes?
Could you tell me what's going on?
Insanity.
That's what's going on.
Green Platts is having their annual clearance sale.
Everything in the store is 70% off.
70%?
I wouldn't go in there if I were you.
Almost all the good merchandise is already gone.
And besides, it's dangerous.
A girl your size could get trampled.
What's happening in the store?
The merchandise!
The merchandise!
Oh, my God.
Somebody think of the merchandise.
This is Lynn Latrell, Bob Latrell's wife.
No way!
And she has been on this show multiple times to do basically just this voice.
Like, we've heard her before.
The, like, broadly ethnic, like...
Yeah.
But, like, they could have just gotten whoever it is that plays Doris Rathbone.
Right, right, right.
But, no, they got Lynn Latrell for this.
Just to...
Just to...
Bob wanted to show off her bedroom voice, I think.
That was very important to him.
Here's what I'll also say.
I am floored that the covenants that are almost certainly in place in Odyssey would allow for a family called Greenblatt to open a department store in Odyssey.
That's wild to me.
Maybe they're German Greenblatt's.
You know?
We don't know.
That's just...
AJ does a lot of way in on this one.
This is all you do.
This is all you do.
I'm fine.
Look, I am...
I think Mad Men had a wonderful season about this very conflict.
And I will point you in the direction of that.
Mostly because, I don't know, I feel like that there is a department store in Odyssey is very weird to me.
It's not big enough.
It still feels like Small Town USA.
Yeah, it's not like a mall department store.
It sounds like it's its own thing.
And it really sounds like an RH Macy's or like Old Abercrombie and Fitch or like a fucking Evening Primrose kind of thing where there's like actual departments, you know?
It's the department store from fucking A Christmas Story.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's a Santa Claus, a year-round Santa Claus.
That kicks you down the fucking side.
There's a blast pro shops pool that every once in a while nude men run into.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But also like the logistics of this too where...
Okay, so Kim is going to Wits End to go to a party.
She is walking by herself.
Right.
Remember, this is Ohio.
There are no sidewalks in Ohio.
Everyone drives everywhere, but again, Odyssey is like strangely walkable.
Right.
Even though none of the art that has ever been put out has implied that that would be a possibility.
This kind of pedestrian-friendly mixed-use design is illegal in most American cities.
And so on the way to...
Remember, Wits End is in a park.
On the way to Macalester Park, she's able to walk by this department store that is swarmed with people for the, I don't know, January Black Friday.
They do a Black Friday every month.
Well, it's a clearance.
It's 70% off.
This would seem to imply that they're going out of business altogether.
The way...
Which is maybe why we never hear from them again.
Maybe.
When Latrell says it, it kind of sounds like they just...
It's like it's their clearance that they do every year or something.
Like a seasonal clearance, man.
Yeah.
But it's Greenblatt and Fittimum Pharmacy are just getting the hell out of Odyssey.
They know what's coming.
I like how Betsy DeVos has her dinner party every year where she gets rid of all of her old clothes and lets her cousins and everybody take that.
That's a real thing, by the way.
Yeah, that's not a joke, AJ.
That's real.
Oh.
Yeah, so it's like if you're related to Betsy DeVos...
Wait, is it just a random people or is it like...
No, it's her relatives.
Yeah.
It's family and it's like I hope you like shoulder pads.
Yeah.
That's the worst, like, white elephant you could ever imagine.
She's Dutch.
What the fuck do you expect, AJ?
Yeah.
But it's just used clothes.
And that's why they keep going.
That's why they keep going because it's a deal.
They want a deal.
I don't want...
I don't want the juices.
All these Heisingas and Van Hoffs and Haversma's and whatever else is, they can't help themselves.
2,000 patrons, we are going to Betsy DeVos' white elephant Christmas party.
We are getting some of those clothes.
It's like August or something when she does.
What?
What is happening?
Well, that's when the season changes.
That's when you get rid of your spring stuff to make way for the fall stuff.
It's DeVosmas every August.
It's DeVosmas.
I feel like I've actually...
I know this thing, Brian, is something that is now ringing a bell in the back of my head.
Like, I'm pretty sure that I have heard this used by various West Michigan Christians as a reason that Betsy DeVos is just like any other schmo, right?
Because it's like, well, she's not like some billionaires.
With a B!
You know, she's still...
The B stands for Betsy.
She offloads her old clothes once they're out of season.
You know, with somebody who isn't well connected to the fucking thrift of American...
I fucking hate thinking about this.
Let's move on.
Betsy DeVos is just like everyone else.
She also doesn't tip.
But yeah, this is Marshall Younger's idea of a good plot contrivance to keep Kim from being able to make it to Erica's birthday.
She's like, this is like a Tom goes to the mayor plot.
Like, this is just like a...
Like, it's so easily avoidable, but for some reason it's like, hmm, I guess I still got to get those shoes.
And so she does, and she completely misses the party.
Well, the weirdest fucking thing is that the shoes don't even pay off at the end.
No!
Because, I mean, spoiler alert for the end of this episode, right?
They reconcile, and fucking Kim gives Erica a birthday present.
And I was like, oh, it's going to be the shoes.
Right!
Like, this is going to pay that thing off, because the reason she was like two hours late for the birthday party
was that she was getting shoes, these shoes that she knew that her friend wanted.
No!
After this, the shoes don't make an appearance again.
It's unbelievably strange.
Can I buy these shoes from my best friend, please?
You know, it's all...
I think my favorite part is that...
Gift of the Shoe Jai?
Is this anything?
Sorry, keep going.
It sounds like a slur somehow.
It does sound like a slur.
That's the first thing I thought.
How about Gift of the Shoe Jai?
Yeah, Gift of the Shoe Guy.
That sounds like a Brian Quimpy episode.
Okay, Gift of the Shoe Guy is funny.
I'm going to take a note of that for later.
Yeah, yeah.
I do love when a plot turn can actually be replaced by a big hole, and it's exactly the same.
Like, either she stays in line to get these shoes for an hour and a half, or she just falls in a hole for an hour and a half.
Stay in line.
Line.
Or like, Pokemon, go buy some shoes.
That's right, AJ.
The stakes of this are so confusing.
Because it's like, what's going on?
Why am I supposed to care about this?
And what the fuck is the deal with these shoes?
And none of these questions are answered.
And to think we had another episode that was about the dissolution of a friendship with that fucking loser kid in Butch.
Yeah.
And like, it's far more like well observed, even though it's, you know, it's whatever.
We clowned on it already.
It's not a good episode.
But like, it's about a real thing about how you lose friends.
And then like, here's the one with the girls, and it's just fucking so petty.
Like, she's late for this birthday party.
She misses the birthday party.
And then they just straight up hate each other.
Yep.
Like, someone had to do something like bad here.
And that's not what happened.
And also, if you're going to legitimize those emotions, you shouldn't just trivialize them at the end.
Yes.
Which is what Jack ends up doing.
He's like, oh, it was just a birthday party.
And it's like, oh, I guess that doesn't matter.
It's just my birthday party.
Right.
Because it's not just a birthday party.
Like, you want to legitimize this kid's pain for being like, my friend missed my birthday party.
And she said she's my best friend.
But I do think, actually, that mechanically speaking, you know, I missed your birthday party and it meant a lot to you.
You could hang something on that.
Like, there is.
What do you think, AJ?
Like, do you think that could be?
Yeah, no, no.
I see where you're coming from.
But the reason she missed it would have to have been intentional.
It would have to have been a choice.
Yes, correct.
It wasn't that I was in line to buy shoes for you because that's like, oh, my God, how sweet.
You waited an hour and a half.
But she wasn't buying shoes for her.
She was buying shoes for herself.
Oh, OK.
Well, that I missed.
So then this works perfectly.
This is a perfect episode of Radio Drama.
It was not clear.
It was not clear.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, OK.
So then I think that does work better.
But again, it's just like it would have to it would have to take at face value that kids have emotions that mean something.
Yeah.
And at every turn, it's just like, well, aren't these kids being frivolous?
And actually, I do think the way they go about teaching that lesson is a lot better than most episodes of Odyssey.
And we'll get to that a little bit later.
But for right now, we got to get back to these fucking video games.
Yeah, the video games.
Very important.
Yeah.
Here's some more about the games.
Look at all these kids.
Yeah.
There's been a line to play your video game all day long.
Video.
Oh, that's great.
You know, I'm thinking about bringing out some more.
I could do the whole Old Testament in video games.
Set it up in geological order.
Even Ruth?
You know, Goliath, Jonah.
Don't you think it's a little noisy?
I really want to see the Jonah game.
Nom.
I was going to say the good news here, of course, is that now the squad has upgraded to plasma pistols and rifles.
Yeah.
Those are, of course, the sound effects that you'll hear when you get those weapons in XCOM.
So that's good news.
Yeah, it's Jason's very excited, right?
He thinks these Bible games are going to be like the best fucking thing ever.
These Bible games that he single-handedly made, like building the cabinets and everything.
Yeah.
The kids are loving it.
He reinvested the proceeds from the rental of the Bible room.
Yeah.
Well, it's just so interesting to me because, like, this is actually an ideal scenario for modern Christians.
Do you know what I mean?
Kids are playing Christian video games.
Yeah.
What a win for Christianity in the modern day.
But, you know, back in the 90s, obviously, it was an entirely different landscape.
Hot topic, right?
So, okay.
But here's something that I did want to say about that.
It is very strange to me that this is coming from Marshall Younger because Marshall Younger is, at this point, the youngest of the writers.
He was born in 68.
He would have been an adolescent and early 20-something during the golden age of arcade games.
Yeah, right.
This isn't just a being out of touch with the, like, kids thing.
This is a I am out of touch with the whole world thing.
Like, this motherfucker thinks it's evil to go play Pac-Man, and that blows my mind.
Yeah.
Josh, he is in the world and not of it.
It's called having faith.
Yeah.
Being set apart for God.
Wow.
Maybe you should try it sometime.
Wow, Josh.
How embarrassing for you.
Hey, Brian.
Go tell Josh I hate him.
This is how Marshall Younger thinks teenage girls talk, by the way.
They do the classic, like, sitcom setup where, you know, two people hate each other, so then they have their one friend as their go-between, where it's like, I don't fucking talk to her.
Tell her I think she smells.
And then she's like, hey.
Yeah, well, this is Boo You Whore from Mean Girls, right?
Yeah.
Except not funny.
There is one funny joke in there, because they're arguing over these, like, barrettes.
I want to have these barrettes back.
And it's like, you know what, I don't want them back.
Tell her she can keep them, because I don't want her head lice.
And the girl who does the go-between says, she doesn't want them back, hygienic reasons.
After repeating everything verbatim up until that point, it's like, ah, da-dun-da, they did it.
Yeah, I think the problem is, this is just strictly a joke construction problem.
Yeah.
That part is so verbose that you missed the joke.
Yeah.
Um, whereas if it had been like, bah, bah, bah, bah, and then it was actually a little
bit longer than the previous ones, uh, it would have worked, but it doesn't.
Anyway, that shit sucks.
Yeah.
We should-
There's a- the main complaint about the game, because I think that Marshall Younger isn't
as out of touch as you think, Josh, but I think there are others that focus on the
family who are out of touch.
So he's kind of threading the needle, basically?
Yeah, I think he's trying to hit the middle ground here, which is, again, the plot for
the B-plot, too.
It's like, it's about trying to find compromise-
Sure.
In conflict or something.
I don't fucking know.
But the main complaint about the video games is Jack's complaint, which is this.
Have you noticed how noisy it's gotten in here lately?
Yeah, but it's a good type of noise, don't you think?
I mean, kids are learning, having fun.
So you really think they're learning?
What do you mean?
Well, I just get the feeling they're- they're only punching buttons.
Yeah, it makes the noise.
It makes the kids rowdy.
It's just so noisy, because Jason also did not make a volume setting on these arcade machines.
They're all set to 11.
They're all cranked to 11.
Like, there's- there's gotta be a potentiometer in there somewhere.
That's just how it works.
One would think.
Yeah, and I- and I think that the points that Jack makes there are sort of the
main argument that you would hear a focus on the family member make at any time.
But I think they kind of give up the game a little bit, because Jack says, well, it seems
like it's making the kids hyper.
Mm-hmm.
Which I think is actually the- one of the bigger complaints, which is like, my kid now won't
shut the fuck up.
The kids fucking ice cream and soda pop!
That's what I'm saying!
This is-
In the intro for this fucking thing, he serves them orange sorbet with fudge on top!
Yes!
You fucking maniac!
Okay, okay, wait, wait, wait.
I gotta correct you here, AJ.
This is-
Okay.
Not a sorbet.
It is sherbet.
It's different.
That's- that's my least favorite Eddie Murphy movie.
Wow.
Wow, that-
Oh, boy.
Pluto Nash, right?
We're all in agreement.
It's the Avengers of Pluto Nash.
Yeah, it is- it is no meat, Dave, that's for sure.
Um, I- I read that- I thought that first thing was that they were getting sherbet and a fucking
hot fudge, like, double-down situation.
No, yeah, they're- they're combining a bunch of things, and- and Jack is making it to order,
which is why he's, like, disgusted at these filthy-
But it's wild, because, yeah, no, you can buy, basically,
unlimited sugar at Wits End.
I- we have never heard anybody get cut off at the Wits End soda bar, you know?
Well, Jimmy did.
That's why he was thrown through the- through the No-No-No.
Yeah.
That was his cardinal sin.
Well, you can't have the sugar while you're working there.
You can't- you can't be using the supply.
Right, right, right.
So- so Jason's like, well, maybe these educational, biblical video games aren't teaching people.
I'm gonna go check in with fucking Scrub.
Scrub!
One of the worst characters ever written on this show.
Um, ah.
Hey, hey, Scrub, let me ask you something.
What have you learned?
Learned?
Yeah, you know, about Elijah.
Ooh, nice move.
Elijah?
Yeah, Elijah.
You know, the prophet from the Bible?
This game is about Elijah.
It is?
Yes, of course.
Scrub, you've gotten all the way to level five and you didn't even know that?
Have you listened to the guy who comes on between levels and explains the story?
Oh, that!
I can never hear him in here!
It's too loud!
Okay, we-
I also never learned to read!
You should've fucking put subtitles on your game.
Yeah, I like that-
But that wouldn't help if he couldn't read, I suppose.
Jason just has this fucking voice come on and read Elijah stories.
It's just the nozzle.
Yeah.
Just fucking Dave Arnold being like, and so Elijah went out into the wilderness.
So is there like-
It's also like Scrub is the first one who's made it to level five, so it's like Donkey Kong kill screen coming up kind of situation.
Right.
After five screens, yes.
That's funny that we mentioned Fun Spot earlier.
That ties right in.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Wasn't that where the Donkey Kong kill screen in King of Kong was?
Was that Fun Spot?
Yes, it was.
Yeah, was that Fun Spot?
Oh my god, I love that.
Fun Spot is the world's largest arcade.
Right.
And the only one that has quotes from John Galt lining the walls.
One more as long as we're on the topic of Donkey Kong.
Have you guys been keeping up with what's going on with Billy Mitchell these days?
No.
Not entirely.
It's kind of confusing what I have seen.
So basically-
So basically-
So had he just been essentially fabricating everything since the beginning or-
More or less.
I mean, so in fabricating in a loose sense, right?
Okay.
Like he can play Donkey Kong.
The thing is though-
Well, we can all play Donkey Kong.
No, and he can play Donkey Kong at a pretty high competitive level.
There's nothing in the rules that says Billy Mitchell can't play Donkey Kong.
But he's not good enough to be able to hang with the absolute greats.
And so what he did to set many of those high scores was he, rather than using an actual like
virgin unaltered original arcade board, was he would use fucking emulated boards and modified
boards and stuff like that.
That would give him an edge.
Isn't that what got Steve Wiebe's first record purged because he had used a modified board
from someone else?
If I recall-
Wasn't that the whole thing from the first 30 minutes of King of Kong?
If I recall, it wasn't even that he was using a modified board.
It was that he was using a board that was suspected of being modified.
Wow.
Welcome to King of Kong cast.
We are your donkeys.
Yeah.
God, we should do that on the show sometime.
King of Kong does have that moment where, yeah, Billy Mitchell kind of just has a tape
sent.
Right.
And it's like someone like Steve maybe breaks the record and then the tape plays and it's
like, yeah, fuck you.
Right.
And that, but that's just what he did, especially for Pac-Man.
I remember like Pac-Man is even more of his baby than, than Donkey Kong is.
Cause I think he even professed to be the first person to find the kill screen, which may not
have actually been true.
Well, but the problem was that, you know, with the state of where Twin Galaxies was at and
because Walter Day was such a fucking factotum to Billy Mitchell.
It really is a real factotum.
What are you gonna do?
Make fun of me for going to college again?
Fuck you.
Yeah.
Battle factotums.
Oh, look at this guy.
He didn't get his degree from Hope.
I can tell you, he got an actual education.
Take that Sufjan Stevens.
All things go.
All things go.
I, uh, I just found that kind of interesting that like, yeah, it turns out that all of the
like, Hey, something seems off about this guy.
It turns out that that was 100% correct.
Yeah.
And he was falsifying like everything.
Is the hot sauce real?
I think the hot sauce is, yeah.
Of course the hot sauce is real.
Can we still get, can we, we should buy the hot sauce.
Anyway.
Let's take a look.
Billy Mitchell hot sauce.
This is what happens when we have an hour to talk about a 20 minute long episode.
Well, here's the thing.
It's like, you know.
We're making this an hour.
I didn't realize we had to fill the hour.
We're making it however long it needs to be.
I'm not filling the hour.
I'm just having fun here.
What else is in the news?
But this is what's so funny about like the culture war aspect of video games, because
I think a lot of it does come from, you know, people had home video games in the 70s,
right?
You'd have a bar that would have Pong.
None of these people ever went to a bar.
Magnetbox Odyssey came out in their early 70s, didn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And.
Which this show plagiarizes at every turn.
Yeah.
The original John Avery Whitaker, Ralph Bear.
So I'll say he's a bear.
I think a big part of why it became a culture war issue is because of the arcade itself and
the way that the arcade attracted an unseemly person in the same way that like early movies
was like, yeah, if you go down to the Nickelodeon, you're going to run into immigrants.
Yeah.
Black people.
The dangers of a pool hall in your community.
Yeah.
They're going to be saying things like, so's your old man and other things that they picked
up from Captain Billy's whiz bang.
That's right.
Well.
They'll buckle their knickerbockers below the knees.
Isn't it horrible to not finish it with Trouble in River City?
Yeah.
No, it really.
It really.
Trouble.
Trouble.
Trouble.
Trouble.
Trouble.
So by the 90s, of course, arcade game like arcades themselves have already crashed 10 years
earlier.
They still exist.
I mean, some still exist to this day, but like you're more likely as a kid.
I certainly was to run into an arcade game as a single cabinet or one of two cabinets
at the movie theater at Pizza Hut.
The roller rink.
The roller rink.
Definitely the roller rink.
Ours was so dingy.
It looks like an abandoned building on the outside.
Anyway.
Are there any roller rinks that aren't dingy?
I feel like that's kind of their whole thing.
Oh, OK.
I didn't know if that was just a Gallup thing.
Cool.
No, I don't think so.
But like also the barbershop.
That's where I remember seeing Centipede and they had a trackball version of Centipede
over there.
Laundromats.
Great place.
Laundromats.
So that's and wit's end and the drugstore right next to the wall drug animatronics that
still cost a quarter.
By the way, I played an Addams Family pinball machine at wall drug.
Just like that little piece together here.
I have a distinct memory of that.
Wow.
Wait, we've both been to wall drug, Josh.
I done wall drug, yeah.
AJ, you missed out.
You've never been to sunny South Dakota.
I sure haven't.
I thought it was in North Dakota.
It's in South Dakota.
I did not go to North Dakota.
I would never.
If you go north enough in South Dakota, you know where you end up?
The border between the two states.
You can't go between two states.
You can only be in one state at a time.
So if you try and cross over the border, then you become a North Dakota.
You become the average North Dakota man, which is more or less the same.
I imagine he's like crossing the border.
He's like, like his little atoms are like tearing apart.
And then he steps out the other side and he looks exactly the same, except like maybe
he has like a purple streak in his hair.
And he's like, oh, nice.
It's the purple streak.
Oh, yeah.
You get a little gayer up there.
I was going to say.
Yeah.
North Dakota is a little a little gayer.
The funny thing is, I think North Dakota actually is a little gayer than South Dakota.
Is it really?
OK.
Gender means a slight bit less in North Dakota than in South Dakota.
And if any of our listeners are one of the 12 people in either of those states, yeah,
sound off in the comments.
Sure enough.
But like, by the 90s, it's still this weird tension.
They had won a lot of ground by using video games as a cudgel.
See also our first two episodes of this podcast.
And Jack Thompson, devotee of Focus on the Family.
We will get back to Jack Thompson specifically as a topic at some point in time.
One hundred percent.
Because remember, he got his start just doing what Focus on the Family was telling him to
do until he went too far.
And yeah, the night trap hearings and everything like video games were very violent.
And you go to your pizza place and carnival would be very disturbing.
You wouldn't want your child playing that or whatever.
Area 51?
Those aliens?
Very scary.
Yeah, but Area 51 is not bloody though, right?
That's the difference.
The aliens get bloody, but it's alien blood.
Yeah, it's like green.
Yeah.
And it's all FMV sprites.
And, you know, my dad likes playing Area 51.
There's never been quite a crackdown on alien blood.
You know, as long as it's not red, usually that's OK.
Yeah.
I know a lot of video games had their like ratings changed from M to T just by turning the color
of the blood.
Or like House of the Dead.
You know, you can make the blood green in House of the Dead if you need to.
Yeah.
Right.
If you need, if it's a pressing issue for you.
Yeah.
If you want to turn into the green ketchup from the 90s.
Yeah.
I think it was Heinz did that.
Yeah.
It was green and purple.
Heinz did green and purple.
Green was for Shrek and then purple was for the Grinch.
But then they also had green for the Grinch.
They had some real goop for the Grinch there.
So.
Well, the purple was for Christine Baranski's outfit in the Grinch, I believe.
Oh, OK.
Yeah.
It was actually just for Christine Baranski.
Oh, yes.
A royal and granddaddy.
A special request.
Christine Baranski.
She was very good friends with Teresa Heinz Carey.
And so they just commemorated her with ketchup.
Wife of Jim.
Wife of John Carey.
AJ.
Oh, no.
Really?
Grinchal candidate slash secretary of state John Carey married into the Heinz.
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
How did you know that?
You were raised by limbs.
I was 14.
I was 14.
I was 30.
I'm younger than you.
And you always will be.
Except for that leap year.
Oh, no.
Because I'm at the other side of that leap year and I'm going to have one purple streak
in my hair.
Courtesy of Christine Baranski.
So let's let's pull it back in then to, you know, where we're at here.
So remember, there's a play.
Remember, they're auditioning for a play.
They're auditioning for Priscilla Queen of the Desert.
Yeah.
They got the they built the bus on stage.
They have a turntable.
It's going to rock.
That is very funny.
But I think the reality of it is much funnier that she is auditioning for Priscilla, the
evangelist, friend of St. Paul, the tent maker, Priscilla, wife of Aquila.
That's probably right.
But isn't this a way?
Is that this is a wit's end?
That is what every girl grows up wanting to be.
And every young homosexual boy.
They want to build that tent.
It is.
Is that true?
Listener, sound off in the comments.
How many of you wanted to be Priscilla?
They either want to be Priscilla or they want to be what's her name?
The one who sold the purple fabric.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Whatever.
Christine Baranski.
Christine Baranski.
It's fucking Baranski.
Come on.
I think it's very funny.
Teresa Ice-Carrie.
I think it's very funny when people are like, God, it's so insane what they're doing with
like Star Wars and Marvel now.
How they're like really just digging into like the depths of it to like explain every single
moment in between movies or like explore like the random backstory of the character in
the background.
And it's like, that's all this Bible shit is.
Yeah.
It's just like making stuff based off of like one name mentioned once in the Old Testament.
Like it's the same fucking impulse.
Priscilla and Aquila are not mentioned once in the Old Testament.
They are a part of Paul's entire ministry.
And they are also setting up what the Pauline tradition is going to be for evangelists because
they work for a living and then do their evangelism rather than soliciting donations.
And Paul always complains about it in the letters.
Look at how hard I work for this church.
But it sucks how Pauline was then taken by Donkey Kong.
Yes.
And had to be rescued by Mario.
Paul.
Who?
Paul.
The Apostle Paul.
AJ.
The Pauline epistle.
We're going to have to learn you, boy.
We're going to learn you.
Pauline as in relating to Paul.
Yes.
No, no.
I'm aware of that.
And it's a shame that all of Paul's letters were taken by Donkey Kong.
I hate you, you fucking bitch.
It had to be rescued by Mario.
I'm going to bury you in my yard.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know we were being pedantic about it.
Jump man.
Oh, but I did want to grab one other clip because.
Oh.
Yeah.
Even though Jack doesn't like these arcade games.
Yes.
He does like when video games transcend the medium and maybe become more of a movie.
That's right.
Jack is a big fan of a certain game.
Jason.
Jason.
You son of a bitch.
Jason.
You son of a bitch.
Huge fan of Heavy Rain.
The clip in the Slack said Jason plays Heavy Rain.
And the whole time.
I'm just.
I'm sorry.
Jack plays Heavy Rain.
And the whole time.
I'm just like listening to the episode going.
When does it reference Heavy Rain?
Is there like a Norman J at some point?
Nope.
Jason.
Jason.
Jason.
It's.
It is almost the same inflection.
It is.
It's really.
It's really uncanny.
I wish it was cleaner.
I wish there wasn't all the.
The XCOM sounds underneath it because that would definitely go into circulation.
That's.
That's.
That's.
That's the sound of Jack drowning.
Drowning the.
It's pretty good.
Drowning the clown looking for his son.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um.
The Wits End clown.
The one that comes on Thursdays.
There's a mariachi band on Fridays.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Just tracing that bit about Priscilla again.
Uh.
Kim doesn't get the part.
Um.
No.
She does not get to be Priscilla.
And.
And.
But she doesn't get a part at all.
She doesn't get a part at all.
Yeah.
She doesn't make the play.
Period.
It's a very Priscilla heavy play.
Okay.
Apparently.
She never leaves the stage.
She has that ABBA turd.
And so now of course this is the impetus.
There's no way to talk about Mamma Mia.
How dare you Brian.
AJ.
Okay.
The ABBA turd is from Priscilla Queen of the Desert.
A movie which you have not seen.
Nor musical.
I'm sorry.
Wait.
You haven't seen Mamma Mia?
No.
I've seen Mamma Mia.
I haven't seen Priscilla Queen of the Desert.
Okay.
There's a musical.
I was going to be really upset.
It's on cruise ships now.
Listeners.
I am alone here.
I am in a desert of my own making.
I am the queen of it.
Um.
Yes.
So.
Uh.
Jack.
Let's get back to Jack.
Right.
Yes.
Yeah.
Jack is.
He's got this splitting headache.
Yeah.
Because he just keeps yelling for Jason.
Yeah.
Yes.
And.
It's so loud in there.
Right.
It's just so.
All of Wit's End has become so loud because of maybe three arcade games at this point.
The Ten Plagues.
Elijah.
And.
What do we think?
Ehud maybe?
Maybe there's an Ehud.
I always thought Ehud would make for a good like stealth game.
You know.
You're just sort of.
Ehud immersive sim.
Yeah.
And then.
And then.
Yeah.
Final boss.
You just get to stab Eglon on the toilet.
Honestly.
That would be kind of cool.
I'm into it.
Yeah.
No.
I came up with the whole like design document when I was in.
Like ninth grade for my bible class.
I feel like a lot of.
Really?
Mr. Zweers did not appreciate it.
Fuck you Kevin.
Fucking potato face sack of shit.
Did it.
Was it.
Wait.
I can't tell if you're joking or not.
Did.
I'm not joking.
Oh wow.
Yeah.
Wait.
Well we're.
We're down to 999 patrons.
So.
No.
No.
No.
No.
We actually went up like three.
Can I hear a little bit more about your design document?
So it wasn't just about Ehud.
It was a.
It was a.
A design for a game.
This would be just basically in the line of whatever Jason's coming up with here.
Right.
Jason.
Jason.
Here he is.
It would be like all kinds of different games encapsulating different judges from the book
of Judges.
So of course you have Othniel.
Right.
You got a whole thing with Othniel.
Okay.
Where it's basic.
I hope I'm getting this one right.
Is Othniel the one who killed a thousand Philistines with an ox goad?
Um.
Let's find out.
I mean you're asking the wrong guy.
Oh fingers crossed.
But I'm pretty good with Google.
Um.
He.
It's either Othniel or the one right after Othniel.
Okay.
Wait a second.
Biblical Judges.
It was.
Right.
It was the Biblical Judges one thousand.
Yeah.
Ox jaw.
Ox goad.
Ox goad.
Because I was thinking of Samson.
Samson of course did that.
No.
Not the jawbone.
Shamgar.
Shamgar.
Fuck it.
Here I am saying it's Othniel when it's Shamgar.
That's a classic mistake.
So like that's Dynasty Warriors right there.
Right.
That just designs itself basically.
Right.
Sure.
But then Ehud of course you have the stealth component.
Now of course Ehud just walked straight in the front door.
We're not.
This is a video game.
We gotta add a little bit of friction.
You can infiltrate in different ways.
Yep.
Is there an item you get to increase your stealth called the Ehud?
I mean there should be.
Yeah.
I mean you know.
Was that in the document?
We're still in the planning phase.
We're still in the planning phase here.
Folks we're announcing our GoFundMe actually.
To make the first ever immersive sim based on the Book of Judges.
Let's do it.
Each individual level is a different judge.
It's sort of like Thief but it's Judge.
Damn this motherfucker lured Eglon into a bathroom and just shanked him?
No.
I guess the dude just like.
Well I think you know in this day people just probably shat in their wherever they were.
You know they just had like a chamber pot or whatever the ancient.
Oh yeah like Hargors.
Variation on that was.
And so Eglon was just like in his throne room.
Ehud was left handed which is why I was attached to this character as a left handed child myself.
Currently a left handed child as well.
And.
The largest left handed child you've ever seen.
So he was frisked on the wrong leg.
Because he used his left hand to stab Eglon.
Spoilers the Bible gets a little fat phobic here.
But it goes into great detail about how the large belly of Eglon sucks the full like two foot knife into him.
And starts to even emerge out the back.
And then Ehud just climbs out of a window and leaves.
Okay.
And everyone is waiting outside the door and they're all embarrassed to open the door for a long time because they think he's on the can.
Yeah this is very Hitman.
Yeah.
This is extremely Hitman.
Yeah they open the door.
One guy runs in and he says this looks like an accident.
I know we started this as a bit but like this has some legs.
It's got legs.
And we've got legs now that we have a thousand patrons which is also exciting.
Ehud said right before he killed him he was like I have a message from God for you.
Yeah.
And then fucking stabbed him.
Extremely badass.
Yeah like a great story.
And that's also a very Agent 47 kind of move isn't it?
I have a message for you.
I have a message from God.
Good one.
But he's dressed in a priest outfit when he does it.
Yes exactly.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So let's kind of wrap up here.
Yeah there's not much else.
The rest of this episode.
They reach a compromise.
Right.
Jack finally in convincing the girls to talk to each other he's like oh I guess I should talk to Jason too.
Right.
And so he.
Well and the impetus for that the whole reason that he realizes that he needs to talk to Jason is that he tells Erica this story.
About a kid who he grew up with who had a radio flyer wagon.
Yeah.
They can't actually say radio flyer.
They just say big red wagon.
Um and you know even though they fought over this wagon for a little while uh they were still best friends.
And that man's name was John Avery Whittaker.
Yeah because they can't reveal yet that Jack and and Whit actually did have a much bigger falling out.
That will come up later.
Oh shit.
Okay.
That's just for you AJ.
I'm very excited.
Uh I will say that what I like about that particular scene is that Jack really wants the kid to come to like her own realization about it.
Whit usually would just tell kids what to do.
But Jack is like is trying to like get her to get there by herself.
He's a little condescending in my opinion.
It is.
It's definitely condescending.
Well I mean I think in the second part especially when he actually does actually just tell her what to do.
Right.
But there is just like you know for a lot of it it does seem leading but helpful.
Yeah.
There's there's something there's something much nicer about the fact that again Jack has flaws and he tells these kids here's a mistake that I made.
Yeah.
Right.
When I was a kid.
Don't make the same mistake.
You don't want to lose your friend.
That's powerful.
Yeah.
Saying that openly and honestly without judgment is a very very powerful thing to do.
Yeah.
Just in general.
So.
And he's a good actor.
Yeah.
So he talks to Jason and he's like okay I'm not opposed to the video games entirely.
And Jason adds a bit where instead of just getting a narration in between chapters when a kid beats a level they have to respond to a trivia question.
Love this.
And like side of course.
Instructional designer here.
We love a good assessment.
Yeah.
It's a it's a key part of any instructional design.
Yeah.
And this is the thing I called this shot earlier by the way when I was listening to this episode.
I was like Jason you dumbass you didn't design this game using good instructional design principles.
You need a fucking assessment.
Yeah.
So Jason has to call up his good friend Jonathan Blow.
He has some great ideas on how to do instructional design which again I mean unironically because I like his games.
He's a bad person.
I like his games.
But so this game then ends up going from a simple bit of foppery to a full baked edutainment title.
I hate it when my games are designed by a fop.
Jason has invented edutainment.
Did someone play my game wrong?
A damned despicable predicament you find yourselves in.
Why not press the B button?
Oh.
Oh.
That was a very merry undeath for you.
People forget about that point in the 80s where all the best arcade games were not coming from Japan or the US.
They were all being designed by the Scarlet Pimpernel.
Um.
E.T.
Get out of that hole.
Oh no.
So they don't get rid of the games.
They put them in a soundproof room that takes one day to build.
Yes.
That's classic.
Soundproofing is very expensive folks.
Currently as we speak there are panels on Brian's roof.
Yeah.
That he is installing for soundproofing.
Those aren't for soundproofing.
Those are for sound treating.
They don't proof shit.
Yes.
Soundproofing is incredibly expensive.
I would need to get rock wool and shit like that.
But Jason's probably just going down to the asbestos mine underneath Wits End.
Most likely.
Most likely.
Yeah.
The whole place is just built out of roof.
Um.
So.
Aww.
That's going to pay off later on folks.
Okay.
Oh.
Oh.
One other piece here.
Yeah.
We've got Erica and Courtney.
There's a third girl.
Her name's Courtney.
Don't worry about it.
Yeah.
Courtney was the go between girl.
Yeah.
They.
They.
They.
They.
They.
A third girl is hit Wits End.
There's this like.
She flew into it.
There's a.
There's like this fucking like four or five minute long scene or at least it felt that
long where they're like.
Hours.
Baking cookies and going back and forth about whether this movie star is hot.
And all I can say is this is the most.
Oh.
Down Gilead Lane.
Yeah.
Coded scene I have ever heard in Adventures in Osteen.
Well this movie star thing is from an episode we didn't listen to.
Okay.
Because Marshall Younger is the lore guy.
This is a character that Marshall Younger came up with.
Nick Grant is the name of the actor that they like who's like not a good actor but they
like going to his movies.
Hmm.
This is from an episode called is this really Chad Pearson or something like that where
Bart Rathbone sees that Erica and Kim are really into this actor and then does a contest where
you can win a date with him and then Connie wins the contest and has no idea who he is.
That's what you're thinking of.
Yeah.
Tad Hamilton.
So that is Marshall Younger doing the Marshall Younger thing and connecting it to some sort
of larger continuity.
But.
But it's Hugh Grant right?
It's just.
No.
It's just Hugh Grant.
It's an American guy.
Oh okay.
It's so strange.
But he does love getting pissed on as much as Hugh Grant does.
I just want to be very very clear about that.
He's more of a Leonardo DiCaprio or something.
I don't know.
Yeah.
He's young.
Oh.
No he's more of a Hugh Grant.
Again it's the piss thing.
He's American.
And he loves getting pissed on.
I don't know how many times I can say this.
I don't know how many times I can say this.
I don't know how many times I can say this.
I don't know how many times I can say this.
Have you ever met him?
Not as Hugh Grant does.
I have it on good authority.
You know what's really funny is that after all the shit we've said on this podcast it would be so funny if we were finally shut down because Hugh Grant will never be able to enter the UK.
Because it's not the shit we talk it's the piss we talk that matters.
Which is the moral of this episode.
But yeah.
They make this compromise.
I have that tattoo on my back.
But the video games never appear again.
They will apparently be referenced very soon.
Yeah.
The games actually just got shoved through the note on the note.
A ton of very angry letters from parents.
Oh.
On this episode?
Yeah.
Because of this episode.
Because there were any video games at all.
Because there was a compromise on it at all.
Because of these filthy satanic things.
So it was just out of the question to ever incorporate video games again.
Of course the passage of time is relentless.
It never does stop.
And so actually Bob Hoose who later becomes a director and writer on Adventures in Odyssey.
AJ are you laughing at Bob Hoose?
It's a ridiculous name.
AJ I'll have you know.
Go down the bar hoose.
I'll have you know that you are insulting one of the leading lights in Christian sketch comedy right now.
Oh.
Wait.
What?
What?
No.
Yeah.
He was part of I think they were called the Jeremiah people.
They have records.
Was this like Christian Mr. Show?
I don't know if I'd put it that far.
Maybe Christian Cheech and Chong.
It's around that time.
It's much older.
Right.
But they have records.
So they're stoners?
They're like California Christians?
No.
They're just Christians man.
Oh okay.
But yeah he started as an actor on Adventures in Odyssey.
He later kind of became a director and then a writer on the show.
And I think he still writes for it occasionally.
But now Bob Hoose works for Plugged In because he wanted to expand their video game coverage.
Which is focused on the family's reviews of things.
So I think he just reviewed Hell and Wake 2 actually.
I'm going to look that up right now.
It's not that interesting.
I already looked it up.
I was going to grab a quote from it if it was funny enough.
But it's not.
The thing is like.
Did he like it?
I guess.
Well here's the summary.
I'll just read the log here.
Yeah.
There's no mistaking the creative survival horror detail behind Alan Wake 2.
But it parades its grisly clotted and darkly foul M rating like a badge of honor.
That's kind of funny.
That's a little funny.
But he's a bit more.
The website on the whole is a bit more measured as to being like.
You know this movie probably is okay for adults.
One particular character is fully naked with exposed genitals and backside.
And the language is often very harsh.
Featuring F and S words.
And misuses of gods in Jesus's names.
Yeah.
It's a shame they don't count it like they do in the movies.
Like whenever they watch a movie they're like.
There's 23 F words and 16 S words.
I love when they tally it.
But they don't do it for the video games.
So like.
Yeah.
You know.
Also there were Adventures in Odyssey computer games.
As we now unfortunately know.
The tide has shifted.
Right.
Yeah.
At this point the parents of kids that are going to be like going to focus on the family
for the kids stuff.
As opposed to just people giving them money for you know lobbying efforts.
They play video games.
Their kids play Roblox or fucking whatever.
Right.
Like there's just no way to get away or get away from it anymore.
The tide.
Oh.
The tides shifted pretty quickly too.
Like.
Yeah.
Red wagons and pink flamingos.
Red wagons and pink flamingos.
Hello.
Originally aired January 7 1995.
And the first Adventures in Odyssey CD-ROM titled Adventures in Odyssey 3D CD-ROM was released
for Windows in 1998.
So that's just three years later.
Yeah.
And like.
Yeah.
Early 2000s.
We get the Novacom saga and the Nova box basically is a video game console.
And they're still not like pro video game in the text.
But basically the lesson of the Novacom saga is there is technology.
It can be good and it can be bad.
And what matters is that we take the technology that exists and harness it for good.
Meaning.
By the way.
Teach people about the Lord.
Yeah.
And I'm sure everybody too is just really wanting to know what happened with Kim and
Erica.
Yeah.
And they made an awesome show.
Great job.
They did.
They reunite.
They have.
They fucking Erica or Kim or one of them.
I don't care has bought a best friend created actually made a homemade best friend necklace
in the shape of a flamingo, which pays off the bit from the beginning and also half the
title of this episode.
She's really into flamingos.
Yeah.
Erica forgave Kim for going on at Sullivan without her.
And, you know, despite that whole thing being a complete debacle, it seems like they're
really going to patch things up.
You know, there was a whole subplot about being with a rock star and ice house at one
point, but we're probably just going to cut that for most youth theater productions.
Yeah.
And I didn't.
It's a little too intense, I think, for kids.
And I didn't clip any of the Paul Lind stuff.
Yeah.
Even though he.
Great performance.
Great performance.
He was so good in this episode.
Yeah.
Really good.
I don't know why you cut it, Brian.
Yeah.
You know, I think I think he's better on Hollywood squares.
Can you can you real quick just like give me maybe your favorite Paul Lind line from
this episode from this episode?
Yeah.
The flamingo is not the only thing that's pink around here.
I don't think we're going to top that, boys.
Let's wrap it up.
Thanks again for getting us to a thousand.
Everyone.
We really appreciate you.
Oh, my God.
Beyond just this live show, we've got a lot of other really exciting stuff coming up in
the pipeline for this year.
So stay tuned for more onward and upward.
And as always, I'm the worst of all possible Josh's.
I'm the worst of all possible AJ's.
And I'm Mickey Mouse.
Fuck you.
Yes.
