 you're listening to Welcome to Slay Therapy where self-care is the vibe, where we work through unpacking your trauma so that you can rediscover your inner savage. This is worse. Yeah, look, we're kind of not like other therapy, so feel free to trauma dump while I sit here and say exactly. We only offer three kinds of diagnosis here at Slay Therapy. BPD girly, ADHD, and main character syndrome. Our main philosophy here is that everyone who has ever called you out for anything is a covert narcissist, period. Period. You know that hit the T on it. Yeah, and it's not because you're making fun of AAVE. It's because we're making fun of gay people and women specifically. Straight men, you are fine. You're fine. Let's go around here and we'll do a quick vibe check. I'm going to get you guys to take several seats. You're all here to work through some toxic workplace issues. And I can see here that you all work at podcast. Andrew, you were just saying that you feel silenced when the others won't let you speak about a movie they haven't seen, which feels like a microaggression because you are a kind of ADHD coded. So I'm going to ask you all to join in and say, Andrew, you are valid. Andrew, you are valid. You are valid. Thank you. I also want Theo to stop sniffing my microphone when I'm out of the room. Well, I mean, that's just kind of a thing that he does. I'm feeling some controlling vibes coming from Andrew. I can tell you that much. Narcissist? Narcissist? Andrew? Narcissist? Narcissist? Narcissist. Now, Theo, you were just saying that playing your Steam Deck while you're recording the podcast hits different and is caring for your inner child. It's healing your inner child. So it's okay for you to hold that boundary. So I'd like us to all agree here as a group that we're going to hold space for Theo and to be more affirming. Yes. Yes? Yes. Thank you so much. I cannot actually stop fiddling. I got a note from the doctor. While you were kind of leading up to this, I was playing with the little thing that changes the wall connector on my laptop charger. And while doing so, I pinched a bunch of my thumb in there and pulled off the skin. And now my thumb's bleeding and I've got blood all over this. Oh, okay. Oh, man. Should try and fiddling with a chip clip instead. Yeah. He'd probably pinch his thumb in the chip clip. Yeah. Probably. I've got a key puller, which is fantastic for stimming on. I did get a fidget cube at one stage, but it was like a cheap one. I reckon I've got to pay like, how much are we paying for a good fidget cube? Do you reckon? Like a medical, like, you go into the prescription fidget cube. Pure tungsten. Oh. I've just been pulling the lid on and off of a Sharpie and those cost about two bucks each. And that's been doing a pretty good job for me. Is that a medical Sharpie? Yeah. They went off when they invented the Sharpie lid. They put their whole pussy into it. Oh, God damn. Ben, you were just speaking your truth a second ago, telling us that when you have to edit the podcast, that's not the vibe. And it's also low-key codependent behavior on our behalf, which is valid. I just want to say that is valid. And I'm wondering how we can better make space for you and your inner savage. Yes. Well, I think a lot of people owe me, they need to sort of look after my needs. But something I really need to stress is that I don't owe anyone anything. Oh, of course. Nobody does. Yes. Except for the people that owe me stuff. Yeah. Everyone owes me something, but I don't owe anyone anything. Yeah. The obligation sort of run towards like, because I need to be okay, because otherwise, what are we doing here? Yeah. But like, I didn't ask to be born. So. That is important to remember. I've got to look after myself. You know, if I'm not doing well, how am I going to make life nice for the people around me? Exactly. Put on your mask before fixing the child's one. Yes. That's what they tell you on the plane. Yeah. Yes. Get out of the plane before taking the child out with you. Yeah. Yes. Yes. I'm not saying that I am the world's main character. I am just saying that if I die, as far as I know, the entire world goes away. Gone. Yes. Gone. When I close my eyes, I go to sleep. Nothing. I go to sleep. It's black. Yeah. Nothing out there. Yes. You know what's crazy about Ben is that his inner savage has a crew cut. Yes. Not what I would have pictured. It's ironic, isn't it? It is. You wouldn't anticipate that. Long pants, too. And yours has braids, Andrew. But I think that one was a bit more obvious. That seems very obvious from the outside. Yeah. Yeah. One side, like, center part, very long hair, one side tight braids, other side dreadlocks. Yeah. Hey, if you heard the 10 minutes of talking we did before this episode started, you might have wanted to report this episode for a number of things, but you didn't. So there's nothing to report. It's time for the nothing to report report. It's the nothing to report report report report. The nothing to report report report. The nothing to report report report. The nothing to report report. What happened? Nothing. Shh. So you should mind your fucking business. Nothing to report report report report. Nothing to report report report. Nothing to report report report. Report report. Nothing to report report. This is from WNCT in North Carolina. The wanked. Investigation of skeletal remains at former funeral home closing up. Okay. Yep. Great. It's a skeleton. Yeah. Fantastic. Glad we got that sorted. Just in time for Halloween. Greenville police say they're finishing up their investigation at a former funeral home where the new owner found skeletal remains. Greenville police responded and found three other sets of remains. Okay. Great place for them. Good place for skeletons. I don't agree. I think that typically they're given bodies. Yeah. And then they only hold onto them for a little while. I didn't really think of it that way. Yeah. Like as long as it takes to put lipstick on, I guess. Yeah. You don't have to go into the grave, but you can't stay here. Here's the thing though. You know, sometimes you get some bodies, you get a few more bodies and all of a sudden that task looks insurmountable and you need to take time for self-care. Hold space. Make lists. You've been trying to make lists. Hold space for yourself. Sure bracelets. Make lists. Give yourself a break. Practice radical acceptance. Ignore that smell. Because inside all of us on a long enough timeline is a skeleton. You know? Yeah. Inside all of us is a skeleton. Just generally. It doesn't really matter the timeline. It'll just be all a skeleton at some point, I guess. Or if you consider that, you know, I guess the synapses firing in your head to be you or what you, the consciousness that you experience, you are actually inside a skeleton. That's quite true. You're never a skeleton, I guess. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I should think about it. The skeleton was the bones inside us all along. No. Yeah. Well, I mean, yeah. No, I guess. But we've just figured out that we're inside the skeleton. I don't think the skeleton's actually inside us. I think it is us. I think I am sort of like the me. Yeah. Like when you're talking to me, my identity is just sort of in the middle of my, like, my center of gravity. I think that's where I live. Sort of just above your belly button there. Yeah. So it's not really connected to my brain or anything in particular. That's just sort of the middle area of me is where I am. Can't you picture yourself as a skeleton though? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That big gap in the front teeth. That'd be pretty funny to look at. Is it true that we never knew what the brain was until, like, recently? We just knew that if you hit it really hard that you'd die. Like this year? Like probably. I don't know about recently as a term. I don't know. That, like, you know. Well, okay. Imagine you're a peasant, right? I think they were doing lobotomies like 100 years ago. You go on, like, Brogan. And then someone asks you, like, what you reckon. Like, first of all, what do you reckon's inside of us? And then second of all, what do you reckon that does? Oh, the light of God was the answer. You know? So true. Yeah. I think we've known that cognition happened in the brain for, like, longer than you would think. I don't think so. I think so. We were probably able to deduce that from, like, when there were just people, like, hitting horses on the head with rocks and being like, ah. We used to stop it from thinking. It seems to make him stupid. We used to know that there was brain function and we also knew that that function was greatly corrupted by a woman coming into contact with a book. Yes. Yeah. Oh, she's getting hysteria. Okay. So Theo has the body language of someone who's going like, you know what? I'm going to Google this. What have you searched for? What could you possibly look for to get that answer? When brain work, no. Okay. So it's going to go. How do brain us? The brain. Here's how it's going to go. There's going to be two hits. One hit in the searches of Wikipedia and then second me hitting that link. Yeah. And then a third looking for history. History, society, and culture. Okay. No idea. All right. Hundreds of years at a minimum. Like hundreds. Hundreds. It's got to be hundreds because we were like jamming stuff into people's brains to see what it would do like in like Victorian era. I think Marcus Aurelius knew about the brain. I think we knew about the brain. The earliest reference to the brain occurs in the Edwin Smith surgical papyrus written in the 17th century BC. That's not that long ago either. That's actually shockingly recent. 17th century BC before Christ. BC? Yes. Did you say BC? Oh, right. Okay. No, did you say BC? Yeah. The hieroglyph, the hieroglyph of brain occurring eight times in this papyrus describes the symptoms, diagnosis, and prognosis of two patients wounded in the head who had compound fractures of the skull. I knew it. The assessments of the author, a battlefield surgeon, allude to ancient Egyptians having a vague recognition of the effects of head trauma. Yes. The author of the passage notes, quote, The Hurt of the exposed brain. Yeah, that's yucky. That's yucky. That's yucky. I hate the exposed brain stuff. I hate the ending to Hannibal. Yeah. I just went back on, Theo. Last night I watched Ray Liotta eating a little bit of his own brain. He's doing great work in that scene. It's not good. It's not good. All right? When they wheel him out and he waves goodbye. Oh, that's good stuff. Now, a search has been conducted all throughout this week to make sure the building and surrounding areas have been cleared. GPD coordinated efforts with ECU, Department of Anthropology, the NCSBI, North Carolina, State Bureau of Investigation. Probably. Yeah. Canine teams, the Medical Examiner's Office, and the City of Public Works to conduct the searches. Quote, They said that? I've been drinking. I'm professional. Luckily, we haven't found anything else that would indicate that anything else was left at the scene. So we're just kind of wrapping all of that up. It doesn't look like there's any criminal activity that we can pursue at this time. The former owner of the property and the operator of that business is deceased, so we're just following up to make sure everything has been properly collected, recorded, and handled at that point in time, said Major Tara Stanton. The Criminal Investigations Bureau of the Greenville Police Department. As of right now, there are no criminal charges. What are they going to charge? So they kept a skeleton. Yeah. Maybe they did a little puppeteering with it. Maybe they had some fun with it. Let sleeping skeletons lie. Yes. You know? This is so funny to be like, oh, fuck, we've got to find all these. Okay, we've got them. What do you want to do now? Oh, no, that's it. Yeah, no, I'm kind of done here. Yeah. I put a tag on all of them. Skeleton one. Skeleton two. Skeleton four. Wink. They're going to be looking for that third one for ages. It's knockoff time, brother. They're going to have to make it one guy's job who manages the evidence locker. They're like, this is taking up way too much space. It's your job to break these down with a hammer like you're crushing cans or breaking up styrofoam out by the dumpster. Yeah. It's all there. Yeah. If you could get these into a Ziploc bag. Like one of the big ones, like the IKEA eight quart bag or whatever it is. Measuring things. Measuring things in quarts on those bags. Classic IKEA bag that we all know and love. Why would they be using quarts? Well, they've got a couple of different measurements on there. Yeah. I mean. They probably use liters, right? They probably use liters. Probably just use liters because it's like one of the hundred and however many countries that do. Yeah. One's four liters and the other six liters. You get them in a box that's got both sizes in them and they're good. I use them for marinating meat. Oh. Huh. And storing skeletons. Yes. Powdered skeletons. Hey, I guess if you find a bunch of skeletons buried at a property, the only thing that's really important is documenting them. We look into stuff that's documented in Document Watch. Boy, it's a good thing we have the segment Document Watch. You know, you make these and you think, I'm never going to use them. I'm never going to use them. Yeah. They just come up. Yeah. Big egg? What the fuck's that for? Oh, God. I've got to find some fucking egg news. This comes to us from WKRG in Alabama. Lecraig. Lecraig. Lecraig. Over 7,000 pounds of documents shredded at Better Business Bureau Shred Day in Daphne. Great day for it. Bring the kids out. That's a lot of shredding. That sounds like fun. That's three and a half tons of documents. You've been saving them up for a shred day? You must. You must. They're not yesterday's documents. That's not this weekend's documents. That's not a days of documents. Yeah. No, for sure. People on the Eastern Shore looking to get rid of unwanted documents and papers went to Tractor Supply in Daphne Friday morning for a Community Shred Day hosted by the Better Business Bureau. Community Shred Day. Love it. Cars lined up as early as 7.15am Friday morning bringing in documents to get shredded in a safe way. This would be so funny if it was just like a police sting. Yeah. Like they just eyeball all the documents before they put them in the shredder. Got him. Shred your illegal documents. This is 100% what's happening, right? Like this is a very strange thing to do. They've got a shipping container that's open at both ends and you can hear like an industrial machinery noise coming from it and then the cop goes, yep, next up. And you take all your armfuls of stuff and walk through the door to find that there's actually like a Bluetooth speaker blaring shredding noise. Shredding music. Yeah. And a table with two FBI agents sitting at it. All right. Let's see. Let's have a little look at what you got here. Seven hours shredding white noise. Oh, tax documents. I get that they have a reason for why they do this, which I'm about to read out. But like this just is so suspicious. Who's like rocking up with like a car full of paper? Like, yep, got to destroy these. Couldn't do it at home for some reason. Couldn't do it at home. Yeah. Quote, it's just important to make sure that your identity is safe and you don't throw credit card offers or anything with your personal information. It's the garbage at your house. Okay. Mondo Donaldson of the Better Business Bureau. Am I not supposed to be doing that? I put things like that in the bin instead of the recycling. That's the only step I'll take. Oh, okay. It's covered by like bin slime. It's in a bag. It's covered with bin stuff. No one wants to touch a bin stuff if I throw out a card. I tear my shit up. If it's a card, I'll cut the card up. Yeah. Just tear yourself up. It's not that much harder to like tear it up with your hands than it is to put it and shred it. Like, I don't think the average fraud person is committed enough to full on do like a giant jigsaw puzzle of your like ATO documents. Yeah. That's just not fucking happening, surely. But I also think that we're like, I think Americans, if their social security number goes walkabouts, then they're fucked. That's, what is the deal? You get one. They have like one special magic number that's like your secret number. Or you're like, you can't, you don't tell people your social security number. Yeah. Except if they need it and they work for the government. I hate the social security number. It's fucked. It's hell on earth. What is the point of that? You can have my everything number. You can have my ABN. You can have my customer reference number for Centrelink. You can have my driver's license number. Have my bank number. What are you going to do? Put some cash in there? You're going to give me some money? What can people actually do with your social security number? I don't understand. I think it's really easy comparatively and they give it to you on like a piece of cardboard or something. Like, I know we've got a tax file number, but like, what are you going to do, pay by taxes? Yeah. Give it to your parents at the fucking hospital. Like, oh, got some wild wing sauce on there. Don't worry about that. You're going to want to keep that for life. Keep that. I am, like, it seems like the deal over here is it's the government's job to keep records about you and you can say, can I have a copy of my tax return, for example? Yeah. You know? It's your job. Over there, the government's like, it's your job to manage all these records and if you lose any of them, that's your problem. Yes. Yeah, you've got to tell them how much, you've got to decide how much tax you owe them and then pay it. And if you get it wrong, they're like, well, fuck you. Uh-oh. Yeah. Time to kill you. Yeah. I was, I was, I don't know, I needed a bunch of ID for something and I was just trying to see if I had any like scanned documents saved on my computer and I was having a look and I realized that I still have, I'm pretty sure like the original of my birth certificate. Wow. Not the extract? You got the OG? I think I have the OG, which is fucking insane that this document that's been kicking around since 1990 is still the one that I just like keep loose in a drawer at the moment. It's not loose. It's in a, it's in a plastic sleeve. But like, isn't that nuts? Yeah, it's pretty crazy. Have you guys ever lost a birth certificate? I doubt I have mine. I have lost everything in my entire life. It's strange that we have a piece of paper that's just like. It's pretty fucking stupid. Proof that you exist? Yeah. You can get a house charge. You can get a one. Yeah, I'm not a piece of paper. You just ask for one, right? You just go in and you have another different hundred points of ID and they probably just print one out for you, right? Yes. We did have some, we had some kind of long running issue when we got married and Elna like changed her surname on a bunch of different things due to the patriarchy. And I was like, I win. I don't have to do anything. And then like at some point she tried to do something. I don't know what the fuck it was to like get a passport updated or whatever. And they were like, okay, we just need your, your, uh, like birth certificate, you know, we need your ID with your name on it. Whatever it was, she had somehow just not updated like one crucial thing at the time of the marriage. And it turned into this very, very kind of like, you know, she, she used an ID with a married name to register an account somewhere. And then they were like, we need your birth certificate. And then a birth certificate doesn't have a married name on it or whatever the fuck. And, uh, uh, a crazy cycle of stuff. But that's basically like the one time in the last fucking 40 years that there has been some kind of issue with this that was difficult to resolve. You know, we've just stopped signing up to stuff. Yeah, it's good. Smart. The last thing was blockbuster, I think. Over 300 people bought documents that might have personal information that they didn't want falling into the wrong hands. So on average, people brought in like 10 kilos of documents. Just your personal documents. Like this is just my personal stuff. Documents needed shredded. Or did everyone bring in like a handful of things and then like one guy had like an aging station wagon just full of like archive boxes and documents. Documents, George, should not have been counted, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, also just set fire to the station wagon. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Classic analog document style. You know what? You don't even have to like set fire to the car and abandon it. You just start the fire. You stand by it next to the interstate and you go, ah, God, thank you so much for pulling over. I was just driving and then freaking car caught on fire. Ah, shit. We should probably bring this into the police. You're a witness, right? My car caught on fire. I was driving all of these documents to be digitized. You can look in there and you can see archive boxes that I was doing my due diligence with to get digitized that got caught on fire accidentally. What a shame. Yeah. You saw that, huh? Yeah. That ever happened to you? Monday told WKRG that around 7,000 of paper, sorry, 7,000 of paper. That's so much paper. That around 7,000 pounds of paper was shredded and recycled at the event Friday morning. The Better Business Bureau is planning another community shred day for the next spring in Mobile County. Get down there. Get rid of your documents. Get your documents shredded. Maybe there's a business of like driving around with a little van. Like a mobile shredding van? A little mobile shredding van playing green sleeves. Everyone rushes out. Quick, quick, quick. Grab the documents. Grab the documents. Have you ever seen the, I don't know if they're Queensland only or if they're Australia wide, but they got a great business name and logo. ShredX. Oh, yeah. I saw ShredX today. I saw that today and I said, what the fuck is that? Yeah, it's ShredX. It's dope. They're in Victoria. It's so cool. They're all over the place. Is this a new thing? I literally saw that today. Maybe it's just in the end of the ages. Maybe I've just seen it in Hobart. What a branding success. Yeah. Great fucking names. ShredX is dope. It sounds like a name for the like, the drug you take in Fallout that makes you strong. And they have a fucking panther for their logo who looks cool as fuck. Am I out of touch? They will straight up more your documents. Are you out of touch in like the document shredding world? It's like, how many businesses need more shredding than can be done with like an in-house paper shredder? I think it's kind of like- Oh, tons. You know if you're like cooking an elaborate meal and you sort of, you wash as you go, it's not a problem. But if you don't, you get to the end and you're like, holy fuck. I think a lot of businesses, they go, well, I'll put this on the to shred pile. You get to the end of the year and you go, fuck, we're going to need ShredX. I've always worked in places where they've got like a gigantic blue bin with a little slit in the top that you put your documents in. And at some point, someone takes away all of the bins and then they bring back empty bins. And they might be leafing through the documents like a filthy paper person. I would be. I reckon all their new employees do that the first shift and then they realize that it's all so fucking boring. Yeah. And hard. You've got to do so many. Yeah. And then they're like, don't worry. I don't need to see what's in there. Don't worry. Yeah. And that's when you miss the good stuff, you know? That picture of the guy who's like been digging a hole. He walks away from all the interesting documents. I bet some of these people shredding some of these documents had some stuff in there that they wish they could forget. Sometimes people feel like that about relationships. And we talk about relationships in Paging Dr. Lucy. If you find that you are having a little relationship trouble Just to pick up your telephone and dial it on the double You call 1-800-317-515 Now you're paging Dr. Lucy This comes to us from r slash swingers. This is actually two posts. It's a two-parter. First post here. My friend proposed a foursome with our girlfriends. We're in college. He knows I'm bisexual and he's straight. Does anyone have any advice? He sends me workout pics. We've seen each other naked. And I really want to blow him. He says he wants to fuck my girlfriend and his girlfriend wants to fuck me. Everyone is down. Okay. So that's the first post. All right. So let's track that. This guy, the original poster, wants to fuck the guy. But that guy straight doesn't want to fuck him. Yes. The straight guy that doesn't want to fuck the original poster wants to fuck the other guy's girlfriend. The girlfriend of the guy that wants to fuck him. It's just a straight swap, right? Straight swap. Straight swap situation. Yeah, it's a straight swap, but with a lingering hint of desire between a one-way. Yeah. Oh, and by the way, I want to slope his shit. Yeah. I would absolutely love to bounce on that. No worries. If not, I realize you're going to be fucking my girlfriend. But hey, I'm going to be fucking yours. Yes. So we're all good, right? No problems. Are they clear on whether they will continue fucking their own girlfriends? Oh, like in the mix? Whether they're doing like a swap situation? What's a foursome, right? They said foursome rather than just, you're in the same room. Yeah. You're switching around. Oh, the chaos, the confusion in the fog of war? Yeah. Whose penis is going on? What if I blew you? What if I blew you? Would that be crazy? Why are you stating this as understood, Lucy? I don't understand. I think that's what happens. You're all in the same bed. Yeah. You're not getting like the two single beds separated from each other hotel room. If we're going on like acquired knowledge here, I assume that they're all talking some sort of Slavic language at this point. Just through my experiences of where I've seen this happen. Right. On SBS. All right. Ben, you're taken aback by that? I am. Okay. And I thought you would use that as an opportunity to get me untaken aback. What are you saying? What are you suggesting? Just where I've seen this sort of situation unfold. Yes. Okay. You think this is a Slavic situation? Audio visual sort of thing. You're suggesting that the pornography you've seen has largely been Russian? Oh, is that what it was? The documentaries you've seen on that website. Interesting. There's a follow-up post here. It's just a hotbed for foursomes. That's all I'm saying. No wonder. You think that the Russian pornography has a higher rate of foursomes? I didn't say Russian. I don't know if that's true. I didn't say Russian. I said Slavic. It could be. Ukrainian? Ukrainian. I'm watching that Belarusian porno. It could be Belarusian. I don't know what countries are Slavic and which aren't. I have such a weak knowledge of that region. I'm just not going to say anything. I don't want to say the wrong one. Yes. Andrew's taking a punt. Good on you, Andrew. Yeah. That sounds right. Belarus? Yeah. Yeah. Follow-up post. Wait. No, I don't think Romania is Slavic. I don't think so. No. Serbs and Croatians, are they Slavic? Croatians? Croatians. They feel Slavic to me. Baltic? Like, update, we're having a foursome. Yay. We created a group chat and shared a few pictures, all very tasteful. Okay. Sorry, we're all right, by the way. So it doesn't have to be tasteful. Yeah. All of those correct, including Romania? So we've got different kinds of Slavs, and this is, somebody else has written this. Someone else has written this, not me. Rank your Slavs. Rank your Slavs. We've got the East Slavs, which includes those in Belarus, Russia and Ukraine. The West Slavs, which include those living in the Czech Republic, Poland and Slovakia. And these people all fucking hate each other. Yeah. And the South Slavs, which are people who live in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia and Slovenia. Yeah. That's where the videos are from. Okay. Probably Slovenian. Largely Slovenian. You guys watched one from each. I try and keep it domestic. I want to hear Australian accents. I don't know which one, like, you're scrolling down in the comments. Which Slavs are these? Yeah. Anyone got a name for Slavs? Slav Hunter. I don't want to be watching any Macedonian porn. I thought this was a normal video. Then I find out it is South Slavs. I feel sick. I kind of forgot that Belarus was a country. Like, I just haven't thought about it for a really long time. Yeah, I always forget that one. They got 10 million people there. That's half in Australia. The only thought I have of them is that they are north of Ukraine. And I know that because of the pictures of the radiation trails from Chernobyl following the accident. That checks out. Yeah. I know it's real because that's where former UFC heavyweight champion Andrei the Pitbull Arlovsky is from. Yeah, I was going to say too. Yeah, he seems... The man with the most broken looking nose on the planet. Follow-up post. Update. We're having a foursome. Oh, sorry. I already said that. We get to say yeah, yeah, yeah. Created a group chat. Shared a few pictures. All very tasteful. We decided on ground rules as well. Mm-hmm. Condoms for one of the girls. Only kissing allowed for girl on girl play. No kissing for guy on guy play. Incidental contact allowed. Hand jobs and ball fondling between guys are allowed. What? No kissing. Yeah. No kissing. No kissing. Hand jobs fine. No kissing because that implies some sort of intimacy. Yes. Okay. Emotional intimacy. Emotional intimacy. Okay. We'll literally jerk each other off instead of going to therapy. Yes. Yes. That is so true. I've watched a lot of videos about that actually. Yeah. The girls are only kissing. Yes. The girls are like... They're allowed to kiss because like when girls do it, it's not the same. It's not the same thing. It's unsexy and playful. It's not... Yeah. When guys do it, they mean it. Yeah. I think that's the difference. When men kiss, that's real. When men kiss, they put their whole pussy into it. Can I kiss with their whole pussy? Yes. Can I offer an observation though? The language here, the language here is telling because there's a difference between saying here's the stuff that they want to do and here's the stuff you're allowed to do. Yeah. Allowed is the limitation which makes me go, is the limitation put in place by someone else, by one of your partners. When we say only kissing allowed... The ladies don't want to see kissing. Yeah. Because they think it's gay. Because they think it's gay. They're bifurbing. Don't do gay stuff. Yes. Just go back to jerking them off. Yeah. Just do some straight heterosexual classic guy stuff like jerking each other off. Like ball fondling. And ball fondling. I love that no incidental... Oh, sorry. Incidental contact allowed. And hand jumps and ball fondling. Like if you're allowing hand jumps and ball fondling, why would you even have to have a stipulation about incidental contact? Are we talking about like maybe a brushing of members? Like if the cocks touch each other. Yeah. Like ships passing in the night. Like get a fucking penis away from my penis. Yeah. You can jerk it off though. Yes. I wish you would. No. We're actually a little better at this than the girls. But if we're saying hand job and ball fondling between guys is allowed. Yes. Yes. No kissing for guy on guy play. Incidental contact allowed. I am taking that as incidental brushing of the lips. Oh. You're trying to get past each other to another pussy and then you just... Oh. Yeah. Excuse me. Oop. I'm going to get by you there. Sorry. Can I just... Oop. Oop. Oh. Oh. Right on the lips. Oh. Sorry. Oh. It's okay. That was incidental. I hope this isn't weird and I hope it's okay for me to say this. But you have a very tasty penis. Yeah. Condoms for one of the girls. Condoms for one of the girls. Of the girls. Now one always tells the truth and one always lies. Yeah. You got to figure out. Like... Are you taking them on and off? Are you putting them on and off? That's the question here. Or are we talking like... What are those things called? Diaphragms. Maybe she's wearing the condom. I doubt it. I don't think anyone uses those. Yeah. What are you doing sort of going... Oh. Look. I'll set a timer. And I'll spend 10 minutes over here. And then I'll whip that condom off. Reset that timer. I'll say... Start again. On the timer. When it pops off. Mm-hmm. And then I'll get back in there. And after 10 minutes, I'm breaking open another condom. Yes. As long as there isn't... You're like there. Although... You're up a lot here. If the other one hasn't fallen on the floor and there's no cat hair on it, I'll just put that one back on. Oh. Oh. God. That's fucking disgusting. That's fucking... Waste not, want not, you know? The world has finite resources, Ben. So true. Also, like, I don't want to... We don't know anything about this situation. People are allowed to feel how they feel. Everyone's unique and beautiful. The guy that says that he's straight and doesn't want anything happening between the two of them, that guy wants to fuck for sure. Yeah. He sends me workout pics. We've seen each other naked? Yeah. And he's invited you into a foursome? And he's like, no, no, no. No gay shit. No gay stuff. No gay shit. Just the ball fondling. Just ball... I was saying ball fondling is very funny. Yeah. Look, I don't want to write how gay things are, but if you want to... If you did. Yeah. Perhaps. It doesn't say no finishing. So what if that's how he finished? In the sexy foursome... By being jacked off by his homie. Yeah. MMFF kind of setup. MFMF. MFMF. Yeah. MFFM even. It could be... Yeah. I have seen that configuration. It just feels like the ball fondling falls under the hair job umbrella. Oh, yeah. Very much. Yeah. You're not getting... Separate them specifically. Yeah. You're not going to kind of send a ball fondle back to the kitchen if you've ordered a handjob. That's right. Yeah. I think if he's like lightly touching the inside of your thigh, that falls under the handjob umbrella. 100%. Yeah. If a guy's stroking my dick and then touches my balls, I'm not going to be like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Give me a hand. I can see him, pal. I didn't know it was this kind of place. I didn't ask for any gay shit. Shaft and glands. Por favor. Mind your own business. Stay on task. Stay on task. You know, and he's not getting into like, task switching really ruins your productivity. You should just focus. You should just focus. Sometimes it's useful to ruin your productivity, though. Sometimes if you're producing too quickly, task switch is all I'm saying. Ben, I completely agree with your assessment here. I think this guy is looking to casually slide in to a bi experience. But he's just allowing himself the safety blanket of saying, I won't be doing. There's two chicks being there. There's two chicks there. I'm going to get to fuck somebody else's girlfriend. I'm not going to be kissing any guys. Yeah. Maybe my dick will get stroked. You know? Maybe my dick will get stroked. I think that's nice. I think that's nice. Let's ease into it. Yeah, absolutely. I know exactly how this is going down. Before the nominally straight guy goes into the hotel room by the side of the highway where they're doing this, he's pulled his girlfriend aside and he's been like, all right, here's how we're going to play this. Like 10 minutes in, I need you to say, oh, it'd be very hard if you two guys started making out. And then I'd be like, no, I don't do that. I'm straight. But babe, what about the ground rules? If you think it's hot, maybe I'll give it a try. I don't know. I feel like I've seen that happen in a few videos as well. Yeah. I'll just do it to make the chicks wet because that's horny to a straight guy like me. Yeah. If it makes them get off. Actually, rules are made to be broken. I'll spit on that thing. Yeah. Like from culture. Oh, I said spin, not spit. I want to say this wasn't a hawk tour thing. I wasn't doing that. Oh, I thought you were doing a hawk tour thing. We all thought you were doing that. No, no, no, no, no. I'm saying that this straight man is riding on the bisexual man's penis and then he's sort of doing an around the world kind of a spin move. He's just riding on that thing. He's just riding on that penis in a sensual manner. You don't think he's going to start off topping? In the videos I've seen, I think part of it is that it's the straight. The straight guy going, sort of bottoming for the gay guy because he secretly always wanted it. I wouldn't look into the psychology of any of this. So a question that I often ask my children is real or pretend, Ben? Do you think that's real or pretend? Based on some of my personal experiences, real-ish. Hey, some of the guys in some of those videos are sort of celebrities to some people. Oh, that's it? And we talk about celebrities. That's the whole thing. Yeah. I think we really... Do you need to be back? Can we get an update? Yeah, I want to update. Let's keep up with this guy. Oh, I'll check on the posts from that guy's Reddit account and see what happens. Can you tag that for alerts? Yeah, I'll see what I can do. Google alerts. Did that guy make the other guy come? Yeah. It's time for Celebrity Watch. It's time for Celebrity Watch. Celebrity Watch. Celebrity Watch. Who's getting licked and licked on the cross? Celebrity Watch. It's Celebrity Watch. Katie Perry's got glass in her vagina. She sure does. Now more than ever, actually. Yeah. Very relevant. I don't know that to be true. Well, she's becoming more unlikable by the day, so as far as I'm concerned, it is. Oh, it's a metaphor. Yeah. Sure, if that's how you like it. Yeah. This is a press release from the Renovation Foundation. Uh-huh. And that's spelt normally, as far as I understand it? Oh, Andrew, I'm so glad you asked. It's actually spelt R-E-N-N-E-R-vation. Yes. It's our boy. They've camel-cased it, too. They've got a capital R and then a capital V in the middle, so you know where to hit it. Renovation. Renovation. Yeah. Actor Jeremy Renner brings Celebrity Golf Tournament to Las Vegas. Cool. Pretty good. Celebrity Golf in Las Vegas. Oh, Lucy, I can't wait for you to find out. The Renovation Foundation, actor Jeremy Renner's foundation for foster children, is thrilled to announce its inaugural Celebrity Pro-Am Golf Tournament at Bears Best Las Vegas on Sunday, October 20th from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. This prestigious event is an exciting opportunity for golfers and fans to come together, support a meaningful cause, and directly benefit the foundation's mission of empowering Nevada's foster children to thrive, regardless of their circumstances. Now, look, I don't want to sound critical of one of the greatest actors of our generation at all time doing something good for the world. Why would you call it Renovation? What's the Renovation? But it's about fostering kids. Oh, would you like to know? Yeah. Yes. Because I would love to tell you very much, because a friend of the show, my partner Maddie, more or less forced us the other night to watch episode one of the Disney Plus reality series Renovations. Oh, my God. Starring Jeremy Renner. It's a four-episode, four-parter series that, as far as I can tell, has not been renewed for a second series. Mm-hmm. Where Jeremy Renner and his team of expert fabricators and his best friend, who is a producer of some sorts that has no other skills or fame of any kind, they take a vehicle from Jeremy Renner's collection and they trick it out to donate it to a charitable cause. So, like, the first episode, they take a bus and they fit it out to be a mobile recording studio and they give it to an organization that helps with, like, troubled youth in Chicago so that they can record music and make beats and stuff. And he, like, gets Vanessa Hudgens to come down and make a big show of handing the bus over. Now, when I say taking a bus out of Jeremy Renner's collection, one of the amazing bits of Jeremy Renner lore that is revealed in this is that he has a property in Reno, Nevada, where he has, like, 200 vehicles, most of which are buses, like, 30 of which are fire trucks. Like, he just has literally 200, like, giant vehicles on this ranch. I don't like thinking about, like, how rich Jeremy Renner is. How rich Jeremy Renner is. It doesn't seem right. Like, when you would think about him, you're like, oh, he's not like a, he's not like a really rich guy, but then, like, he was in all those Marvel movies. He was in the Marvel movies. Yeah. And apparently that's just, like, an infinite amount of money that they have to give people. Yeah. Even though he's not, like, one of the characters that, like, people like or care about. Like, nobody seems to, like, like him as an actor. Who's like, oh, my God, it's Hawkeye. Yeah, it's Hawkeye. No one cares about Hawkeye. Sort of the first movie that he was in, to my understanding, was also, like, his most, like, critically acclaimed and sort of just been, I guess it's sort of been, like, downhill from. Was The Hurt Locker his debut? Is it The Hurt Locker? The Hurt Locker? Is that it? I've never seen it. It wasn't his debut, I believe. I don't think I can name another Jeremy Renner movie. Oh, okay. I just, I think it, like. Well, he's great in Arrival. Oh, he's okay in Arrival. Arrival's a great movie. I think it's just Arrival's a great movie. Sorry, can I, I'm going to put Lucy on the spot right now. Yeah, can you put her on blast, Lucy? Don't put me on blast. Lucy, no, not on the blast, on the spot. They're different things, everybody. Okay. Come on. You know how sometimes we like to watch a movie and then talk about the movie on here? Yeah. Uh, I'm pretty sure. So what, what year did The Hurt Locker come out? Hurt Locker came out in 2008. So three years before that, Jeremy Renner starred in a movie called Neo Ned. Oh, he did too. Where he plays a young neo-Nazi in rehab and he falls in love with a woman played by Gabriel Union, a beautiful woman of color who believes herself to be reincarnated Adolf Hitler. It's one of the worst plot lines I've ever heard. But I've still never watched it. And I think we talk about Jeremy Renner a lot. And I think that maybe we should enter this into the film canon of the show. Probably. I was, um, I was reading up about his, his vehicle collection and apparently, uh, he sort of mentions this passingly in the, the show as well. But during COVID, he got mildly addicted to buying ex-government vehicles at auction. Okay. So, yeah, apparently he's just like always been a big car guy or whatever. So he has this team of fabricators and mechanics and stuff. And like, he found a way to sort of make it a charity thing, which was to give them away to people. And that's why he has the Renovation Foundation. This show is so unbelievably painful to watch. Like, you can- Oh, I know. And if it's a charity thing, you get to write it all off and be even richer, right? Oh, yeah. And like, the show would have paid for, like, Disney would have paid for all the stuff that he was doing, which is, you know, they did nice things for people. But like, it's so awkward. And you can just tell that Jeremy Renner had complete creative control over it and has no sense of what actually comes off like natural or cool. You can always tell that he's got creative control on his projects. Very, very obvious. He just doesn't have the source. He is a completely juiceless man. Yeah, he's juiceless. Riz-less. He's like rocking up to stuff and he's wearing like his, like, older Gen X leather jackets and aviators and stuff. Like, he- Oh, actually, something really great about it is how little they talk about the fact that he's rich for being an actor. He's like, before music was my first love, it was cars. And you're like, what? Or when is the fact that you're like a Hollywood actor? He sees himself as a very interesting guy. In between, there was something. He's not hot enough for it. Which you have to, like, to survive in life, you have to think of yourself as being an interesting person, right? Or else you just kind of kill yourself. I guess so. To make it in Hollywood, baby. Yeah. If you don't care, why should anyone else, you know? But it's, yeah. I don't know. It's the show. I urge anyone with a Disney Plus subscription to try and sit through the first episode. I can't. There is no way for me to describe in the podcasting format how awkward and not at all camera prepared his, like, millionaire LinkedIn best friend guy is. He's just like this. Yeah. It's very odd. Try watching it. With 100% of the net proceeds going towards the Renovation Foundation, this Pro-Am tournament promises to be an unforgettable day of golfing and goodwill. I got the fucking homestead assisted living person with this. Participants will have the unique opportunity to play alongside a host of celebrated athletes and entertainers, including Jeremy Renner. Okay. Jeremy Renner's going to be there? Imagine. Michael Chiklis. From the Shield? The Shield? From the Shield, yeah. Michael Chiklis from the Shield. Imagine signing up to this. The guy played the thing in the original Fantastic Four movie. You sign up to this because you're, like, a big Marvel fan and you're like, oh, boy, I'm going to get Jeremy Renner. You rock up on the day and you've got Michael Chiklis. Michael Chiklis. So, have you been okay? Like, what have you been doing the last couple of years? Well, if you're a big Marvel head, you get to hang out with Marvel's The Thing. With Ben Grimm. That movie's so funny because, like, they put all the prosthetics on him and shit, but Michael Chiklis looks like he's, like, 5'8". Yeah. So, they put all the stuff on him and he's still just kind of looking up at other people while he's The Thing. It just doesn't feel right at all. Sugar Ray Leonard. Okay. The boxer? The boxer, yep. Yeah. Rob Riggle? You guys know Rob Riggle? They got Rob Riggle? No. They got Rob Riggle. I'd be pretty, like... They got the Riggleman? I reckon former US Marine Rob Riggle. A day of golfing with Rob Riggle, probably pretty entertaining. I feel like... Oh, that guy. Yeah. Oh, everybody knows that. I would never have known in a million. You held a gun to my head and asked me to name that man? No, he's that guy. He's, like, kind of in stuff. Yeah, that guy? I used to confuse him with, like, Patrick Warburton a lot. Yeah. Just because he's got that kind of American jawline. Kind of that head, yeah. Yeah. We also have Brian Austin Green. Oh. Okay. Beverly Hills 90210. Correct. Yeah. The original series approximately one billion years ago. Yeah. Jimmy Darts. Oh, shit. They got Jimmy Darts. They got Jimmy Darts. Jimmy Darts keeps stealing my lines. This is really front-loaded, huh? Yeah. Jimmy Kellogg is an American social media personality known professionally as Jimmy Darts. Mm-hmm. They were hoping people would just be, they'd see Michael Chiklis and basically, like, get lightheaded. Yeah. Not really be able to get through the rest of the paragraph. Oh, my God. Michael Chiklis. The first two names on, like, a festival lineup, and you're like, shit. Do you guys want to hear some video titles from internet celebrity Jimmy Darts? Obviously. I tested people's kindness in New York City. I tested people's kindness in the Deep South. Gun. I tested people's kindness in America's rudest place. And the thumbnail, it has, like, an old guy posing about to punch him in the face. Yeah. I surprised this struggling nurse with $20,000. I took the kindest kid to the Super Bowl. Jimmy Darts, I will cut your hands off. Yeah. If you're hearing this. I will fucking kill you. Blind man gets $100,000 and his dream job. Oh, I'll kill you. Yeah. I have 24 hours to change a stranger's life. Giving a homeless man $20,000. The thumbnail is, like, a split image where on the left half it says $0. And there's a man with dirt splattered on his face next to a dumpster. And then there's a man in a business suit next to an office building and it says $20,000. This also makes me so mad because it's, like, there's already Mr. Beast. Mr. Beast already exists. You're already ripping off something that's already awful. Yeah. Actually, he's not made that many videos. I tattooed my face on my brother-in-law's leg. Okay. Buddy the elf in real life. Oh, fuck me, dude. So, that's Jimmy Darts. Could be him. Marky Pfeiffer? Mackay Pfeiffer? Mackay Pfeiffer? Mackay Pfeiffer? I think it's pronounced Michelle. Bump Mackay Pfeiffer up that list. He's a way bigger star than a bunch of these other dudes. Oh, hang on. He was in defense. Eight Mile. It's misspelled in the article, all right? I was going to say, I have no idea that that's how that guy's name was spelled. Mackay Pfeiffer. All right. That doesn't seem so bad. We got Timothy Busfield. Andrew? Timmy Busfield? Timmy Busfield? Timmy Bus. Who's Timothy Busfield? Oh, he was in Revenge of the Nerds. He was in Revenge of the Nerds 2. Field of Dreams? Come on. Forget about it. Was he the main nerd in Revenge of the Nerds? It's vaguely familiar. It's like I might have seen that guy before. Timothy Busfield. Oh, he was ginger. I used to wear it. It was all gray. Okay. Did he? He directed episodes on Children's Hospital? Psych? Okay. Nashville? He was in a film called Trucks, 1997. Now, that sounds like a quality film. Sounds pretty good. I hope it's about trucking. Isn't that a Stephen King adaptation? Awesome. Yeah, it's the adaptation of the thing that he made, like, of Maximum Overdrive is based on. I was going to say, isn't it like Maximum Overdrive? This just sounds like a cheaper Maximum Overdrive. They just made Maximum Overdrive again, but a bit later. We also have Greg Maddox. Shit. Yeah. Pretty cool. Baseball player, I guess. American baseball pitcher. I'm just going through and Googling every one of these names. Chris Harrison? I think from... American TV show host. Yeah. The Bachelor? Known as the host of The Bachelor from 2002 to 2021. Pretty good. Not even current. Not even the current. Oh, I recognize that, man. Brendan Fair? Fur? F-E-H-R. He was in Roswell. The Night Shift. The Long Weekend. Daughter of the Wolf. A Christmas Kiss. Ice Quake. That dude's like, we've got Noah Wiley at home. You know? Noah Wiley. He looks like Noah Wiley. Yeah. Yeah. Festus Ezili? Ezili? Festus Ezili? He's a former basketball player. And then we've got one more here. Now, I've got to be honest with you guys. Actually, I rearranged the order of this a little bit. I saved what I thought was the best till last. He was actually fourth last. But the fourth celebrity that you could play golf with, Richard Kind. Yeah. Oh, shit. They've got Richard Kind on the list. Holy fuck. Now we're talking. All right. Even a one in like 10 chance to play a round of golf with a Richard Kind, I will give any amount of money to the Renovation Foundation. And he was below Jimmy Darts on that list. Yeah. He was between Greg Maddux and Chris Harrison. So not even alphabetical. Man, what's going on there? Yeah, that order doesn't seem to be. It's not alphabetical at all. I think it's just in terms of importance to Jeremy Renner. Yeah. How much Jeremy Renner values them as a person. As a person. Yeah. Fuck. Richard Kind's got to be at the top. Wouldn't you, if you were Jeremy Renner and you're putting together this list of celebs, I'm going Richard Kind, Jeremy Renner, Michael Chiklis. Yeah. Yeah. Those are your three headline celebs. Also, all men. You couldn't get a single lady for your celeb golf tournament. Interesting. That's exactly how ladies are like on the golf course. Yeah. They'd rather get their hair done than come play golf. Guys. So true. Please don't. Okay. That's not what it's about. And you know it. It's because women cannot be in the same place as Jeremy Renner without getting all fucking hot and bothered. Yeah. True. Everyone's going to be trying to fuck Jeremy Renner. And then he has to say, you can't. My bones haven't healed yet. Because he got crushed by a seven ton snow plow. Remember when that happened to Jeremy Renner? He got crushed by a snow plow. Yeah. He got crushed by his own seven ton snow plow. His own one. Yeah. Jeremy. Come on, brother. So that happened. I don't even know if my house weighs seven tons. I don't even know what seven tons is. Yeah. I can't really conceive of it in my head. A couple of cars. Yeah. Let's say five cars. Hmm. Golfers will enjoy a fun-filled 18-hole game in a modified best ball fivesome format. Huh? Sounds like those guys are doing a best ball foursome format. I'm a best ball fivesome. This is four golfers and one celebrity per group. Okay. That's pretty good. Okay. I think it was one person and four celebrities. Oh, I hope I get redder, chickless, kind, and darts. And we're all riffing. Imagine if you got, like, imagine if any of us got the basketball player, the baseball pitcher, and then the dude from The Bachelor. Yeah. And Jimmy Darts. They're probably playing good golf, though, right? Yeah, probably. Probably some cross-disciplinary stuff there. I want to hear salacious celebrity stories. Yeah. I want to hear stories from Hollywood in the 70s. Tell me about Mel Gibson's cock and balls, goddammit. You think Richard Kine has that sort of info? Sure. I think he does. I think he does. Each golfer will play their own ball throughout the round, adding a layer of competition and excitement to the event. So the four of you... Are you all playing a ball? I don't really understand. Why are they stressing that the golfer plays their own ball? Are the four of you sharing a ball? Huh. The Celebrity Pro-Am Golf Tournament is more than just a day of golf. It is a chance to make a profound difference in the lives of Nevada's foster children. The Renovation Foundation, led by Jeremy's sister, Kim Renner, is dedicated to providing opportunities and resources to help foster youth reach their full potential. Funds raised will support vital programs that create pathways to education, stability, and success for these deserving children. That's probably... It's good. I'm glad Jeremy Renner and his sister are helping foster children. I'm glad he's doing something useful. Yeah. Yeah. I just don't know about this Celebrity Golf Tournament. If you like, sure, I'm here for Renner. I'm here for Chickliss. I'm here for Sugar Ray Leonard. A lot of extra steps. Rob Riggle, maybe. Richard Kine. As long as it doesn't turn out like the Naomi Campbell charity, you know? What happened with that? It turned out that Naomi Campbell had been running this charity for all these years and they used like almost 100% of the money to buy Naomi Campbell and her friends gifts and luxury vacations. Damn, bitch. I believe very recently. Yeah. Yeah. Good point, Lucy. Slay. I think she just got barred from the UK being able to register or run a charity. It seems like it should be like a crime perhaps. Yeah. Straight up killer. It does seem like that, doesn't it? She's got my hands off at least. You have to feel good to be able to help others. We've talked about this. Put on your oxygen mask first. Yes, by going to New Mayo for a little while and then having like a nice relaxing month-long holiday and then come back. Doing inner child work. Inner child work. Yes. Your inner child wants to go to Barthelona. Have some tapas at a few different places, you know? Tapas? Have a little bit of Thangria. Give your inner child some tapas. Yes, let your inner child have some tapas at Thangria and Barthelona. That's a surprising riff from you, Ben. It's not a Ben riff. I think going to Europe is excessive and I think going to South America is actually very good and rugged. It's more of a working class holiday to go to Peru. A little excessive to go to Spain. So the 54-year-old supermodel founded Fashion for Relief in 2005. An investigation by the Charity Commission found a small proportion of money raised by the foundation, which was dissolved and removed from the Register of Charities earlier this year, had benefited the causes it was set up to help. The investigation, which opened in 2021, found charity funds had been used to pay for cigarettes. It might have been for kids. Cigarettes, spa treatments, room service, and Campbell's stay at a five-star hotel in Cannes. And just 8.5% of Fashion for Relief's overall expenditure had gone on charitable grants. Now, Naomi Campbell already has money. 8% of all the money you ever made. That's not that much. She's probably already got some money to go to some places. Yeah. Well, you'd think, wouldn't you? You'd think. I don't think... Screw it away somewhere. I feel like Jeremy Ren is probably not doing any malfeasance. I don't know him. Personally, I've never met him. Would love to one day meet you. Big time, Ren ahead. Love to work with him. I'd love to. Yeah, I've always wanted to work with Jeremy. I actually have a script I've written for him that I think he would be perfect at. It's called The Cool Rock and Roll Man. It's about a sort of cool rock and roll guy. I don't think he's doing charity malfeasance or embarrassing or anything like that. Probably not. I think he's clean. I think Ren is clean. Yeah. That's my belief. Find any dirt on Renner? No, you didn't. Yeah, that's right. Who's helping foster kids? Are you? What are you doing to help foster children? That was definitely an episode of the podcast. Bunte Vista, thank you so much for joining us. Thank you for financially supporting us. We love money. I spend mine on rent mostly. Andrew probably spends his on beard care products and fine foods. Yeah. Smoked meat. Theo doesn't spend his money, so no idea why he even bothers collecting it. Lucy, I'm not sure. What are you doing with your money? Kind of a mystery. Probably as well. Like some rent and then some other stuff. Oh. Yeah. Model planes. Model ships. Yes. Knives. Yeah. One 128th scale battleships. Exactly. Sorry, one 144th scale battleships. Erebus, Terra, et cetera. Yeah. Yeah. That sort of thing. So thank you for contributing to that. We will see you on the free episode. Stay safe out there. And if you're running a charity, don't, you know, give yourself like a little bit. Don't go crazy with it. But like you can stay at a nice hotel if you're in town for that conference. Just cigarettes. Just cigarettes. Only cigarettes. Cigarettes and hotel rooms. 800 cigarettes. Three stars. Naomi Campbell spent $10,000 on a three-night hotel stay. I bet that was a great hotel stay. I bet it was nice. I bet the towels were amazing. We'll see you on a free episode. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Thank you.