 Hello and welcome to Buntavista, episode 369. It's pretty much all over. That's right. We're here in the year 14 billion AD and everything's just kind of wrapped up. Our sun, just one of uncountable trillions, converted what remaining hydrogen it could into helium many billions of years ago, and once its fusion reaction ran out of easy fuel, became big and huge and round, enveloping our dead world in fire before eventually shedding its skin, throwing its detritus free in every direction and revealing its final form, a white dwarf, a dense ball of electron degenerate matter, slowly radiating off its remaining thermal energy for the rest of time. There's no more work, no more money, no more McDonald's Corporation, no elections, no rent. All the real estate agents are dead. All souls have departed. Entropy is simply running out its gradual and eternal asymptote towards zero. Nothing useful will ever need to happen again. The universe's infinite Boltzmann brains, which you might know as Bender Zerstatt's space god, formed by infinite energy undergoing an infinite number of dice rolls, long ago lost their ability to reason as their webs of potential, once potent, slowly ebb away into the cosmic radio background. All of history could be unwound and understood by reading these ebbing and waning energy fields, these great graveyards of matter, if there was a god interested enough to do so. Perhaps they would read, many billions of years ago, the enormous meteor that hit our once great world, now reduced to heterogeneous trash piles cooking in our great atmospheric duvet, finally snuffed it from existence. Ironically, this is where I come into the story. I'm Theo, and I'm a cup ejected perfectly from the great Boggo Road landfill and beyond the orbit of what remained of Earth. I recall at one time you could read on the side of me the words, I got sucked off at the World Expo 88. I'm also here with my dear friend Ben, who allows me to orbit him at a distance of three kilometers, and provides me with wonderful company in these quiet times. Ben is of course a gravestone, snapped cleanly free from the Dutton Park cemetery when the meteor hit, and if there was light left in the universe with a wavelength small enough to see him, he would read the words, here lies Dick Seaman, father, husband, and friend. Hello Ben! Hey Theo, how are you? Yeah, I've got my problems. Did he say 14 billion years? Yeah. One, four? So we're, that's like 300 million years away. That's not very far. 14 billion years, no AD, 14 billion years AD. Oh, right, of course. Yeah, which is about 14 billion years from now. Yeah, okay. Give or take. So we're exactly sort of at the middle point of the universe. Sort of in the middle part where everything happens. It does feel like we're at the most important time to be alive. Yeah. Have you ever noticed that? Yeah, but also that when enough time passes, yeah, everything will be gone. Yeah. As well at the same time. Yeah, we're probably the first person to notice that. I think so. I've just come up with a phrase that I think really applies. This too shall go away at some point. Yeah. It's just a little mantra you can say to yourself sometimes. For both the good and the bad, this too shall fuck off. Yeah. Sometimes that happens. Yeah. Sometimes everything happens and then it stops happening. Yeah. I mean, it doesn't stop. It never kind of stops. It just sort of like tries to get to zero. Tries to stop forever. Yeah. This is a science podcast now, by the way. For trillions of years. Yeah. We fucking love science. Yeah. We get Brian Cox on here. The little one. Not the larger Brian Cox, obviously. God, we should get both at the same time. Oh, imagine a little Cox off. A little Cox. I know who I'm backing at the Cox off. Yeah. Is there a trash pile along Boggo Road somewhere? Like near the jail? No, but there will be. Oh, right. Ominous. Okay. Hey, the universe. That contains everything that has been, everything that is, and will eventually contain everything that will be. It also contains America. We check in on what's happening in America in America Watch. America. Well, I mean, if you ask Americans, that is the whole universe. Yeah, that's right. They don't want to hear about it outside. Yeah. I'm trying an avant-garde technique here where, because I forgot to scroll up to the top of the document, we're starting from the middle. So, here we go. Yeah. Yeah. It's a bit freeform. It's loose. It's you and me. Inside out. Yes. You know, we're sort of, I don't think this is controversial, but we're kind of, I think we have the closest relationship of the podcast. Yeah. It's probably because we actually- Yeah, you're like 15 kilometers away. Yeah. Physically the closest. We actually spend time together in real life. Yeah. And so, I think we've got a good framework of trust that we can be looser with it. We've got an easy rapport. We certainly do. Sort of. It's easier when our wives are there as well. They're really good at sort of keeping the conversation going. Yeah. And Caitlin always like, after I hang out with friends, she's always like, so what are they up to? Like, what the fuck are you talking about? When would that have come up? Yeah. So, you know, so is Ben still doing like, these nights at the bar or whatever? Like, what do you think we talk about? I don't know what we talk about. I think mostly- What about movies? Movies. Games. Culture. Flicks. Yeah. The big books. Speaking of books. Big questions. New Area Expos. Book. This week. Absolution. This very week in America. Maybe not over here. I don't know. No. Got to get my hands on that. This comes to us from KTVK in Arizona. Goodyear homeowner still passing out water despite demands from HOA. So, you can see what the problem is there. Goodyear? Goodyear. That's a place. Oh, okay. Do you want to know a fun fact about Goodyear Arizona? It's named after the tire company. After the blimp? Not like the other way around. Yeah. It's named after the blimp. We just love those tires. We've incorporated into a town. Pick your favorite thing. Or is that blimp? I love that blimp. I would hate it if there was only eight blimps in the world. It's just not the kind of world I'd like to live in. Someone's got to be working on that. Putting more blimps out there. We've got to get those blimps up there. Blimps haven't... Have they got more expensive? I don't know. I don't think blimps changed. I think we have. Yes. Yeah. That's so true. This too shall fuck off. Yeah. So, this is someone from Goodyear Arizona who is... He's still passing out water despite the demands of his homeowners association. Yeah. Americans love to have HOAs. Yeah. Apparently, whenever we talk shit about HOAs in the Discord, you'll see Australians mentioning that sometimes people have similar agreements in Australia for the areas they live in. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. There are... I'd say convents. It's the wrong... Covenants? Covenants. There are covenants in some... In a lot of the subdivisions and stuff. Mm-hmm. I don't know. It seems weird. I always just... It feels like if there was rules to how houses should be, none of the places that I've lived in would be as they are. Yeah. Like a covenant that says that your house should not just fill up wall to wall with rats every six months. They should have a rule like that everywhere, I think. Yeah. That'd be nice. A cooler stirring up controversy in a Goodyear neighborhood hasn't gone anywhere, and the homeowner tells Arizona's family... Now, that's the name of the TV station. Is it? Yeah. Weird. He tells Arizona's family he won't be passing out water... He won't stop passing out water despite demands from his HOA. Back in August, Arizona's family spoke to David Martin, who received hundreds of dollars in fines from his HOA for having a cooler in his driveway that he uses to pass out free bottles of water to neighbours, delivery drivers, and anyone passing by. Okay. So... Yeah. So you can see the problem. Mm-mm. It's unsightly. They ought to mind their fucking business. Well, they are, because their business is in the entire fucking neighbourhood. Yeah, their business is sort of what you're doing in their house. Yeah. Which I kind of consider to be living. That's sort of where people live, is inside the house. But they want to tell you... Yes. ...what you can and can't do in there. And I thought this was the land of the free. Apparently not. No. Not under these biodynamics. On Monday, Martin pointed out his new cooler and new sign, wishing everyone a happy Halloween while offering up the free water. Quote, people are still running, walking their dogs, playing basketball, so I'm going to continue to have a cooler with free cold water on my driveway as long as I live here, said Martin. Dope. Yeah. Great. Awesome. Yeah. What a cool guy. What an awesome guy. Yeah. Martin recently received a letter from the attorney for the Canyon Trails Homeowners Association, claiming the cooler and sign violate the community's rules and regulations. The HOA also sent a letter to residents saying they have no problem with residents distributing water bottles, but the items in the driveway need to be relocated, possibly behind a pillar on the porch so the cooler and sign cannot be seen from the street. Yeah, this shit drives me insane. Grow up. Are you fucking stupid? Some people have real problems. Who fucking cares? Yeah. Like, imagine having the kind of- Put it behind a pillar is so funny. Or just hide it. Hide it behind a pot plant. Yeah. Your sign advertising that you have free water. Could you make sure that no one can see it? Yeah. Can you put that behind some sort of ionic kind of tower? I don't fucking- How does it impact you in the fucking slightest that you're engaging in an attorney? It's like- It literally is like that they want to be able to go anywhere in the neighborhood or something and it to be just like Pleasantville. And we all know the moral of Pleasantville is that being in Pleasantville rocks. Yes. I love Pleasantville. I love being in suburbia. I love it when everything for 10 miles in every direction looks exactly the same. Yeah. And we got rules to make sure that that happens. This is just such a like- You know that this is eating at a couple of people in a way that is like making them psychotic as well. The worst people in the world who are ready to vote Trump over this because they got to look at a cooler. Yeah. They got to see a guy sitting out there and being like, hey, it's a hot one. Do you want one of these bottles of water? And then they're driving past at like two miles an hour and they're sitting inside the car like punching the steering wheel. Fuck. They're fucking piece of shit. They're dialing 999, which is the number for SWAT. That's right. They're just like working the action on a gun while they're like no handing the steering wheel rolling past at two miles an hour. Man. Martin said, the pillar is not an option. Quote, people walking by won't see it. People driving by won't see it. Yeah. How comfortable will they be to walk up to a strange person's porch to grab a bottle of water that they don't know they can have? Because of America as well. Also because of like the several recent incidents where someone knocked on the wrong door and just got shot at and killed. That's right. Man. Martin insists he is open to some kind of compromise, but not if it involves hiding the water cooler where no one can see it. Quote, I want people when they walk by or drive by to see it and know what's in it and that it's for them, said Martin. Yeah. Yeah. Some neighbors have suggested that Martin get a nicer cooler or build something more aesthetically pleasing. Yeah. Well, I mean, you've probably got some suggestions for the neighbors in turn. Like, fuck off? Yeah. Shut your fucking mouth? Yeah. What level? Why don't they cut their eyes out? What does a cooler look like that would make you go, oh, that's quite nice, actually? Are we talking about like a passive cooler? Is that like a container full of ice? We are. Insulated or if. What we would call here in Australia an esky. An esky. Yeah. It's just like maybe, you know those nice ones you get at like BCF? Yeah. Like those giant fucking extremely heavy polyurethane ones or whatever? Yeah. What about one of those in a nice color? Yeah. If they don't like seeing it, we should pluck their eyes out. I think is probably the easiest. Yeah. It's just like everyone gets a free water. You don't have to see it. Yeah. If it offends you. We'll just pluck your eyes out. Pluck them out. Pluck them out. Martin said he is open to the idea of the more aesthetically pleasing cooler, but not until the HOA apologizes for what they put him through. I like that they're like, you can stop it or you can get a cooler that doesn't look like a dishrag. And he's like, you know what? Fair point. Say sorry first. Yeah. Apologize to me. Although I think the neighbors saying that he gets a nicer looking cooler aren't necessarily the people that are going after him in the HOA. Oh, they're just sort of like a compromise position. They're trying to help. Yeah. Yeah. They're Democrats. Just for your sort of to contextualize this a little bit. So he's been doing this for months now. The mean daily maximum temperature in Goodyear, Arizona from May to October all above 30. That's the mean daily maximum. Sounds like a bad year to me. Yes. Every year is a bad year in Arizona. I think it's only getting worse. The mean daily maximum for July, that Goodyear, Arizona summer, 41 degrees. Oh my goodness. 41 is your mean. Mean. So yeah. So better chance than not of waking up and there being an over 40 degree day. Yeah. Ahead of you. Yes. Isn't that fucked? That's bonkers. Isn't that absolutely fucked? Now it is a dry heat. Yeah. But still it's no good. It is a dry heat. Yeah. Which we don't respect. No. Because. Here in the beautiful subtropics of Brisbane. That's right. Dry heat is for pussies. Yeah. It's crazy how like just how big that difference is. A lot of people out in the desert, they wouldn't know that. You come here, you have a, you try having a 33 degree day in that 90% humidity. Yeah. You see how you like it. Yeah. You get over here, you wet it up. Yeah. You dry boy. You won't like it when it's wet. No. Hey, Arizona, some rugged terrain, some lot of open space. I bet they have a lot of Jeeps over there. We check out what's happening in the world of Jeeps in Jeep Watch. Do we? Yeah. I actually thought we'd done Jeep Watch before, but it turns out that was a coffin watch that involved a Jeep. It wasn't a Jeep Watch. That was, of course, in the live episode, the 350th episode of Bunfist that I can't remember the name of for the life of me. But that was the lady who had owned a Jeep for six months before she tragically passed away and then had a Jeep themed funeral. Jeep themed funeral. Yeah. Yeah. But I think, actually, this honestly might recontextualize that story a little bit. Maybe once you learn some things here. Finally, we'll understand what it means when they say it's a Jeep thing. Yeah. Ain't nothing but a Jeep thing. Because I don't. I don't know. I've never lived the Jeep experience. No. We have never lived La Jeep a lot. You took a pun on which word to replace. And I think it was the right one. This is from WBTW in South Carolina. By the way. By the way. Jeep lovers commence for seventh annual Myrtle Beach Jeep Jam. I don't think commence was the right word. No. Commence for? Commence with, maybe? Commence towards? Commences the Jeep lover. The only way to commence is by commencing. That's right. Right. Jeep lovers had their ducks ready and their peace signs up on Friday for the seventh annual Myrtle Beach Jeep Jam. Sorry. Do you have any questions? Yeah. About the first sentence? Uh. Well, too bad. Right. Some Jeeps soaked up the mud as participants took on the ultimate off-roading challenge, the obstacle course and mud pit. But the excitement doesn't end there. You could bring your Jeep to the show and grime Jeep show. Any questions? I know we talk about alienation a lot on this podcast. And probably, you know, you might get some texts, some subtext, some, uh. But. Yeah. I. Yeah. Whole other world out there, right? I don't understand what is happening. Like, not with this story, but I just don't get it. Like. I lost it all alone. Yeah. But you. You just got to focus on your own life. You're not alienated from that. You just. I mean. Well. Sort of. I think it's beautiful that every week on this podcast, we discover another thing that is someone's entire life that you have never thought about for a single fucking second. And you would think with more data points that we would be somewhat closer to understanding the world. But it seems that each new data point only brings us further away. Yeah. From, like, some universal theory of person. Like the grand unified theory of, like, being alive. Yes. That goober. Gutba. Gutba. Uh. Quote. We're going to have a contest to see who has the best looking Jeep. All mudded up and ready to go. Host and MC Tom Lorenz said. Because, again. Now, I don't know if he's just. I don't know what the again is in reference to. But, uh. He is repeating himself, apparently. Because, again. The Jeep is not a vehicle we buy to keep clean all the time. The more mud, the better. You know I like my Jeep sloppy. Yeah. I don't want a squeaky clean Jeep. I want people to look at my Jeep and say, holy fuck. This guy goes off-roading on the weekends. If I see a Jeep and it's not throwing mud, I ain't interested. Yeah. I'm putting mud on it. You know what I mean? I'm throwing my turds. That clean Jeep. Also, Jeep, like, as a brand is such a fucking weird thing to get excited about. Because there used to be some sort of connect to, like, you know. Obviously, the Jeeps played a. Well, maybe not obviously. Maybe this is just one of those things that I've imagined. But, like, a role in World War II. Sure. Where, you know, it's an iconic vehicle. Yes. Off-roading, et cetera. And now they are a three-ton truck made in a factory next to every other three-ton truck. Put on, like, showroom floors for a ten grand premium. Like, what is the brand appeal? What is. It's odd to me. Because these people, are they running, like, your classic Jeep, like, 90s sort of. Like the Wranglers. Little Wranglers with the soft top. Yeah. With a roll bar. Party lesbian vehicle. Because I can get behind that, right? Yeah. That's a fun car. Although, like, my general impression of Jeeps is that this is, you know, some received wisdom, really. But the way my dad used to talk about them when I was a kid was that they were, like, unreliable, expensive to service, hard to get parts for. That is also my understanding of Jeeps from, in, like, the modern age. Yeah. Like, fake off-roading vehicles. Not worth it. Kind of just more of a luxury SUV. Yeah. Kind of a thing that someone from the city would purchase and pretend that they, you know, do stuff with their truck. Yes. 100%. Kind of a vehicle for morons. Like, the Wranglers were always, like, either people that don't take them full drive and get them or people that, like, have a lot of money to spend and haven't done a lot of full drive and get them and then flip them immediately. The first day they take them to the beach. Yeah. Which, I mean, it's probably worth seeing anyway. And it's just part of Chrysler as well. Yeah. They don't have the prestige of, say, like, your Land Cruiser or something. But, I mean, Americans seem to just look at off-roading in a completely different way where they're getting these, like, massive lifted trucks instead of, like, something that could actually, I don't know. This is a podcast just for the fellas. Even if you don't want to get your Jeep dirty, there's still something for everyone to enjoy. Quote, this weekend you're going to see Jeeps with all sorts of customizations. Lyfts, tires, paint jobs, lighting packages and stuff, Lorraine said. It's just a great way to get together and celebrate the great American Jeep. I don't want to be a sourpuss, but I don't think there is something for everybody in that. I don't think there's anything for me there. No. You'd be sort of there, just sort of picturing. I'd be like, oh, where's the library? Yeah. My feet hurt. Can you turn it down? Each night, Jeep lovers can keep celebrating at Grand Strand restaurants, including Crooked Hammock and The Hangout. What do you mean, each night? This is going for, like, three hours maximum, right? Oh, no, this is a week, maybe. A week of Jeeps. I don't actually know how long it is. Jeep week? I think it's a weekend of Jeeps. A Jeep can't. I've got a whole Jeep can full of events. But he's working for the Jeep can't. The work week belongs to my boss, but the Jeep can belongs to me. So there's those two restaurants, and then on Sunday, all Jeeps decorated for Halloween will be parked in one lot to give everyone a scare and a smile. What, like you turn the corner and you see a Jeep and you go, oh! Oh! Oh, it's just a Jeep. It's just a Jeep wearing a costume. That's actually kind of cute. I kind of want to see the Halloween costumes people are putting on their Jeeps a little bit. Virginia native Penny Dooley got her Jeep as a wedding anniversary present in 2022. Are you fucking serious? There are so many lives out there. Yeah. There's just an infinite combination of things. And a lot of people have, like, a lot more money than we do as well sometimes. That's something you'll find out. I think I got Caitlin a record for our wedding anniversary. Yeah. She probably got you a record. Probably a record, yeah. For your wedding anniversary. Yeah, well, she did. She got me Lateralis. That's so romantic. That's true romance. That is true. Fuck it. You're a dude. You get a copy of Tool's Lateralis. Hey, this is one of those guitar bands you like, and you like records, right? The heavy press one? Yeah. 180 grams? 180 grams? Woo! Yeah. She got her Jeep as a wedding anniversary present in 2022, ever since she's tracked where all her ducks go. Last year's Myrtle Beach Jeep Jam was her first, and she loved it so much she came back. Well, you've got to keep tabs on your ducks. Yeah, where are your ducks at? Where are your ducks at? Eyes on your ducks. Do you know where your ducks are right now? Look to your left. Look to your right. Where the fuck is your duck? Parents of ducks are not to be on their phones. Quote, it's the only car you'll ever buy that comes stocked with 20,000 friends. Now, I don't think that that's true. I don't fucking understand this at all. What is it about the Jeep that is doing this to people? Like, I like my car. I love my piece of shit car. I don't want to be like, holy fuck, I should go to like a party for everyone that owns a 2003 Subaru Forester base model. I don't think those parties are for you, brother. I don't know. I kind of dress like them. I was going to say, like, this is insane. A car that you can buy that kind of brings you into an entire social sort of strata. I remembered that you owned a Subaru Forester. That's right. Mine's probably the worst example to give. Yeah. What about the Skoda Octavia? The Skoda. No one's going to, like, the Skoda weekend. Yeah. Presumably. Yeah. Oh, I bet that goes off. Two euros for, like, a pint of Pilsner. Yeah. And a bowl of brown meat. That's right. Then you drive your Skoda Octavia safely back to the hotel you're staying at in the countryside. Yeah. A lot of VW comforts in the Skoda Octavia. You're going to get there comfortably on time. And safely. And safely. I tell everybody who gets a new Jeep, I say, now, you've got to understand that when you go shopping, you've got to leave 30 minutes early. Because somebody in the parking lot's going to have a Jeep, and they've got to talk to you about your Jeep, and then you've got to talk to them about their Jeep. I would blow my brains out if that happened. Now, see, I'm, you know, I'm kind of a soft touch. I like a little bit of community. But you're an extrovert. You gain energy through social interactions. Whereas you're an introvert. I'm an introvert. Yeah. Yeah. And we have no idea what that word means. I've never seen it explained. I'm statistically more likely to become a mass shooter. That's right. I'm kind of an ambivert. I go both ways. What are you talking about with your fucking Jeep compass and their Grand Cherokee? Being like, is your Jeep a Jeep? Yeah, my Jeep's a Jeep. Wait, is your Jeep a Jeep? My Jeep is a Jeep as well. Our Jeeps are Jeeps. I've been talking for hours. This has happened to me once. I pulled the Nissan Leaf into the fast charger at Ikea. The lady two bays down is like, oh, you got a Nissan Leaf too? I was like, yeah. She said, good car, huh? I was like, yeah, it's pretty good. Then you went inside and you got some scudelvagen. Sure did. Yeah. Got some Swedish meatballs. Hell yeah. Are they Swedish? I mean, Ikea is Swedish. I think the horse meat comes from Australia now. Yeah. Because they're trying to keep it sustainable. We do have a horse problem. Yeah. The Myrtle Beach Jeep Jam runs from Friday until Sunday at 2501 North Kings Highway. Tickets for spectators are $10 per person while children get in free. This is sort of like if you were on a themed map of America and you were sort of zooming in. This is one of the details that would resolve first. Yeah. It's like you've got America and you zoom in a little bit and you've got Florida. I see Myrtle Beach in Florida. South Carolina. South Carolina. And then it starts to clear up and there's just a beach with Jeeps just like jumping over dunes and stuff and people hooting and hollering. And they've got their millilite or whatever going on. But like from space, this is like one of the first details you can make out about America. Yeah. And you'd be able to infer a lot of very accurate things about their culture just from seeing this. Just from seeing this. Yeah. Alien comes down. You're getting a pretty good sample. Yeah. Yeah. Now, Theo. Hey, buddy. You were very good about not asking questions about the ducks. The ducks. Okay. And as a reward, I'd love to explain the ducks to you. Can I have a morsel of context, please? You may. Okay. This is from the Myrtle Beach Sun News. What the duck? A Myrtle Beach Jeep Jam guide to the viral game involving rubber birds. All right. Yeah. As Jeep drivers descend on Myrtle Beach for Jeep Jam 2024, the Grand Strand... Sort of like locusts. Yeah, that's right. It's actually a life cycle of the human being, not a species. The Grand Strand can expect a whole lot of bath time birds. Organizers expect more than 30,000 people at the event, which runs from Friday, October 25th through Sunday, October 27th. But there's no telling how many rubber ducks will attend. Duck Duck Go, a game where Jeep owners leave each other rubber ducks, has exploded in just four short years, cementing ducks as an iconic part of Jeep culture. Jeep culture shouldn't have its own rituals. No. Or practices. Is this like a... Is this a signifier of something? I believe it might symbolize something. Yeah. Are they doing sloppy toppy in the Jeep? Oh. Soft top? I mean, the suck-offs that are happening at the Jeep Jam in the expansive interiors of the Grand Cherokee. Absolutely. But I don't think the ducks have anything to do with that. This isn't like the fucking swingers putting pineapples on their doors on cruises and stuff. They're not putting a rubber duck on the bonnet to be like, hey, my wife's inside right now. Yeah. You can fuck her if you like. Think just the standard pineapple on the Jeep, you reckon? Yeah, they're probably still using... There are pineapples at Jeep Jam for sure. For sure. Like, 100%. Quote, the whole thing is about one Jeeper giving another Jeeper a random gift because they think their Jeep is nice and it has just exploded into this whole phenomenon, Jeep Jam MC Tom Lorenz said. So this is the same guy from the last article. He's back. When you got a Jeep expert on the books. Yeah. You call them up. Call them up. Hey. What's with the ducks? I don't really feel very comfortable with Jeeper as a term for these guys. Yeah. Of course, if you've got a sex pest amongst them, you know what that makes it. It's the Jeeper creeper. Yeah. Yeah. And there probably is statistically. Oh my God. The number of perverts at Jeep Jam. We're expecting upwards of 50 Jeepers Creepers there. Didn't like a pedophile make those movies or something? The Jeepers Creepers movies? Something like that? I don't know. I don't know. We don't need to fact check that one either. Yeah. Okay. Quote, it's unbelievable how big the ducks have become. Canadian Jeep driver, Alison Parliament. Go on. What a wonderful series of words. Started the trend in 2020 with a random act of kindness. When Parliament came across a Jeep like her own after suffering a scary encounter with a stranger, she decided to leave a rubber duck on the car to spread some positivity, according to the official DuckDuck Jeep website. Yeah. Victor Ronald Salva is an American film director, screenwriter, and convicted sex offender. And hey, here's a little bit of Kino. The self-described protege of Francis Ford Coppola. Oh, no. Yeah. Turns out that guy might suck a bit. He made some wonderful films. Old dudes in Hollywood. Yeah. No good. No good. Anyway, ducks positivity. Ducks positivity, that's right. The other Jeep owner saw Parliament with the cheery yellow duck and shared it on social media. After the post went viral, the DuckDuck Jeep game took off and Jeep drivers have been ducking each other ever since. Don't call it that. The movement has even migrated to other countries and cars. So maybe it's happening with some Skodas. A duck is a great icon to use because it's a friendly, non-harmful creature and most people love ducks, said Lorenz, who interviewed Parliament in May. So now her act of kindness has spread into this phenomenon that is all over the United States and has now spread to other vehicles other than just Jeeps. Man. I mean, they probably need it. Like a win? Like a small win? Like a sign of kindness that there is some sort of humanity that still exists within all of us? Yeah. A lot of them are sort of like alone in the dark, feverishly sort of gripping a weapon, expecting at any second that someone's going to jump in and kill them. All their masters have been revealed to be devils. Yeah. All their histories, a complete lie. Yeah. Why not have a little rubber duck? Why not have a little rubber duck? Maybe that is just nice to just look at something that just says, this is purely of good intent. Until you find out it was given to you by a jeeper creeper. Yeah. And then it's fucking ruined for you. And there's probably permanent chemicals in there. Oh, there's forever chemicals in there? Forever chemicals. P-fazzes? Yeah. Oh, those rubber ducks are full of P-fazzes. The P-fazzes out the wazoo in your average rubber duck. Yeah. But don't think about the P-fazzes or the jeeper creepers. Just, you know, think about the gesture. Keep it positive. That's right. Parliament passed away in June, but her legacy of positivity and kindness endures. There will be a tribute to Parliament at this year's Jeep Jam, which Loren says she planned to attend. Her impact is long lasting. I don't even think Alison expected it to get as big as it did. And it continues to grow big, Loren said. Jeep owners affectionately refer to dashboards with rubber ducks as duck ponds. After being left on a Jeep, a rubber duck might permanently relocate to the vehicle's duck pond, but some ducks' journeys don't stop there. Instead, a duck might be gifted again and circulate through the Jeep community. A sort of no-jeeps-refused, pass-me-around kind of duck. Quote, a lot of folks, what they do is they'll get their ducks from other people and they spread them along to other folks, said Lorenz. So it's this reciprocal state of spreading kindness and positivity. Far from the classic rubber duck Parliament first gifted, these days you might get ducked with... Stop calling it that. ...with themed, colourful and blinged-out rubber ducks. Some drivers decorate or custom-order rubber ducks with messages, religious quotes, contact information and more. Lorenz estimates he's amassed 300 to 400 rubber ducks. I mean, well, you're not giving back then in that... No. ...in that case, are you? You should always be shooting for duck in box zero. Yes. Kind of duck neutral. Give a duck. Yeah, that's right. Keep it flowing, brother. What's the worst duck you reckon is out there? I reckon there's got to be at least a few hundred baby Sheldon ducks out there. Oh, for sure. I was immediately thinking like neo-Nazi ducks. I mean, I did too, but we... Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There'll be a lot of that sort of like shit, like low-tier pop culture stuff. Like the kind of the office type ducks. Yeah. It's like Dwight. Dwack. This is Dwack. He's Dwight from The Office. And he's a bit... He's weird. Rules person, yeah. He's stuffy. He's very stuffy. Very stuffy. Skibbity toilet duck. Yeah. Oh, for sure. There's a hawk tour, duck tour for sure. Yeah. That's out there already. That's out there. If you Google this, you'll get quite a lot of photos of dashboards of just full of ducks. Jeep duck pond. I'm going to keep an eye out for this because I see some Jeeps from time to time. I don't think I've seen many... Oh, man. So people make rubber ducks that are driving Jeeps as well because of this trend. Recursive ducks? Do you feel like this is something that most people know about and we just miss it? Because sometimes I'll put something in a story. Yeah. You fucking idiots never put two and two together. Yeah. Ducks, Jeeps. You're too busy living in your own head to see the beauty that exists in this world. Yeah. I don't want to shit on this too much. This is adorable. It's just fucking weird. What are you doing? Punisher ducks? Rubber ducks. Is that another hypothetical one or did you just see one? Hypothetical, I guess. There's definitely thin blue line rubber ducks for sure. What about Operation Enduring Freedom? Rubber ducks. Look, I don't hate this. I just, I don't know. Yeah. I think it's beautiful that I'm finding out shit like this. I want something else like this where it's like, oh, people that drive Honda Civics collect Pokemon. Yeah. And they'll find- Big napkin collections. Yeah, that's right. If you want to grow your flock, there are two strategies to try. Quote, I know some people that have reached thousands of ducks, so they go to the different Jeep events in the country specifically to duck up to get as many ducks as they can. Oh, they're going to get ducked down? Yeah, that's right. They're getting a good ducking. They've got a duck appointment. Yeah. The puns make themselves. This seems against the spirit of the thing to be hoarding ducks that you've been given. Am I wrong? Yeah. I mean, it's got to be like Mardi Gras beads, right? Yeah. You've got to get out there to get the beets. You've got to show- You've got to- Yeah. You've got to get your tits out. You've got to get your tits out. If you want to get the best ducks going. Yeah. Just go on the Jeep Jam, flashing my hog for ducks. Yeah. As one of the largest Jeep gatherings in the country, one of- Surely- The 30,000 person Jeep Jam isn't the biggest? Surely this is the big leagues. Come on. Fuck. Uh, Jeep Jam is a surefire place to start or build your collection. Whether you're at an event or parked on a random street, some Jeeps collect more ducks than others. According to Lorenz, the more decorated or customized the Jeep is, the more ducks it'll get. Typical. Shallow. Only giving ducks to the good-looking Jeeps. Ducking can be a way to leave a wordless compliment, so eye-catching Jeeps tend to rack up more kudos. Sure. I bet. Uh, don't fret if your Jeep isn't tricked out. Lorenz says, ducking is for everyone. What's interesting about this is the standard Jeeps. Jeepers that just don't do anything to the vehicle, they receive ducks too, from people. Just because other people love the Jeeps. And Jeep has its own culture that's been created, said Lorenz. Sure does. Man, the people at Jeep HQ, the suits, must be fucking ecstatic about this. The, uh, r slash Jeep Wrangler community is a little split on ducking. Oh, really? Yeah, a little up, a little down. Um, there's a, there's a, um, post here, look at my duck pond. And they've got about, you know, 20, 20 ducks on their dashboard. Mm-hmm. Um, soggy requirement 75 replies, why? Foxy Fantasy replies, have you never been ducked in your Wrangler? To which adult beverage replies, I usually throw them on the ground or give it to my wife if she's there. Not sure what she does with them. That's simply wife business. Once the duck leaves my hands, no longer my problem. Yeah. That's my wife's problem. What she does with them is no concern of mine. That's kind of a shame. There are all these people out there just trying to spread positivity and you've got haters. Yeah. Like this. Take them and throw them on the ground. Yeah. That's going to end up in a waterway. Yes. And then the BBC natural history thing will film it. And then Attenborough will get on the mic and be like, and this is what has happened to our oceans. Yeah. So we can't have that. He's right though. He is. It's just a shame that you can't get stoned and watch any of the BBC natural history things anymore. They really took the magic out of having like too many edibles and watching like Blue Planet. Here's the thing. In the last century, I don't think we should have killed 70% of the life on the planet. Okay. I'm listening. Yeah. That's, I mean, that's my whole point. I don't know. If you need me to substantiate that, then I don't know what to tell you. Yeah. Have you seen the thing that's going around about how like our trees have been able to insufficiently absorb CO2 and stuff? Yeah. Like that every time that we kind of guess how much CO2 that the forest is, or the world's forests are taking up, it's actually less. Yeah. Than we thought. Yeah. But hey, we don't want people to get into like Doomerism or anything. We still want you to do stuff. So make sure that you- Make sure you do something. Do something. Yeah. Make sure, remember, you can still do something. You could like just buy a couple of things off the internet and then do something. Yeah. If you've been waiting for a sign, this is it. Do something. Yeah. There's never been a more important time in history to do something. I was thinking about John Hinckley the other day. Junior or senior? I don't know the difference. The one that I know. I think that's Johnny. Wait, have I appended that? Yeah. Junior. Sorry. Junior is the criminal. Yeah. And like classic reply guy shit goes in and like, hey, you want me to kill the president, right? Blam. But then for him to be like in jail for, I don't know, 20 years and Jodie Foster going like, actually, that was kind of hot. Oh, it's so good. It's fucking amazing. When he tried to kill the president for me. That's so romantic. You know, like, I don't want to encourage people, but when someone does something. When someone does something. A lot of people think that they're like mistakenly getting messages from like the stuff that they listen to or they watch. They believe that like a celebrity is sort of trying to tell them to do something. I just want you to know, this isn't one of those. Do something. We're not celebrities. Yeah, that's right. But it still will be pretty cool when you do something. Hey, goading schizophrenic listeners of the podcast into doing something. Yeah. Maybe it's not great to do, but nobody's perfect. We explore people not being perfect in Pobody's Nerfect. Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick. Pobody's Nerfect. No, no. Pobody's Nerfect. No, no. Whoopsie-daisy. Yeah. Yeah. Pobody's Nerfect. No. No This is from WDKY in Kentucky, The Dookie. Kentucky family demands answers after organs nearly taken from living man. Okay, I mean, I kind of get, I know where this is going. I have a different run-in with this. Well, I assume this is where this is going. I have a different run-in with this when, like, I went to the ER with Dookie Belly, and they're like, well, got to take your appendix. And then several different, like, cycles of doctors are like, yep, we're going to come in and we're going to whip that bad boy out. And then finally, like, the doctor who has the air of seniority comes in and is like, I hear they're going to take your appendix, son. I'm like, yeah, so I hear. And you're like, but that's not what, your appendix isn't dying, is it? I'm like, no, not to my understanding. And then I went home. Huh. Yeah. I had big-time dookie pants. And that can happen to anyone. Yeah. The Kentucky family is looking for answers after a man was declared brain dead and being prepared to have his organs harvested while he was still alive. Don Aurora said her- I think they should check. They should really do a couple of checks. Quick check. Yeah. Just like a few little prods and pokes. Yeah. To my understanding, having a heartbeat is sort of like an easy proxy measurement you can have for whether or not somebody is alive still. Yeah. It's sort of a synecdoche, I think, of being alive. Don Aurora said her brother is a shell of the person he used to be. Quote, TJ was an outdoorsman. He liked to be in the woods, and he says his favorite thing was to watch the deer. He loved camping, hiking, all things outdoor and everything, said Aurora. His life's been stripped away from him. Her brother, 36-year-old Anthony Thomas TJ Hoover II, had his life changed forever. On October 25th, 2021, he was admitted to Baptist Health Richmond's emergency room. He was experiencing cardiac arrest and was deemed code blue, meaning he was in critical condition and needed immediate medical attention. Quote, we were told TJ had no reflexes, no responses, and no brain waves, no brain activity. And we were told that on the 26th, 27th, 28th, and the 29th. I'm sorry. And we were told that on the 26th, the 27th, the 28th, and the 29th. Okay. We made the decision as a family to remove him from life support because, you know, he was brain dead. Yes. Because of that declaration, they decided to honor TJ's wishes as an organ donor. Oh. They're getting started straight away? Yeah. Well, I guess. Quote, we had his honor walk, but almost as soon as his honor walk started, his eyes started to open. And not just open, he was checking around, looking to see what was going on, said Aurora. Quote, and we were told that was just reflexes, just normal instinct, and he's not there. Yeah. Fuck. Sometimes you got to go with the vibes. Oh, man. Hey, I know that I'm told that that's something that dead people do sometimes, but by the same token, the vibe is sort of that he's alive and with us in this room now. I'm just getting the overwhelming impression that he's frantically eyeballing why the fuck they're, like, starting organ removal. Yeah. So maybe we should just do a couple more tests. I know that it's hard to resource hospitals. Yes. The wages are, you know, are expensive. Space is expensive. You don't have to six sigma to the point where you are removing body organs from a man who is going to, but still not yet dead. Yes. Potentially. Yeah. What do I know? I'm just, I'm not a doctor. I've never been a doctor. Yeah. But I do think there should be some sort of, like, a sort of a soft rule that if someone's doing this stuff that looks like they could still have brain function, even if there is another explanation for it, maybe use that as, like, a, hey, let's just redo all our tests and stuff. Yeah. Kind of your little flow chart. Yeah. Is he frantically looking around like this is the worst thing that's ever happened to him? Yeah. Yes. Okay. Is he asking you what the bone sore is for? Put the bone sore down. So we were told that was just reflexes. But that wasn't the case. In fact, he wasn't dead. He was very much alive. Quote, it's a matter of life and death. It's more than frustration. I feel like they were trying to choose my brother. They were going to sacrifice my brother's life to save how many other people? Or when you say it like that. Well, the numbers. The numbers. This is the thing that's getting me here is this suggestion that the doctors knew and were like, I got someone that needs a heart. I got someone that needs eyes. We can't be waiting around all week for this guy to die. Yeah. Rora said doctors failed to inform her that her brother woke up during his heart catheterization that morning. Yeah. I mean, if he's been kind of clinically dead for several days and then he wakes up. You maybe want to mention that? Might be something that you want to mention. Oh, one more thing. He woke up this morning. Your brain dead brother? Yeah. Your beloved brother who's been dead on the trolley for like three days? TJ was awake for a little bit this morning. Not dead. On a walk. Organ removal. Let's go. She said that if they had known that, they would have known he wasn't brain dead. Rora said she didn't know about any of this until the beginning of this year when Nicoletta Martin, a surgical preservation coordinator, contacted her. Martin was on first call for Kentucky organ donor affiliates or CODA and was on her way to the operation room to take over care. That's when she received a horrifying phone call. She was told TJ was thrashing around crying, trying to police teeth out and pushing everyone's hands away. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because he's an alive guy. Yeah. And they're about to take his organs. We've got a, yeah, we've got a weird one on the table here. Uh, so, you know, typical kind of like take his organs, put them in someone else sort of situation. Never seen it before. He doesn't want his organs taken out. He doesn't want us to do this. In organ removal, we called this one a code one, which is, uh, the guy is alive. Fuck me. Thrashing around. Trying to pull his teeth out. I don't know if that's a typo or if that is just like the extreme panic that he was in. Oh my God. Yeah. This is a, okay, you know, everyone, not everyone, but it's a very common existential threat of like waking up on the table and they're still doing surgery on you, right? Oh, horrifying thought. Horrifying thought. Unable to scream, unable to do anything about it. Yeah. Now there's a new one unlocked. Yeah. So watch out when you wake up and they're trying to take all your organs. Be ready to fight. I'll tell you what. Be ready to fight. Yeah. At any time. Before you get put under for anything, just kind of quietly lift a scalpel off the surgical table and then just keep it sort of palmed, ready to go for in case you wake up and you got to get the fuck out of there. Before you go under, maybe your cue will be when you start counting down from 10. That's your cue to remember. Slip on knuckle dusters. Now, you probably won't need them, but if you do, you're going to be glad you had them. Yeah. And make sure you know where the exits are, which windows you can jump out of, what floor you're on. This is going to send some people insane. It might. I'm not saying you have to use it. Oh, it's a conspiracy to take my organs? Fuck. I mean, this is what it honestly sounds like. This is nuts. This sounds like something that Republicans would make up as a story about Obamacare. Yes. Or whatever. When they had, what was the thing that they were losing their minds? Like death panels or whatever? Death panels. Yeah. To decide who lives and dies kind of deal. Yeah. If you're waking up and you hear the words, doctor, the harvesters are here. Use that scalpel. Use those knuckle dusters. Jump out the fucking window. Jump out the window. No. It's not going to be, you're going to be a little embarrassed because your bum's showing out the back of those. Yeah. What do you call them? Hospital pants? I think we call them hospital pants. Hospital pants. I'm putting my hospital pants on. But they're a more important. Surgical gown? Is that a surgical gown? Surgical gown. Yeah. Yeah. There's more important things in the world, like keeping all of your organs on the inside. Yeah. And you are jumping from the third floor, so it's going to hurt a little bit. But like if you roll, it's not going to be that bad. No. Just go straight into a roll. Spring up. Get into one of the cars that's in the like emergency drop off area. Yes. Get the fuck out of there. Use a med pack in there if you need to. Yes. And then you want to go to like a CVS and you want to get like just a hair color that's not yours. Maybe even just some bleach. You go into a gas station bathroom. You cut most of your hair off, but you leave a different haircut. You dye that and then you just keep driving. Yeah. You probably want to get some clothes that's up stage too. Oh, yeah. True. You might find some in the car you've stolen maybe. Don't rely on it. Or you run through a backyard and just sort of take some stuff off the line. Yes. I think it's a classic. If you see stuff on the line, that's yours. It's always like a flannel shirt and jeans for whatever reason. Which is a classic look. Can't go wrong. Absolutely. Yeah. If you steal a cop car, I think you get a shotgun and like 10 bullets as well. You do. Yeah. And access to the police database. Yeah. If you need to do something. If you need to do something. Quote, they were trying to prep and drape him for surgery. And it's kind of crazy. But the doctors decided they were absolutely not going to do this case. Said Martin. Said Martin. Said Martin. Said Martin. Said Martin. The CODA coordinator. This is the Kentucky organ donor affiliates coordinator. That was on site that day. Actually called CODA's admin for some guidance and was told, you will find another surgeon or you'll lose your job. Because we're going to complete this case. Pardon? What the fuck is happening? It says here on the computer. We need those fucking organs. Yeah. So you better start pulling. Man. I just need to stress that I didn't pull this from like a conspiracy website or like a right wing blog or something. Because it makes me feel bad reading it aloud. Like I'm contributing to something bad. This is the news. This is a regular news station. This happened to a guy. The organ donor person was like, fucking do it. Yeah. Or else. You tear those organs out or we'll find someone who can. Just get someone to hold him down. How strong can he be? It's not like he's palmed a scalpel or put on knuckle dusters. Yes. And that's the lesson. Of course he hasn't put on knuckle dusters. We're in the clear. She said nobody, not even TJ himself, could believe what was happening. Okay. Well, I would put him at the top of the list of people who shouldn't be able to believe what's happening. Yeah. How about she said nobody, especially TJ. Quote, TJ has a lot of short-term memory problems from surgery, but TJ knows what happened. TJ says, why me? Why did they want my organs? This poor guy. Holy fuck. Now he thinks that he's got special organs and the Reptile Illuminati Kentucky Organ Donor Affiliates Association or whatever wants his special organs for the pyramids. But like, okay, so he's obviously suffered some real damage, you know. So the brain damage is from lack of oxygenation from his heart attack stuff. Is that what we're understanding? Like, is that... They're not entirely clear on that, but I would assume so. It's not from like being bonked on the head with a hammer so that they can take his organs, right? Like it's from the thing that he came in for. Yeah, presumably. And then being comatose for a couple of days. And then probably the incredible trauma of like waking up and there's like six leering reptile organ donor surgeons being like, yes, we want his specifically. And like... Christ. Him going like, I'm pretty certain I remember them trying to harvest my organs, but it could also be the brain damage. Yeah. And then... That I took. Like six months later, a woman who's involved was like, oh, no, no, no. We were definitely trying to take your organs. Yeah. We were super, super trying to get those organs. I was threatened with being fired if I didn't take your organs specifically, TJ. And TJ feels guilt still about how he did not die so that people could get his organs to save their lives. Don't put... TJ, no. Body. That's not you. That's not your fault. I'm glad you're alive, TJ. I'm fucking thrilled you're alive. And so is your family. Christ. Christ. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. Martin says, that's horrific to me. Nobody should ever be put in that position. That's not what this mission is about. An unlikely bond was formed between Martin and Rora. Unlikely because it's between organ harvester and organ harvestee. Right. Yeah. And now they're both demanding answers. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you would be. I would probably make that my life's mission. To be like, why? This is all I'm on this planet for anymore. How? Is to try and unpick this thread. There's no way this couldn't make you absolutely fucking mental. Like. A hundred percent. Like, the healthiest version of mental you would become from this is, I'm never getting surgery again because I have a lot of trauma from it. Do it. Yeah. Yeah. Like, this guy's just kind of fucked now. And then the worst kind of trauma you'd get from it is, like, there's something special about my organs. Yeah. And then you go down. And then in between is death list. Yeah. Start, stop. Yeah. Do something. Cross them off one by one. Yeah. This is the shit that happened to the jigsaw guy in Saw 5 or whatever. Saw 10? I don't know. This is Saw 10, probably. I watched the first five minutes and I turned it off when the guy got his eyeballs sucked out. Yeah. I think this is Saw 10 for sure. But this is how you get jigsaw. Yeah. The jigsaw killer or whatever his name is. Man. This guy's going to, like, probably end up blowing up a federal building at some point. And you'll have to be like. Well. Well. Yeah. We kind of did that to him. We kind of made this guy. Yeah. He was forged in the society that we created. Hopefully, he did a couple of, hey, you seem cool. Don't come to the, like, Kentucky Federal Records building. Tomorrow or whatever. These, the doctors and the administrators and whoever's involved with the company. Like, this can't be a, this can't be like a government thing, right? Is this a. It's got to be. I mean, although I don't know. It's America. So probably not. They should all be remade. Yes. Yeah. I'm really, I'm tickled by how much you're enjoying remaking as a punishment. They should have all their organs put on the outside and remade. I reckon the same punishment as the other one. Just lobster heads. That's our new punishment for, like, most crimes. Yeah. Is you just get lobster heads. So you can't really fuck with stuff too much. Quote. Quote. When TJ woke up, why was he then sedated and paralyzed instead of taken back to the ICU immediately to have a repeat neuro exam? Great. Yeah. Probably a good, great question. Insanely good question. Yeah. Why was TJ's life not honored and he treated like a patient? Added Martin. Quote. Everyone wants to believe this is an isolated incident and it's not. What? What? What? Pardon? This is coming from the woman who works for the organ removal place? Okay. What the fuck? You can't drop that? Oh, this happens all the time just by the way. In this, like, small news story in Kentucky? Oh, this happens constantly. What? Oh, it's a grand conspiracy. What are you talking about? Ah. And it seems very shocking. Yeah. You have to be able to trust those people taking care of you. And in this case, TJ's life was literally in their hands. So where's the trust there? Yeah. Where are you? It seems like there's a breakdown in trust. Yeah. I think trust is the big problem here. Yeah. You didn't trust us. This is making me feel crazy. The Kentucky Attorney General's office is now looking into this case. Yeah. Oh, good idea. Smart. This happened three years ago. Three years. They've probably got some other things on the boil. It's not as if the insinuation here is that this could keep happening. We're so desperate for organ donation that these, like, supposedly benevolent organ donation organizations are like, fuck it. He's a slab. Take him. Who cares? Yep. Christ alive. I never intended for this to be the last story of the episode, but that was definitely an episode of the podcast. Bunte Vista. Thank you for joining me and Theo. Just two boys this weekend. Yeah. Because Lucy is in Adelaide and Andrew messaged us at, like, what, 5 p.m. yesterday to be like, yeah, I'm probably going to be too hungover tomorrow. I'm probably going to get blackout tonight, so. One of history's most well-organized podcasts. Yeah. I hope that doesn't just, that last story doesn't just ping pong around in your brain for the rest of the week and you find something else around you to kind of enjoy and take in and don't, don't think about the organ stuff. Just don't think about it. Don't become crazy from this one thing. No, please. Please don't. The other stuff, sure. Whatever. Thank you so much for joining us. We loved having you here. It would have been silly doing it without you. If you enjoy this podcast and you think, you know what, I'm actually, I spend like 15 hours a week on the train getting to and from work. Hell, I could use a second episode of Buntavista. You can get that for the price of a medium-sized beer a month at patreon.com slash Buntavista. And if you've already signed up, oh man, you rule. Hey, thank you. Yeah. We will see you either on the next free episode or in a couple of days on the bonus episode. Uh, stay safe out there. Bye. Bye. Bye.