 I think the modern man has a sort of reserve of mansplaining that he needs to release. And I feel like this setting is a great space for that. And I feel like as a woman, I'm doing community service with letting y'all explain things. You're like a Victorian doctor wanking off hysterical women. But you're doing it for men and they need to explain something to a woman. Yes, 100%. So what was ancient Rome really like? And then I just sort of sit back. A lot more painted statues, personally. Very colorful. Yeah, it's colorful. Isn't that one big thing? People imagining ancient Rome as like a sort of city of white marble. I love that I use it as an example, but Riley took it seriously and went with it. Let's go. It would have looked really gross. Yeah, but people sort of imagining ancient Rome as a city of white marble and stuff. But it would be the same as someone from 500 years in the future being like, oh, you know, 2000 years in the future even being like, oh, we have to, you know, return to the glory of Manhattan. And it's just like post 9-11, ground zero. It's just, it's ruins. Be like, they lived in ruins. Or like all the concrete buildings in London that are from the 60s that are now like, they've got those watermarks. No, no, please, more. No, no, no. I see what's going on here. All the other women are running away and I'm just here. You're like Spider-Man meme. Yes. Holding the two courages together. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm walking around my house. I'm like looking at Nikki and just being like, about bathism again. You're inventing a new kind of sex work where it's just talking, but it's not like sexy talking. You'd be surprised as to how much of sex work is actually that. Yeah, yeah. From what I hear from the sex workers on Twitter who I follow. That's what I've heard is that it's, they always say, you'd be amazed how often it's just. It's just chatting. Dinner. And you're like, that does sound pretty good. Dinner, you say? How much dinner? Dinner, eh? Is it, is the dinner included in the price and the, they throw the dinner in? Can you have double dinner? At what point do you think if you hired an escort and said, I'm going to have seven dinners? We're going to spend, you know, 11 hours in one restaurant. And I need you to just rub my belly in between courses while I go, oh. I need you to endorse my disgusting gluttony. So reverse mukbang. Who's a good boy? After each dinner, I'm going to need you to say, hey, I could still eat. Could you? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I got room. Well, it's mukbang adjacent, isn't it? I'm paying you to watch me do a mukbang. Well, it's more like I'm paying you to give me the sort of social permission to sort of just keep having dinners. Yeah. Saying to the waiter, he's a growing boy. Look at him go. And then his wife is at home crying saying, I would have watched him eat the dinner. All he had to do was ask back in the day. You used to eat six, seven, 13 dinners in front of me when we were starting to go out. When I get into the seventh dinner, what am I doing? I'm sick. I could eat seven dinners in front of my wife at home. What's wrong with me? Mommy, I saw daddy eat dinner in front of another lady. Oh, that's okay. But it was dinner number nine. No! It's not even like I don't want to eat seven dinners in front of her. We just lost touch with one another. She's just on her phone instead of watching me eat that dinner. I don't even need her to watch me eat the dinner. I just need her to say, we could have a little more. One of those online confession things where it's like, oh, I'm just quickly trying to eat five or six dinners before my wife gets home. It's only when she's out at yoga class that I get a chance to do that. But sometimes she walks in on me and I just feel that she's disgusted. She says, how many dinners have you had? And it's been seven. But I say, she wouldn't believe it if I just said just the one dinner. I say three. Because then, you know, it's like, okay, well, if I said one, she'd be like, okay, well, you're lying. Yeah. I don't want her to think seven. No. I can walk back three. My wife said, sorry, I'm not Bevo. And that really hurt me. I never wanted her to be Bevo. Oh, fuck Bevo. Shit. I didn't want to ever remember the no chew man again. But he does chew. It's a liar. I think he chews less. It's false marketing. He's a liar. That's your beef with Bevo. It's a revolting liar. Well, we were doing Glue Factory. I pulled up an article that I just, oh yeah, we have a podcast, four of us, called Glue Factory. It's on YouTube. You know the deal. There's an episode every week for that. I don't know why I pulled this up. It was around when we were talking about like. Cannibalism. The historic. Yeah. It was cannibalism or the historically accurate Viking. Uh-huh. Because I remembered. I just remembered. It was. We were talking about like the Turkish guy. It was being protected by the Vikings. And I remembered. I wonder what happened with the world's sort of most profitable but most personally odious restaurant owner. Nusret Ghotse. Who's that? Salt Bay. Oh, yeah. What about him? Well, apparently his restaurants have started to lose an awful lot of money. Oh, no. Oh, really? Because they're bad. They're bad. They're bad restaurants. Well, they're really ludicrously expensive. Yeah. They're the ones where people are always posting the bill and it's like, oh, we had dinner for two and it was $15,000. What is a gold-plated tomahawk steak? Is their special? Yeah. Oh, okay. What I also find very tasty. Like a champagne sparkler in the middle of it. No, what I find really funny about those bills sometimes is there's, yeah, it's a $14,000 bill or whatever. And it's like all like steak and fried. It's like steakhouse food but with gold leaf on it. And then like 19 vodka Red Bulls. That you're pairing 19 vodka Red Bulls with this like big juicy steak and I don't fucking get it. Who is doing that? Yeah, awful people. Imagine the bathrooms in that place. God. Yeah. That's not why they're losing the money. They have to keep replacing the bowl. And it's got gold leaf on it. So they're flushing a lot of money down the roof. Surely they just recycle the gold leaf. They would forge it anew. Oh, you wouldn't. You wouldn't want the poo leaf on your steak. Well, you're drinking pee. It's just cleaned pee. He needs to open his own abattoir. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That's how he saves money. Gold plated cow. Man, this guy's trying to piss off God. That's his thing. Like every God. Like the gold food is to piss off some kind of Aztec God. Like the gold cow is to piss off the Christian God. He's covering all that. This man wants to be struck down. He's committing suicide by deity. He's actually annoyed that he can't seem to commit enough hubris to get struck down. He's like, I thought I was really good at hubris but turns out I'm not as good at hubris as I thought I was. I thought I was so good at hubris. Perhaps even better than the God. No, this is an article that came out one month ago. Woman arrested after a restaurant that feuded with Salt Bae has 5,000 pounds worth of meat stolen. Wow. One tomahawk steak missing. Yeah. One gold plated cow stolen. The old November tweet of I hope they found both the textbooks. Yeah. Do you think he gets carpal tunnel or like a repetitive strain injury on his wrist or sparkling salt? I imagine. If it was like 2020, like what, like 2018? When did he do his thing? Like 2018? If it was 2018 and he came to your table and did that little salt thing, that must have been like Christmas for the very dumb. Like if we're just for that must have been like the most exciting thing for a really stupid guy. Just like on the GIF. I've got the meme dinner. I've hired a GIF for 15 grand. For 15 grand. Which GIF would you hire for 15 grand? 15 grand? Yeah. Giving you 15 grand, you can only spend it on hiring a meme. I get the cereal guy to sort of. Who's the cereal guy? You're the cereal guy? Who's the cereal guy? It's not a meme. It's like an old meme. It's like an old comic. What does he do? Where it's like a guy eating cereal and he says. He's like spitting the cereal out of surprise. Yeah, he says something like. Stickman. He's a stickman. Yeah, he's a stickman eating cereal and he says something like, I don't know. George Bush definitely won't mispronounce three words in this speech and then, you know, then there's a clip of George Bush being like, I resemble that remark or whatever. And he spits out the cereal. Oh, I know exactly the one you're talking about. Yeah, the cereal guy. I'd hire a cereal guy. Yeah, the cereal stickman. He would be a stick. He would be a stickman, of course. He would be a normal guy in a morph suit with a stick figure drawn on it. And then he would go into the pose and I'd be like, I love being an eccentric billionaire. Yeah, I mean, you get into interesting territory there because that sort of assumes there is a cereal guy to hire. What you're doing is you're hiring a guy to be the cereal guy, but that presumably you could do very cheaply. You could just get an out of work actor to do that. If I were a billionaire, I would get so many out of work actors. I would hire so many out of work actors to do stuff like this. And they would be like, yeah, but like, why am I spitting the cereal out? That's what I'm trying to understand. Oh yeah, because he's like trained at RADA. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah, no, I get that. He's paying so well. I'm kind of focusing on working at Pret-a-Manger at the moment, but you know. It's one of the few jobs that you can get without internships, whatever. This is a serious, well-paid, with clear roots up job in the entertainment industry. What's the root up place? Other memes. Yeah, other memes. Yeah, you could be the old man grimacing at the computer. Yeah. That's sort of like the Ian McKellen type, you know. You could be the, as you get older, you can get into older memes. You can be the guess I'll die guy. Yeah. You know, you could be that one. The Hungarian guy. Yeah. Yeah, I'd hire him. The Hungarian guy. The painful smile. Yeah, the old guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The painful smile guy. He's a real guy. There's an advert campaign for some football club. Okay, well, show me the sort of real life application. Where are you hiring him? In what context? He'd be in my entourage. Oh, you. He would just be with me in a general sense. He'd carry my gun into the nightclub when I got searched. On your tour bus, his car would have the guns and drugs in it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. To be fair, I would want him. And then when the police call him over, he'll go, ha, ha, ha. Look at the internet. And I'll say, exactly. Yeah. Hey, you get it. You get it, officer. You get it. You see my entourage? I've got him, the overly attached girlfriend, and of course, the advice dog. He's very old now, the advice dog. He does these shits a lot on the tour bus, but we love him. What's the tour bus doing? What is your tour tour? Cooring around. Yeah, it's Pierre's stand-up tour. Oh, you're just telling your stand-up comedy. You just have an entourage of out-of-work actors. You've hired to play memes from 14 years ago. No, no, the real guy. No, the real guy. I'm saying I'm an actual guy. He's alive and old. They go to Salt Bae's restaurant. You get the bill. It's $15,000. You give it to the old guy who say, do the face. Do the face and pose with Bill. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh. You get the sort of the bulging vein kid in computer class. Oh, he's great. He could also hold the bill. You could do like a contest of, hey, here's the $15,000 Salt Bae bill, right? Because we're running through every old meme. We're in 2018 now. There's that one. What I want you to do is do your meme reactions, and the best one gets to eat tonight. Now that Ellen is canceled, we're doing her job on this very podcast. We're discovering internet people and making them do things for our entertainment. There needs to be some... She needs to come back to stop. Like, Hayley Welch should be gone. Who's that? Oh my God, are you threatened by another podcaster? That's kind of what it sounds like. She's a hug to a girl who has a talk to a podcast. Oh. But what is it about? Is it about sucking dicks? No, I think it's just an interview podcast. No, that's this podcast. Yeah, sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Or like the we're Costco guys, people. They should have been expunged. I love the Costco guys. I love the Costco. Which one is that one? Okay, so Costco guys, it's a failed wrestler from New Jersey, I believe. And so he tried to get viral so many times. He like did wrestling. Is that the music of the failed wrestler from New Jersey? He's being pile driven by the historically accurate vikings. He's just not very good. That's his whole thing as a wrestler. He's an amazing wrestler because he's able to play a bad wrestler. I want to say he's Italian American. He's got very long eyelashes. That's his thing. He has failed, tried and failed to be a wrestler, a content creator. And then one time he's like, he has a young, young son. He decided to do a video reviewing Costco food with his son and it went viral. And then they started doing videos of just reviewing Costco food together. And now they're a whole empire because they have a whole cast of characters. They have a fake cousin called the Rizzler. It's just another kid who they're not related to, but they call him a cousin. And they have these like almost sketches. He has like perfect sphere physiognomy. He's amazing. You've never seen a boy so spherical as Rizzler. I love the Rizzler. You could roll him. He's like Mike Wazowski. He's like a different country. It's like when you move to a different country and everyone's explaining their TV to you. Yeah. So yeah. So that's. So Big Justice is. I don't know. Oh no. So he calls his son Big Justice because Big Justice was his own wrestling persona. So he calls his son the name of his failed wrestling persona. His failed dream. Yeah. Oh, it's like the plot of the Iron Claw. Yeah. Or this is like someone who like New Jersey Spider-Man would fight. Yeah. A Spider-Man who's not very dependent on particularly high buildings to swing from. A Spider-Man who mostly takes the bus. Yeah. Well, a motorbike. Hair-shaped Spider-Man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There we go. Yeah. That's the entire Spider-Man. There's nowhere for these people to kind of. Like they go on fucking like Fallon and he clearly hates them. Okay. I'm not siding with Fallon here. I hate to side with Fallon. Yeah. Yeah. You do hate to side with Fallon. Fallon needs to interview like three people every day and they're in the side guys. So fucking sit down and interview them, Jimmy. James. Yeah. How long? Because the Costco men. The Costco guys. Thank you. Costco guys. Yeah. There's only one of them is a man. But not all of them have gone through the transition from boyhood to manhood. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I'm going to guess that quite a lot of the appeal was like, oh, the kid was kind of funny or cute. Like a sort of nine-year-old, eight-year-old. Pardon me. Okay. Can I just show you a TikTok of them so you sort of know what we're talking about here? Yeah. There's something like faintly evil about them. You can't quite. There's like a horror. Isn't it like the problem with kids say the funniest things when the kid grows up? Here we go. This is. Yeah. Okay. They have a. We bring the boom. They have a song. They've got this kind of like doughiness about them that you only see in America. Yeah. Yeah. Because it's not. Because people say Americans are fat and it's not true. Oh, right. So the one kid looks like the disappointing son from The Sopranos. Yeah. Yeah. That's the selling point. Almost exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And then there's another sort of spherical boy. The kind of eerie puffiness. That's the Rizzler. Yeah. Yeah. That you only get in like the state of New Jersey. Like from just eating just processed meats for an entire life. So it's all just like die numbers. Yeah. But like their calorie intake's not that crazy. Like they're not that overweight, but it's just like the puffiness. All I hope for these people. Yes. But including Salt Bay, including the Rizzler, is that they have some sort of savings account. And that is, and it's acquiring interest, accruing interest. Sorry. They purchase a single non-mortgage place to live, which would be the prize of almost anyone's life. A mortgage-free property to live in. And then they'll be fine. But they won't. They'll buy a motorcycle. And they'll buy drugs. Ever since my father fought the Iron Sheik, we can only do Islamic finance. Usury is illegal. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Ever since my father fought the Iron Sheik, we can only do Islamic finance. Is this like he lost? And so the bet was, I will move all of my banking to like a Sharia compliant bank. But this will be gibberish to the listener, no? These references. Unless they've listened to exactly... Well, we set up that he was a failed wrestler. No, no, no. But unless they've listened to exactly the last glue factory. Well, I guess they probably should. But that won't be helpful. I think that's possible. That's a wrestler. A D-I-N-S-A-P. What I'm saying is in America becoming a meme that goes on Fallon is the only way to pay for healthcare. So I really, really hope that these guys are sort of... It's either that or working at like Lockheed Martin. Or any public sector job with a health insurance policy, no? I really hate Jimmy Fallon. I'm going to put my cards on the table here. But the internet seems to hate Jimmy Fallon en general, no? Yeah, I hate all of them. I hate all the late night hosts. And then people say, why don't we have late night shows in the UK? And I'm like, oh, because they're bad. They're not good. I know that what I'm about to share is the most probably basic opinion I could really summon, but you've got to love Conan, surely. I do like Conan. I don't think Conan has a show anymore. No, no, no. Not anymore. But when he did... I don't think he's that funny. I think he's just he's funny for a late night host, but that's such a low bar. He's charming. He's really good at setting up Norm Macdonald, for example. Good at setting up a man who's dead for a riff. They don't need to be funny. They need to be like charming and very good at interviewing. Yeah. And interviewing anybody. So like Jimmy Fallon is bad because he's mean to the Rizzler. Yeah. But you want to give the Rizzler Jimmy Fallon's show? You will mean to the Rizzler. Yeah, he'd be nice. He'd be like, do you want half of this Costco hot dog? No, he wouldn't say, do you want half of it? He'd be like, you can have your own. I'm eating the whole Costco hot dog. Got to maintain this Rizzler physique. I think when I realized that the void at the heart of Jimmy Fallon's soul is that interview with Nicole Kidman, where she's talking about how she went to Jimmy Fallon's apartment and was trying to fuck him. And he was too engrossed in video games. And then he was like, I can't believe I missed out on that. And I'm just like, this is this is you should kill yourself immediately on live television. What video game? What video game? It must be really good. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Stop everything. I need to I need whatever just happened to be studied. Okay, you this is not being filmed. So I will describe this. This will be an audio description. We are sitting in a row. It's Milo. It's me. It's Pierre and it's Riley. And to the right of me is Milo, who cannot fathom a man playing a video game instead of having sex. Nicole Kidman. And to the left of me is Pierre and Riley, who need to know what the video game is to make that joke. Yeah, but at the very least, we also can't believe it. But as a result, it's like someone saying, yeah, you know, it's a really good video game. And he died because of all the mega heroin. And we're like, what's mega? What's mega heroin? Is it available nearby? Does mega heroin have like a realistic economy simulator? Yeah. What's the fentanyl of video games? I guess that's what we're trying to ask. Oh, no, that's an easy answer. Of course, it's Hearts of Iron. Or Europa. Yeah, Europa Universalis 4. Wait, this is heroin of video games? Yeah, I think so. Oh, I wanted to say a Barbie video game, but I don't remember the name. Command and Conquer 3 Barbie. Yeah. But it was one where you could do her makeup. And it felt great. Oh, okay. Yeah. When did Nicole Kidman, she was happy to admit this? Between Tom Cruise and Heath Urban. Yeah, crazy that she's happy to admit this. I don't know whether it's like, she's like, this is such a good roast of Jimmy Fallon. And I hate Jimmy Fallon so much. Yeah, she's suicide bombing Jimmy Fallon with that. A very similar thing happened. Jennifer Lawrence went on Seth Meyers and told him that she was going to ask him out. And Seth Meyers was like, had a girlfriend at the time. The inventor of civilization. Seth Meyers civilization. I have a friend. Well, very hot women love funny guys. Why do you think I'm here? I had like an acquaintance who dated Andrew Garfield for a while. And all he ever wanted to do was have her drive him to Waitrose so we could walk around. Yeah, nice. I believe that. To get recognized or to look at the produce? Well, that's his demo. He wouldn't get recognized at like a Lidl. You need like a certain class of person. I tried to write a routine once about how soothing I find a big supermarket. Yeah, they're great. But people didn't seem to get right. Especially in a foreign country so you can look at the other stuff. What kind of cereal they're eating. That's it. It's the best feeling ever. Like going into like a co-op in Switzerland. Yeah. Oh my God. They shouldn't have a co-op in Switzerland. It's a different company. Oh, okay. It's not the same company. Or a spa. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you go into the co-op Lausanne. Yeah. You can just go to the co-op Lausanne. A car four? Can I tell you something else? If you go there and you get the Knusper Muesli mit Apfel, it will change your fucking life. I'm fine with my life. It will change my life because of how much money I've just spent on one box of cereal. Yeah, 28 pounds. Yeah, yeah. And I've also gone to Switzerland to buy it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, fine. It will set me on a dark path. How about this? It's very good cereal. It probably won't change your life. You'd be like, wow, that's really good. I hate cereal. It's very you for your favorite cereal to be muesli. Specifically. Swiss muesli. Yeah, like my favorite cereal is, guess what? Not cereal. You know that meme of the little baby who's really excited to go to the Four Seasons Orlando? What? Well, that baby's grown up. The fully conscious baby? I remember that one. I'd hire that fully conscious. You're the fully conscious baby. I'd hire the fully conscious baby also to be in my entourage. To go to the Four Seasons Orlando together? No, no, to sort of enthusiastically endorse things. I'd be like, who wants to go to Nusret in Knightsbridge, run up a $15,000 bill of vodka, Red Bulls, and tomahawk steaks? Me. Yeah. No, we should hire the... You can hire the Four Seasons Orlando baby. And I'll hire the massive baby off TikTok in 2020. Do you remember that guy? Surely that was a video edited baby, I think. I don't think that was a real baby. It was a big baby. I don't think it was a real baby. I don't think... Oh! And I'm gonna hire the Rizzler. You can't hire a current meme. And then we can make them fight each other. You can't, you can't, no, you have to, this is... Within this nonsensical world, you're like, that's a rule you're breaking. Yeah, it's just dead memes. We're hiring old memes. We're bringing them out of retirement. Okay, okay. We're giving them a job. I'm gonna hire Pookie's boyfriend and bring him in as a guest on Glue Factory to surprise Riley. Look, I'm all for being roasted. I just don't feel that roast resonate. Have you seen those videos? Meanwhile, in the mountains of Tasmania. And if you like that reference, consider listening. Consider in what, four weeks time subscribing to Glue Factory? Yeah, something like that. Uh-huh, great. Put it in your calendar. Note that down. Re-listen to this, then listen to that. You'll be like, ah, that makes sense. Yeah. You don't believe that Pookie Looks Fire guy is you? No. You're the same person. I'm not the same person at all. Separated as well. Which man is this again? That guy's an investor in like dental equipment companies. It's not so much that. It's the fact that he's just like- That's an alternate universe version of me. For you, the difference between these various white-colored jobs is this huge chasm. Whereas to anyone on the outside- Yeah, we're doing the same job. That is a technology consultant. I'm a consultant who works in technology. It's so exactly the same. To anyone who's not in it. No, he's like an American mid-level rich guy. You're not helping yourself. No, he's like- I'm Canadian. You've got to understand, this is a guy who probably makes like $25 million a year. Conservative. Really? Yeah. Why is he on TikTok? Why is he on TikTok? Exactly. Yeah, sign up to the Blue Factory Patreon. Why is anybody on TikTok? It's because it's just the place where the stuff is happening. So hang on. This is the man who's very like sort of- Besotted with his hot girlfriend. Yeah. And every time she comes out- But it's like her TikTok. I think so. No, I think it's actually his TikTok. His TikTok. Or is it joint? One of those. And basically, she comes in in a gorgeous outfit and he goes, Pookie looks fire tonight. And how is that not Riley and Nikki? Pookie's looking absolutely fire tonight. She's got on the Louboutins. She's got on the dress. She's got the Chanel bag. She's got like a Texas accent. Yeah, it's kind of like Southern. It's like a Southern drool sort of. Pookie's looking absolutely fire tonight. He's always wearing like blazers and shirts and stuff. And I've sort of spot welded like loose fitting acne jeans to my lower half for the rest of my life. Are they that loose fit if you've spot welded them on? Sound off in the comments. Yeah. God damn you. That sounds like a fit of jean you could buy at Top Man in like 2008. The Spotwell jeans. They look like the back end of a Porsche Carrera. Oh, Porsche 993? Redesigned by Emily Ondore? Yeah, I don't think. The Porsche 993 is such a design classic that you're in a choosing the right grail situation in Raiders of the Lost Ark, right? Huh? You know where they have to choose. I don't know about the grail. No, I don't know about cars. This would be a simple car. A carpenter's car. Well, exactly. Yeah, a wooden car. Well, then the Nazis have to choose the right grail. Yo! Yeah. Because they have to drink out of the right cup, the cup of Christ. Otherwise, because if you drink from the cup of Christ, the Ark of the Covenant opens and you get the stuff. If you drink out of the wrong cup, like the water is like acid and it melts your head. You're mixing one and three. You know, the consequence of stepping the wrong way around these religious artifacts in Indiana Jones 1 and 3, the same, which is you melt. But in number one, it's if you look in the Ark, you melt. In number three, it's if you drink from like the bejeweled cup, you melt. So there are all these different cups on the table, which are all different levels of like fancy. Hundreds of cups. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they're like, you have to pick the cup of Christ. And then the Nazi picks like the fanciest cup. It's like being a woman at a brat party, am I right? Exactly. Continue. Yeah. Some of the punch has been spiked. You see? Anyway, so they get to the right one. The Nazi drinks from the most bejeweled cup melts. And then Indiana Jones is like, well, he was a simple man. He was a carpenter. So he picked up the wooden cup. And then I'm like, Riley is doing that. It's better than fine. Yeah. Riley's doing this with Porsches. Where the Porsche 993 is, you know, it's a design. It's a design classic. You shouldn't let some foreign fashion designer. 993 is the wooden Porsche. Yeah, kind of. In this analogy. Yeah, I guess so. And what you're doing is you're picking the bejeweled Porsche. I don't know enough about cars. And it will melt you. Even I can smell there's something wrong about this. Yeah. Yeah. What's going on here? The Porsche 993 requires no adornment by like a guy with very loose clothing. But it's still a fancy thing though. It is, yeah. But I guess within the context of Porsches, it is that the wooden cup is the correct. Cars are one of the things I care the least about in my life. I would rather have like a chair and a steering wheel on just like open wheels. Like Flintstones. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want a Flintstones car. Powering it with your feet. Yeah, that's how much I really, I don't care. It's a thing that moves me to different places. I'm not interested in how it looks. So unpleasant to be in. Why are you so interested in this magical car? I'm not interested in a car per se. So much as when I see them advertised to me, I find it easy to be like, ooh, pretty. But then like the actual act of getting into a car, I'm like nauseous already. Yeah. Buying my car at the dealership and going like, oh, I'm nauseous already. Like the fainting dandy at the car dealership. Oh, I'm being a little naughty today. Imagine just sitting down in a car. When I imagine the smell of a car, because cars have like a smell. Yeah. Right? The smell of being in a car. Why do you want a car? I don't really want a car. I just, they keep getting advertised to me. So when you were a little baby boy, were you guys soldier boys? Soldier. Yeah. You. Or were you car boys? You're a soldier boy. Yeah. Yeah. I just made very, very, very large and elaborate buildings out of blocks. What kind? Are we talking Playmobil? No, like wooden blocks. I just had a sort of infinite amount of wooden blocks and I sort of built larger and larger. What kind of German childhood did you have? Black and white ass childhood did you have? Were you interested in cars or army men or what? Oh, it was building. It was building. Out of wooden blocks. Not even Lego? And then I had my cross section. How old are you? I had my cross section book. Yes, yes. What the fuck is a cross section book? Oh. Oh boy. Where autism comes from. That's how you catch. The big cross section. It's the original MMR vaccine. You open the cross section book. It just fits you. You get it. So you open the cross section book. It's basically this big book that details how like stuff fits together. So it'd be like, okay, well, this is the cross section of like a big ship. Oh, okay. Yeah. And then it's just a diagram of all the little decks and all the people doing this stuff. And there's a little worm in there with glasses on. Yeah, I like that. You stare at the cross section and you're like, you try to imagine how all of it fits together. You try to imagine other cross sections further along. And then. What was your favorite? Oh, the big ship. I love the big ship. Okay. Well, can I tell you something? I feel like I've told you this sort of surface level before, but basically in the middle of, I want to say Kentucky. I went to the creation museum. We've discussed this many a time, but next to the creation museum in the middle of Kentucky, the creation museum. And next to the best Chevak Chi Chi in all of Kentucky. And we hate Serbs. Yeah. But next to it, there is a two scale version of Noah's Ark that looks like a horizontal skyscraper. And inside of it, it is designed as if they were like actually trying to build the Ark. So they have, so it's very cross section heavy. So you have like every animal in a cage. They have all these cages piled on top of each other. You would really, really enjoy it. The sheer boldness. You should go to the Ark experience in Kentucky. The sheer boldness of two scale there is incredible. Well, they took the words from the Bible. Yeah. You know how many cubits are in the Ark. Yeah. It's measured. The specific schematic for the Ark is provided by God. And it's on the side of a highway in Kentucky, as it should be. Yeah. Why is it at the top of Mount Ararat? That's woke. It should be here in America. Exactly. Thank you. Yeah. What was your childhood obsession? What was my childhood obsession? Okay. Well, I was a keeper of the computer. So I did like the computer. And like at that age, you could. That was like a doily on the top because it's a Russian household. Yes, absolutely. I was a keeper of the computer. So I would say, conservatively speaking, 90% of my time was spent playing with word art. Yes. That was a good time. Paint and word art. Oh, yeah. Those fades to go to the right angles. Yeah, big time. So I did a lot of that when I was in the writing report. Because I'm very double-jointed of thumb. Ooh. And so it always is painful. Ladies. Sorry. Do you want to be grossed out by a thumb? Check me out. Yeah. So it was very painful for me to write sort of long. Because I would get cramps. Because like if I hold a pencil, it has to be like this. There's no other way. You're holding it like an Italian gesture. Yeah. Why couldn't you just hold it like pressed against the... It's just because my thumb would just collapse. Ooh. Yeah. So I did a lot of typing of various like school reports. And I got so into like having fun with the word art. Also the transitions on PowerPoint. Are you kidding me? Oh, yeah. And the little applause noise. Hey. That's out immediately after two seconds. So I was like, you know, able to... It was early email days. I was able to like email, you know, like early book reports, you know, to my teacher. And it would just be like, you know, the... I can't remember what books I was talking about. But like it would be like five minutes of just the sun also rises. Each and every different font. The book is spinning in. Spinning in. A book. A book report. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Burning onto the page by Riley Quinn. It's what Hemingway would have wanted. We discovered that if you... There's the pixelated transition on PowerPoint. Yeah. You could adjust the speed. And at its slowest speed, it would just be a square of the next slide appearing per sort of full second. So it's like the world's most boring animation. So slow. And you say to the teacher, no, you can't skip it. This is part of my presentation. It's part of it. It's the transition. Just wait. You have to wait. You need the full force. It's like an extra of three minutes to your presentation. It's like a dial-up presentation. But the next slide is then just is like something like, meanwhile. And then you skip straight to the next one. How many times did your teacher have to like give you whatever the elementary school equivalent of the light is? You know what I mean? Yeah. Up in the back of the room, the teacher's like, wind this up. Come on, wrap it up. He's losing him. He's losing him. The teacher's calling in a bomb threat. All right. All right. All right. Riley, you've talked about the corrupted blood thing from World of Warcraft for 30 minutes now. You have to. You have to stop. I'm not going into that. The teacher gets up, points at two kids in the front row. He's like, you two together. What's the story? What is this? First date? What's going on? No, no. Because you're much better looking than him. And he knows it. He knows it. Look, he's looking away. He's nice. He knows it. Even hearing it. Even hearing this stuff. So what do you do? I'm a student here. Is everyone here a fucking pupil? Yeah. Go on, blimey. What's going on? I hope the ball's shut. Wait, what's your soldier car thing? Yeah. I feel like I was sort of, I was kind of all of them, but whilst at the same time being a kind of effete little boy. I liked soldier stuff. I liked car stuff. Sports stuff? I liked blocks. Blocks were good. I liked building stuff. Sports stuff? Sports, yeah, kind of, but like not massively. I was, because I was never particularly like great at sports. None of you strike me as like football boys. I was, I was tennis and ski. Tennis and ski. Oh God, you do it to yourself. At the same time. We don't even have to do it. I'm tennis and ski. I told, I told my parents, I remember the exact words I used. They were trying to make me play sort of soccer or football as it be called here. I said, I don't care for sports where you get in the thick of things. In the, in the thick of things. Can that be the merch? And then I called it, I called them thick of things sports. And I was like, I can't do it because I'm being touched by too many people. There's too much contact. I just can't, I can't handle that. That is the sort of thing that is said by someone who's dressed like when they do flashbacks to when Mr. Burns was a child. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's like a sailor's hat. Yeah, like I feel in my head, whenever I think of you, the default outfit you're wearing, an outfit I've never seen you wear, but it's a ski, 80s ski suit was a thick white turtleneck underneath. Oh, wow. That would be cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No. That's you. The other thing is I was dressed like a normal, like. I'm picturing a small sailor outfit. Like a normal, I was dressed like a, I was dressed like a normal eight year old wearing like shorts and Tiva sandals and like a kind of shirt that you can see my little child gut through. Yeah, sure. Right? Like I was dressed like a normal eight year old. I was just like, I really, I really don't want to play a sport where there's a chance I'll be touched unexpectedly. Oh, we've got orgy in games this week. Oh, I hate the thicker things sports. If you did bring your clothes, they make you run around the pitch in them. They make you get naked out of lost property. They make you use the school dildo. Oh my God. You have to go to the nurse's office and get. Oh, this strap on fucking ancient. It doesn't even fit. Please stop. You shouldn't have left yours at home, should you? Please stop. Can't go in. None of this kid fucking nonsense. I was imagining in sixth form. You are imagining something illegal. They're over 16. Yeah. So yeah, I found it baffling that like other, other children my age couldn't understand what I was on about. What were you on about? Honestly, I was shocked. And how things have changed. Yeah. I was, I was shocked when the autism test came up negative recently. I was like, wow. I was like, I managed to be all of that and not even autistic. That's incredible. That's just a personality trait at that point. How close did you get? I got like 38 or something. It's not. On the 80 question one, the big boy. Well, it's like out of whatever, 200 and something, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah. 45 is the cutoff, right? No, 65. Around 60. 60. They start looking at you funny around 60. Yeah. And, um, but yeah. What are you guys? The lowest I could get was 125 without lying. I did it so long ago. I don't remember. Yeah. But yeah. I was six. I walked into the like kid psychiatrist. Yeah. They got you early. Oh yeah. Yeah. We got a live one. He doesn't, he said the phrase in the thick of things. He's in there. He said, he said he doesn't want to participate in, in, in soccer, which we call it here because he says he doesn't like thick of things sports, which isn't put him in this. It's a yes. Put him in free range school. It's a yes. Let him roam. Yeah. Yeah. Let the boy roam. Call Johnny Gordley. Call Johnny Gordley. Call the devil. Apparently. Apparently I came home from. To get that, you will also have to. Listen to. I came home from play group when I was like two or something. And I said to my mother, well, the trouble is with the other children there. You can't even have a conversation with them. 38. Really? Yeah. Gosh. And I was just, I was, I was very confident around adults as a child. I was like very vocational. Yeah. You know what that is? Is you're not an only child, but you were raised as one basically. Because by the time you were like born, your brothers and sisters were like gone. Well, no, because I grew up with my sister, but she's quite a lot older. I mean, she was, she was like 14 when I was born. So yeah. You're an only child. By the time your brain starts logging stuff, she's at uni. You were an only child to older parents. So of course it's like all the examples that you have around you. Like this is like me. I'm an only child who grew up in a town of people who are sort of half corpse. Right. The only example I had of how to act was people at like fucking cocktail party. Yeah. Walking in and going, do you know the music of the big bopper? Yeah. Hey mama. Which is also a reference to. The only mission from Nixon. The only, the only example I had was the Nixon tapes, which I of course like listen to every day. Which is why that was so inaudible. I didn't even want to be the main character of the Nixon tapes. Rebranding the Watergate tapes as Richard Nixon's educational tapes. For kids. Where, where are we at on the letters of the alphabet, Henry? Where do we stand on? Where does A stand? Mr. Mr. President, we, we have intel. It's, it's come in from state. B is for ball. What does, what does J stand for? The tape abruptly cuts off. F. That gets cut. Wait, what'd you say? Sorry, if, if it's getting cut, I need to. Oh, just Nixon making slurs. Nixon, Nixon would be no good in the Palace of Fear. Like, oh, Henry, take that out of the tape. And then, no one, no one can know that I think that about. Natural wine. Just tastes awful. It's like they poured a perfectly good Pinot over a horse's ass. Yeah. Yeah, that is. I like natural wine. Oh, yeah. What's your favorite natural wine? I like some natural. Natural wine tastes to me like, like expensive cider. Yeah, I agree with that. It's got that same like tartness. You want to just drink cider? Well, I mean, yeah. For me, they're interchangeable. I'm not fuzzy. Yeah. It's like, yeah, natural wine is like juicy drink time. Yeah. It doesn't register as a wine. It registers as a type of cider. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You like some natural wine. Yeah, I've had a couple where I thought, oh, that's nice. Yeah. I mean, I still, you know, I'm not prioritizing it. You're not really prioritizing the wine parts of your life anyway. Not compared to you. No. No. No. Heavens no. You're a beer boy, aren't you? I'm quite a wine boy. Yeah. Are you? Yeah, but I don't like, I don't drink very much in general. Less than once a week. Yeah. Probably. I'm drinking less and less. And so what's happening is that my wine, no, the amount of wine that there is, is just growing because it's not getting drained. I hear you. So now there's just, it's, it's like a boil that you need to launch. I've run out of space in like the racks. Well, let's have a wine drinking party. Should we do a wine podcast? A drinking party? Let's do a wine tasting glue factory. Yeah. We can do that for, we're having a Christmas episode. Should we do a Christmas one? Not good for the misophoniacs. Oh yeah. Drinking port. You can drink it or whatever it is off mic. Yeah. I guess you can lean away. You can have some straws. I wouldn't, I wouldn't want to bring good wine to drink through a straw. I guess technically it would be fine, but what if it takes on the taste of the plastic? It would need to be like an inert straw. If it's taken on the taste of the plastic, you've got bigger problems. You've got like cancer problems. That's got to be a really low grade plastic. Like the kind of plastic that's been like in a pit in Chernobyl for 20 years. Yeah. I've got this special wine tasting straw made out of the elephant's foot from Chernobyl. There you go. Yeah. I'm more of a beer boy than you are though. Cause you don't drink beer at all. I barely drink. You know, I, I, I not, I, if there's beer that's, and it's like the thing, if we're like at a pub and I'd be like, well, the wine they have is clearly really there as a sort of gesture, you know, and it will just be unpleasant. Cause I'm, I'm just, I think I now know enough about wine that if I have a bad wine, I'm like, I don't care for that. I have a mate who's like the, the boozy legend type of guy. We all, we all know this type of guy. Can you, can you tell us your name and then beep it out? Yeah. It's, it's my mate. And he's like proper that he's like, he's like the guy who, when you're at uni is like making you down your pint or whatever. But hilariously, he managed to live that lifestyle at that time, but he only ever drank cider because he doesn't like beer and he got away with this despite being the, it was, it was like kind of, um, I don't know. It was, it's like Hitler being a vegetarian or something. It just, it just, it doesn't, it doesn't make sense. It's a lot like Hitler being a vegetarian in many ways. Only drinking cider. You've got to stop saying his name. It's just giving more work for the editor to do. But yeah, but it's like, that's the best strategy to draw attention to someone else apart from you, right? Like you drink and then no one's. And then you're, no one's noticing that he's having a cider through a crazy straw. All my strong bird, dark fruits. Do as I say, not as I drink. I'll tell you what I, what I, if I, if beer's the thing to have, and it's not a place where it's like, oh, this is like an interesting ad campaign from the seventies. Beer's the thing to have. From the thirties. Yeah. Why? It's the, it's the Smile Brothers Comedy Hour sponsored by beer. Yeah. The thing to have. Do you want a slender figure? You want a slender figure? Try Anheuser-Busch Slimming Brew. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And a glass. Yeah. And then it would be, it would be the sort of black and white, like sort of bulbous vase, like a bell beaker. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then it would, and then it would just fade into a champagne glass. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You'd be like, wow, Muriel, you've really dropped the pounds. Watney's Party 7 proved to aid recovery from polio. And birth. It was giving like post-birth mother's Guinness and stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was a real thing. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Recovery from giving birth. Have some Guinness. Because it. Iron. It was thought to have, doesn't it actually, it's that nutritional content is exactly the same as any other beer, presumably. It's got minerals in it. What the fuck is the word that they use? Because I remember when I did my marathon, they were handing us non-alcoholic beers because they were. Oh, was it Erdinger Alcohol Fry? No, it was like you're saying. Isotonic? Isotonic. Isotonic. Isotonic. That's what they kept saying. So is a post-birth Guinness isotonic? Like in a hospital ward, just a nurse going around with a ladle full of Watney's Party 7. Yeah, yeah. Just drink up. Walking through the ward pointing at all the prone people in the beds. Pint, pint, pint. Massive tray. No, I'm good with my cigarettes. Back from the bar. When the nurse asks you, can you roll? You can have one, but I can't roll it for you. I'm rushed off my feet with these pints. Go up the order. It's like, yeah, I'll have 14 pints for Ward B and one Sauvignon Blanc. And a gin and tonic. And a gin and tonic. Yeah, yeah. For the baby. Someone's wife's visiting. Yeah, yeah. No, and like it was going to be an espresso martini. So let's thank God it's a gin and tonic. Someone's asked for a coffee. I know. I know. You know what? If beer's the thing to have. If everyone's copying that famous 1930s advertising campaign where the nurse is handing out ladlefuls of Watney's Party 7. If beer's the thing to have, I will tend to have a Shandy or a Rattler. Really? Yeah. Because I don't want... A Shandy or a Shandy. A Shandy or a... Wait, Rattler's a... Rattler is a Shandy. It's a make of cider. No, it's a half lemonade, half beer. Yeah, half lemonade, half beer. But I just... That's a Shandy though. Yeah, it's a Shandy. But in German it's called a Radler. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. There's a bar I really like in Berlin where they actually make the lemonade, right there. Oh, that's fun. Yeah. That's actually quite fun. Yeah, yeah. Milo, I've taken him there. He hates it. Why won't you take me to Berlin? Wait, what? Let's go. Take me to Berlin. Okay. When do you want to go? We're going to take me to Berlin. Berlin bar. He didn't like it because it had some annoying advertising on it, which to be fair, he was right. The branding of Bar Keith and Schiller Keith's is annoying, but their Rattler is really good. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't dislike the Rattler. I disliked the vibe of the place and the people who work there. What was the vibe? The vibe was like, oh, we take cash or crypto because we don't trust the banks. And it's like, okay, all right. Very Berlin annoying, but a good bar to hang out in. Yeah. I don't want to say, should you as a German be doing I don't trust the bank stuff? Come on, guys. To be fair. Most Germans prefer cash over card. Yeah, that is true. So obsessively anti-card. Why is the only reason they have the 500 euro note? It's because the Germans insisted on it. And they're now like the official currency of organized crime. Because criminals are like, this is so convenient for smuggling money between jurisdictions. And the Germans are like, no, I work at the factories that makes the precision parts to make the machines that make other precision parts. And I want to buy my new Mercedes in cash. Yeah. It is my right as a fried man of the land. It's my right as a member of this core of other fried men. I pay every one of my taxes to the Pfennig. My love of cash is purely aesthetic. A little ramp. Yeah. I like a shandy because I don't like to be sort of full of a very heavy liquid. Also, if I'm drinking beer, I tend to drink for quantity, which means I'm just sort of, I'm consuming a sort of set amount. And if I can have the amount of beer that I'm having, that's great. That's like just a net positive. You'd love a White Claw. That shit's mostly soda water. That's true. I probably would. But it's the same percentage as beer. Yeah. And it's smaller. So if you drink as I do, which is regular sips of an amount of liquid, unless it's wine, then cocktails are always out. Well, can I throw this out to you? This is my life hack. I recommend it to everybody. If you're on the dance floor and you're sweaty and you're really going for it, the drink to have is a pint glass of soda water. Pint glass of soda water, squeeze of lime, shot of vodka. Yeah, vodka. You've invented like the drink. Vodka soda, but it's three times the amount of soda. Yeah, the skinny blue. So it's like also hydrating. So because you're thirsty and you want water, but you also want to get buzz. Party time. Yeah. I really recommend it. In the summer, that's what I drink. That's funny, like a bunch of guys off the building site, but they are watching their way. I'm sinking pints and pints of soda water, lime and one shot of vodka. Well, you know, when Kylie comes on and you're up on the dance. What percent do you think that would be like compared to beer being a four? Like a session, like a session beer, surely. Like a three. It's like a white claw probably has like one shot in it. And that's one unit, right? Yeah, I think so. There's a shot one unit. And I feel like a pint is two units. Pine is like 2.2. Yeah, so probably it's like a one unit pint. It's like half. Probably a low. A low alcohol beer. Yeah, you're doing like Utah pints. Yeah. Well, the thing is, on our America Road Trip, we kept drinking Miller Lights and I was like, why don't I feel anything? And it turns out that they have no alcohol in them, basically. You're drinking a beer for children. You were drinking like a middle ages small beer, basically. The beer that was designed to sap the will to masturbate by some crazy American Protestant. Kellogg's no wank beer. I'm kidding. The way it's stopping is because you're holding it so you can't jerk off. Imagine, though, that this low alcohol light beer is designed by the Quaker minister who wanted to prevent masturbation. He sees the commercials for them in the 1990s. He combusts. Yeah. He'd be like, I can't believe. Girls Gone Wild stuff. Yeah, I can't believe that, you know. Two things that man never wanted to do come and bust. But here he is doing both at the same time. He didn't want to consign his soul to the devil, you know. And now it's 2002. Jessica Simpson's holding a big inflatable. We don't do beer commercials like that anymore. They're about mental health now. We never did in the UK. Holding a big inflatable beer. It was like a Dutch man interrupting the marriage of a chimp. That was the sort of thing we had. Wait, what? Yeah. The Reverend Kellogg or Graham would then die. Okay, go on. Yeah. Beer ads in the UK were never like sexy ladies. It was like, you know, there was like a, there was like the Grosz It's Not Ready campaign. That's one of the most memorable ones where it'd be like, a man is about to marry a bride and they lift the veil. And he's not lifted the veil yet. And then a Dutch man goes, gets up and goes, stop, this bride is not ready. And then they lift the veil and the bride is a chimp. And it's implying that the bride has to like evolve. It needs like sort of several million years. Like the bride is like an Australopithecus afarensis or something. Or like a Homo hallowed. They did this ad many times. The bride is Lucy. Lucy. Mitochondrial E. The subject was only a woman once. It was just always a thing that was like comically before it was ready. Like whatever it was. Like it's red. It's not ready. And it's just like a bag of flour. I don't know. That wasn't one of them. Okay, so the original pitch for that ad was a little girl and they were like, this is fucked up. Dutch audiences didn't understand what the problem was. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. What else did we have? I feel like there was, was Johnny Vegas in a Boddington's ad? So it doesn't make the best thing in the world. Ah, Carlsberg doesn't do. Yeah, whatever. Stag do's. Whatever. Yeah. Carlsberg doesn't do Stag do's. Carlsberg doesn't do X, but if they did do X, they'd probably be the best in the world. Tagline, Carlsberg probably the best beer in the world. It would be like the footage of like the best Stag do you've ever seen. But then it'd be like, sadly, Carlsberg doesn't do Stag do's. I think we had those in Canada. Yeah, they were big. They were big. In Russia, we distinctly remember one beer ad, which was like, obviously the images of just like fields of wheat, fields of wheat, fields of wheat. Stock images of fields of wheat. And this is not funny at all, but it's forever in my mind. The tagline was, the person who's rich isn't the one who's greedy. The person who's rich is the one that's generous. Yeah. It's a very Soviet style. And it was like, there we go. I don't know. This is just, I mean. Drink Baltica. Yeah. As long as we're exchanging beer. Drink Baltica and then just a picture of Yeltsin. He's drinking vodka. He's recommending people to like share their beer with each other. Yeah, I guess so. Yeah, have a pint with someone. It's like the Russian style of beer ad really prefigured what Western beer ads would become. Yeah. Which is like. Well, European beer ads generally were always going to be obtuse. And the American ones were always just going to be. Just like spring break. Here's a question. The craziest ads were the WKD ones. What were the Stella ads like in Britain? There weren't any. There weren't any. Because we had Stella ads. What were those? Yeah. So it was emphasized that Stella is a luxury import beer that's a super premium brand. That makes sense. Yeah, I can. Yeah. So it was, and they never called it Stella. It was always Stella Atois. And they really hit the French. Stella Atois. And so. Yeah. What's the Quebecois pronouncing it? We got the Stella ads with whatever the footballer's name is. Chalice. Oh. He's in the Chalice. Was it Cantona? Yeah. Was he? Yeah. I mean Cantona was quite a violent footballer. So in a way. Perfect. We had, again, it was sort of a bucolic sort of Belgian scene. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it would be like the barrel would sort of, you know, break or fall off the wagon that was bringing it to the pub. And then the barrel could be like lifted by a child because it was like Stella Atois, tastefully light and stuff like that. Look at him, strong enough to do violence already. That's a good Stella drinker. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And it emphasized how European it was. Yes, yeah, yeah. And how fine it was. And so to this day, I believe, maybe not now, but for like the 2000s before Canada really figured out like, oh, like you can have nice stuff can be good, right? Stella Atois was going to be on the like premium import beer section of a menu. Peroni has that as well, where in Italy, it's what you drink if you're like a builder on your lunch break. And here, to be fair. Yeah, but they try, they've tried. For the first few years, Peroni was very much, oh, we go to an Italian restaurant and have a Peroni. Yeah. There's the campaign of sort of, who would, who did, what was the ad campaign of the Italian beer where you like lower the basket, then it's full of beers, and then you slowly pull it up again. And all your neighbors have like thrown in a kind of Italian deli selection. That was great. Yeah. That's a good party. I'd love to have you just lowered beer. The thing that's only enjoyed was charcuterie. You lower down some Peronis and you pull up what is only like a threatening note. I'll fucking kill you. Never make us drink this again. Yeah. You looking at my fucking wife? What was the WKD at? Oh, they were all like people doing like heinous pranks on each other. And then it would go like, have you got a wicked side? Yeah. The also prank is making someone drink there. We have a, we have a big bottle of WKD upstairs that has gone clear because we left it in the light for so long. Yeah. What color was it? It was blue. A blue one? The traditional flavor of WKD. Yes, it is. Yeah. And so we just, we bought it once and then just- I think we were given it. I can't remember how we acquired it. UV rays have decayed the blue dark. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And now it's, we accidentally made Pepsi Crystal, but for WKD by aging it in the sun. So gross. There you go. That's Christmas episode of Glue Factory. That's all taste testing. I could pass the WKD to the left. I mean, I could. I could. I'd be, I'd be happy to like, you know, to bring a wine we could enjoy on the Christmas episode of Glue Factory. I've already purchased it. We could make a cheeky Vimto with it. Fuck you. No. Look, I just bought- That's actually important, WKD. I just bought four new wines that we can't, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna bring any of those. How do you feel about- If you wanna make a cheeky Vimto out of them. The Spanish tradition of mixing red wine with Coca-Cola. If it's not good red wine, sure. So much wine that is now made and sold is so much more of an industrial product than an agricultural one. If you have a wine that's an industrial product, go nuts. Mix it with Coca-Cola. Who cares? Yeah. You know what I mean? It's like, it's, it's like a Casiero del Diablo, for example. If they're gonna have like an oak flavor that's imparted, it's not because that grape juice ever sees an oak barrel. But it's made of the devil himself. It's made of the devil's castle. Would you make, would you make the devil's wine into this concoction? Uh, yeah, I guess so. I'd make the devil's wine. Probably pretty good. They just, do they add an oak, they can't, they chuck a piece of oak into the industrial back. That's what they do, yes. That's what they do. Is that how they do it? A big teabag. So basically, this isn't funny, it's just, once I've thought about it, I have to now say the rest of what I'm gonna say. Yeah, that's fine. Which is basically, the difference between wine that's an industrial product and wine that's an agricultural product, is that wine that's an industrial product has to be identical around the world. All the time, throughout, every year, no matter what the weather's doing, no matter what grapes, always identical. That bottle of like, I don't know, like, angel, like, Oxford Landing, whatever, has to always taste the same around the world every year. Yeah. It has to taste the same in 2016 as it does in 2024. It has to taste the same everywhere. And so what you do, you end up buying... And that's why the wine burglar's always trying to steal it, because it's so delicious. Yeah. Yeah. And you've got the wine clown who sells the Oxford Landing. Of course. And then the mayor of Oxford Landing. Yeah. We're not just, by the way, talking over and ignoring Olga for the rest of the episode. She's had to leave. She's gone. She's gone to buy some wine. Yeah. Let's talk of wine. A little flavor and barrel of red wine. Yeah. She's left in protest at the slander of Cassiero del Diablo. So if you're making Cassiero del Diablo, you have to make like, so much of it to fill every off-license in all of Britain. Yeah. But also, like, oak barrels are super expensive. Yes. And it's small scale, and they have to be stored, and it's tedious. And so you just have a big dump truck full of oak chips that you sort of tip into a gigantic vat of proto-wine. My girlfriend and I once busted her teenage brother for having had a go-around, because he had a half-drunk bottle of Cassiero del Diablo in his bedroom and two glasses. And then we were like, well, you've clearly had it. And he was like, no, doing the teenage war, like, no. And then it's like, you're too young to understand that the only scenario in which a boy your age would have a half-drunk bottle of Cassiero del Diablo is in a sort of half-baked attempt to impress a woman. There's no... Yeah. Or like such a kind of weirdly out-of-hand, at this point, alcoholism. Well, the two glasses to cover it up. Yeah. Because it's like, because you feel bad about refilling the same glass. But also like, you're onto the level of drinking as a teenager where you're onto wine. Yeah. You're in a dinner for one type situation. Your alcoholism has progressed to the point that you're consistently forgetting that you've already given yourself a glass. Yeah. And you had to go get another one. But also, you're so hardcore that you've already developed a taste for wine, even though you're fucking 15. You've sort of left sort of Alka Pops clearly marketed to you behind. Yeah. They're too sweet for you now. Yeah. You're too used to it. Yeah. I'm off my Sambuca and... Lemonade. Lemonade. Ugh. Drink. I'm off my Southern Comfort and Lime. Soco. Yeah. I can't remember if I've talked about it on the show before. That was my first ever drink in a bar. I was 15 years old, and I'd ruined French immersion camp with Niptock. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. When I used Niptock to ruin French immersion camp, one of the things we did, they sent us to Montreal, and they were like... And Quebec, the drinking age is 18, and Ontario is 19. You could have been like the Quebec version of Otto Warmbier, you know? Like, summarily executed in Quebec for bringing in the English language version of Niptock on DVD. For smuggling in Niptock? Yeah. And is that how you ruined it? You brought an English language DVD in? I guess I talked about this in Glue Factory, not in Balthazar. I smuggled... It was French immersion camp, and I smuggled in a DVD box set that I bought at the airport on the way to French immersion camp of seasons one and two of Niptock. My role at French immersion camp is I'm kind of like a rebellious wine mom. Yeah. It's the only... I've always been a very... I was always pretty well behaved. It's the only time I've ever been considered like the trouble was that one French immersion camp that I ruined with Niptock. But how did you ruin it? By constantly conducting showing? So in English language... Yeah, yeah, yeah. They wanted us to watch like produced in Quebec for Quebec audience like TV comedies. Like Les Bougans, for example. Oh, okay. They said it's like the live action Quebecois version of The Simpsons. The live action Quebecois version of The Simpsons. So not at all like The Simpsons, really. Just say it's like Married with Children or something. Pick something that is live action. Marge. Marge. Je travaille  la plomb de maple syrup. Les Bougans. C'est aussi c'est la vie. Is a Quebec sitcom broadcast. I'm teaching the children long words. Radio Canada. From 2004 to 2006. The show won three Gemma in 2004. Good. The Prix Gemma is an honor of Canadian television and digital media that is broadcast only in French. It's the French language equivalent to the Gemini Awards, which are the Canadian Emmys. Oh my God. How many? How many layers of understanding do I have to have? Oh no, it's not a Canadian Emmy. It's a French Canadian Emmy. No, it's a French. It's a French. It's not a Canadian Emmy. It's a French Gemini, which is itself the Canadian Emmy. Yes. For audio. Right. Okay. No, for audio. It's a, it's a, it's a, it was a sitcom. And the fall, the show follows the antics of the Bougon family who have sworn to do anything they can to cheat the system. They plan schemes to scam money out of normal systems and businesses. They're usually easily accomplished thanks to their many accomplices who are just as crooked as they are. This feels like some score settling going on. So it's about a bunch of Quebecois criminals. It's about a bunch of Quebecois small time criminals. Right. Cornish on gas. And they win. Is that anything? Well, so the. That's how you can tell it's still not a, it's, it's not British is that these guys are winning. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Steptoe and son didn't make money. No. There was a whole point that they were crushed by the immovable misery of their context. Yeah. You're not going to make it. Like all British comedies. Yeah. Making it big as a rag and bone man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. What I always think is really. Basil Fawlty never defeats the guests ultimately. He never starts running the hotel well. That'll be funny. The, the end, the end of Fawlty Towers is just Basil Fawlty has eventually worked out how to run a hotel. He's figured that he's done it now. And the show then just becomes boring. No more comedy. Yeah. Yeah. It's fine. And actually I fired that Spanish guy. He was actually really bad at his job. He was very bad and I quite easily found a replacement. Yeah. Yeah. I fired a Polish guy. His English is actually pretty good and he's a hard worker. Yeah. Yeah. The only conclusion of Fawlty Towers is that he just develops a prejudice against the Spanish and their work ethic. Yeah. And locals. That's his art. But we can't hire Brits because Brits don't want to work. Yeah. The message is subversive said creator Francois Avard in an interview. We show poor people winning for the first time and with power. At the beginning I hope people watching the show would go out and steal the stores and screw the system and cause chaos and then rebuild the system. I feel like maybe if they Bush put subtitles on Les Bougans I might have enjoyed it but they didn't. And I don't speak French which is why I was at French immersion camp I suppose. But you must have had enough French to make it worth going. Well no because then you would you would the whole point I think French immersion is that at some point there's just so much French around. It was this French immersion camp. I was away from home. No no I know but like there's no point in putting me in Korean immersion camp now because I don't even have like hello. Yeah. So you must have had a bit. Yeah. They fit you in squid game. Yeah. And I just go well this is you I'm not. You get killed immediately. I could be surrounded by as much Korean as you like. None of it's going in. The funnier thing would be if they put you in squid game and then the fact that you had no idea what was going on is the only thing that kept your life being safe. Yeah. Right. And the sort of you know red light green light thing in the beginning you wouldn't have known to go and then stop so you never would have gone in the first place and you would then win by default. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mr. Magoo situation. Anyway what I was saying was the first drink I ever had in a bar. Oh yeah. It was in Montreal because I was like they don't give a shit. They're not. I'm clearly like 15 years old and they're gonna be like oh what the what can I get you little child. Yeah. Age is an Anglo concept. Yes. Yeah. That is French. Yeah. And so and I remember feeling like I was going to shit out every internal organ with nervousness asking in a sort of breaking teen voice. And then you had a Southern Comfort. I'll have a Southern Comfort and lime please. And they made it for me and then I sat with it in front of me like I'd sort of just been given some kind of an artifact like a valuable artifact like this is this is a this is an adult. I've ordered a drink at a bar. Yeah. I've done it. My God. It's finally happened. I've ordered. This must be what winners feel like. This must be what the Bougon family feel like when they scam some money from some sort of. I only learned. I only learned that element of the premise of Les Bougons right now. All that all that I saw. You didn't realize you've been missing out this whole time on some sort of anarcho syndicalist fucking Quebecois sitcom. Yeah. Well more fool you. I want Nip Tuck the capitalist fantasy versus this anarchist Quebecois sitcom. I can't believe that I was. Yeah. Les Bougons is about being happy with who you are as opposed to Nip Tuck which is about becoming something you're not. No. Number one. Nip Tuck is about how Dr. Christian Troy is awesome. Dr. Christian Troy. What a name. God. What a name. Well again this is not an American name. This is like an American sort of. Made up name. Prime time drama in the early 2000s name. Yeah. Christian Troy. Perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What was your first drink in a bar? Was it in the Isle of Man or was it in South Africa? Probably the Isle of Man. Just a pint. Pint. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A local pint. In Canada you wouldn't be like I'll have a pint. But all the other thing is or in Ontario at least no such thing as a pub where you can go to the bar to order. It's all table service. Oh that is Euro. Oh yeah. That's odd. Yeah. It's really odd. But it's pubs but it's pubs with table service. It's like when you see Dutch people in a pub in London getting angry because no one's coming to take their order. I've seen that a few times. And they don't even have the milk or cheese on the table. No way to scrape off my wooden shoes. No one of my favorite things that ever happened to me in a Dutch pub. A bunch of my friends. What a narrow genre of anecdote that is. The funniest thing that ever happened to me in a Dutch pub. Well favorite. Yeah. Yeah. Different categories. Of all the things that happened to me in a Dutch pub. Yeah. This is my favorite one. Dutch pub sounds like an urban dictionary phrase. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Where you go to drink piss or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Gave her the old Dutch pub. Yeah. Yeah. Well. No explanation needed. You know how I like several of my close friends all went to go work in The Hague at the same time. Sure. Yeah. That's one way of describing being in the dock. But yeah. Sure. So you mean their work took them to The Hague is the way you phrase that. No. No. No. Your Honor. I didn't know what was going on in that cobalt mine. I know I was one of the investors but you know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a big project. All your Serbian friends. Yeah. Their work took them there for a while. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One of them tragically succumbed to mental health. Yeah. When I was at LSE he was Slobodan Paralyak. Yeah. When I found out that the guy who drank the poison in The Hague was actually Croatian. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was like Hitler being Austrian. You know. It's one of those things that people just forget. It's like he's somehow the most Serbian guy of all time but he is actually Croatian. Yeah. So I was visiting them and you go and you sit in a pub and at one point oh this happens in most Dutch pubs. This happened in this particular Dutch pub. A guy came in sort of pushing a cooler on a cart and then several of these sort of old Dutch people in the pub started chanting ballin ballin ballin. Okay. Which refers to the fact that he was selling some kind of a smoked fish sandwich. Oh ballin. Yeah. Ballin. Yeah. Yeah. They were very excited about the prospect of sort of this guy wheeling in a cart of sort of of these sort of what is ballin was a smoked eel smoked fish. It'll be herring one. Yeah. Herring. It could be eel. Yeah. I think it was herring. That's where the adjective ballin actually comes from. Yeah. Yeah. So it was like they were just cheering. Yeah. Herring. Woo. Yeah. That's very Dutch. Cheering for herring in a pub. Cheering for fish sandwiches. Oh I hope they've got mayonnaise for the herring. Yeah. Or just pickled herring. Roll them up. Yeah. Oh I love pickled herring to be fair. Well then you must have felt very at home in all these Dutch pubs. Dutch pubs have been frequenting. They call the urinals. The Dutch react to a cart full of herring sandwiches the way a British pub reacts to like a naked man crowd surfing after England have scored a late equalizer. Yeah. That's the same level of excitement. Who prompted that guy to take off his clothes? I think prompt is a strong word. He was probably quite far down the route to being naked. But why? Why did he look so much like Keith Cheggwin? That's another question that I have. But what is it that made him do it? Like what was he like if I'm showing shot I'm going to take my shirt off? At what point other than just I want to be naked with these other men. There's a type of person who's that person who grew up who growing up was the person who got naked at parties and things. That's a type of guy. Yeah. I think it's just another example of that type of guy. Yeah. Because I think people people like to take. Britain is such an odd place. You get it in the States as well. Really? The guy who gets naked at parties anyway. Not the football or the pub one. Surely it's got to be a fetish, right? The naked football hooligan is so profoundly unerotic in the way that it's done. Maybe he's just trying to reconnect with like ancient Greece. But it's like the way that the Hells Angels would tongue kiss each other really violently to try and freak out the straights and the squares. But straights and the 50 cents. Yeah, yeah. It's not a non-gay. Like anything to make it clear that you're mental and crazy and different. Yeah, yeah. And it's funny. It's a joke. Ha ha. Isn't that mental? What a crazy guy. It's like Ozzy Osbourne dipping his cock into a record executive's glass of wine at dinner. It's like this kind of just like anarchic. Well, it's a bit like a sort of power thing, I guess. It's a craziness power thing, yeah. The madman strategy. Yeah. You know, I'm going to, if I get naked at the summit, then they'll think I'll launch the missile. They're going to give me free pints for life if I crowd surf. Nixon being naked crowd surfed at the Paris talks. Someone please Photoshop Nixon's face, Nixon's head onto this naked man. Yeah. What was it? I can't believe Jude Bellingham scored that goal. It was a proper screamer. Yeah. I'm going to address the crowd at the Altamont Festival. Altamont? It's where the Hells Angels were fighting security at the rock concert. If everything goes wrong, I have the secret weapon. I have little Richard. Nixon and Kissinger aggressively tongue kissing each other to freak out Holden. But no, but Nixon and Kissinger aggressively tongue kissing each other to freak out the Soviets who are tongue kissing each other in the Soviet fraternal kiss. Yeah. That'd be pretty funny. It's the American fraternal kiss. It's like the Soviet one. He's doing a tongue kiss, but it's not very sensual. It's quite alarming. It's very violent. Don't like it. You do not, Americans, you do not do foreplay. I wouldn't, yeah, I wouldn't have been up for the fraternal tongue kiss, I have to say. Well, if you were a Soviet, I mean, surely, surely if you're like, well, this is sort of my, I'm going to have to, I'm showing I'm on board with things. I better do the sort of fraternal kiss. I'm pretty communist. I'm just, I'm just not gay. I'm just not gay. They wouldn't have tolerated that kind of talk. You'd be pretty dead. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You must kiss. Yeah. Barrier didn't kiss. That's the thing. Barrier didn't kiss. That's why they got him. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Lavrenti Barrier lived by kind of pretty woman rules. Yeah. I'll murder you. Do whatever you want, but no kissing. I'll murder your whole family, but no kissing. No kissing. Yeah, that's gross. Lavrenti Barrier lived his life in fear of only one thing, and it was cooties. Who loves kiss. Yeah. What if I fall in love? Yeah. I can't kill their family. I'm trying to build political career. I cannot be falling in love. I can't get emotionally involved with anyone who I might have to murder, and their whole family and village. Do I think of Khrushchev often? Yes. Yeah, yeah. Barrier would only have rough sex with the other members of the common turn. Yeah. Or just sort of pee stuff. Foot stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The presidium. All there. My seat at the presidium is under the table, so I can be near all the feet. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Are you a top or a bottom? I'm more of an apparatchik. Yeah. Yeah, I'm more of a... The Kremlinologists can't really figure out if I'm a top or a bottom. That would have been a very funny thing, because it would have been a very funny thing to do as a senior Communist Party official in like 1959, is start acting in a way that you know Kremlinologists are going to notice, but that's not connected to anything. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just sort of be like, so every Tuesday he has his tea on his left side, but this time he's doing it on his right. What does that mean? He only high fives the Minister for Agriculture. He shakes everyone else's hand. Just things like that. Yeah, you could drive so many guys at George Washington University schizophrenic. You can give people schizophrenia. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just by being weird enough. Because that's the thing. They are thinking that their TV is sending them messages, and it's from you, and you can decide... And you are doing that. You're doing it. That's designed to make them have... Why does he dap up the Uzbeks and then wink at the Tajiks? He daps up the Uzbeks, winks at the Tajiks, and blanks the Chechen. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Until this month, when all those things were reversed. Yeah. But what happened? Do you see Beria's plan for post-war Germany? It was... Was that just dropped? It was the funniest plan. Was it just... Was it just murder everyone? No, it was the Beria plan for post-war Germany was kind of ingenious, which was like, okay, obviously the Germans can't be allowed to state. Number one, we have... Everybody in 1945 is like, okay, clearly these guys can't all get together. They've been trying to make a single unified German state for 500 years, and it has caused increasingly bloody and destructive wars in Europe. Sure. The fact that it's hard to govern all of Germany at once. Yeah. We just have to accept that fact. And Beria went one step further. He was like, all right, here's what we're going to do. We are going to play a game of ethnic musical chairs, and we are going to subdivide Germany up by all of the different ethnic groups in the Soviet Union. And so, like, the Chechen SSR, or the Chechen Autonomous Republic, is going to govern Chechnya as well as Dusseldorf, basically. Okay, so... There's different parts of Germany under the... We could have had German guys with, like, square beards and, like, big wallets. So there's, like, Buriat Saxony. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. Right, right, right, right. Or it would be like, all right, we're going to put, like, yeah, we're going to put Brandenburg under, like, the government of Yakutsk, essentially. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Which is really... And then it's like... And then, like, all Germans are going to be relocated in, like, equal proportion to all of those republics. So we're going to switch a bunch of people from, like, Dusseldorf and, like, cross me. Oh, no. They did love a bit of that. Yeah. Ethnic cleansing. Well, it's kind of like ethnic Rubik's Cube, a lot of it, where it's like, kind of... It's like Stalin just loved just, like, moving people around. Like, he did also kill a lot of people, but he also loved just, like... Well, sometimes he moved them around to Siberia to camp. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, it's just sort of moving them. But also, like, it's like... You all live in Kazakhstan now. It's like why you live in the snow for the next two days. And then, of course, you'll be dead. It's like why you have... You have a Russian comedian friend who's, like, Kazakh, and he is Kazakh, but it's like, he and all of his family are Russian. Yeah, well, he's like Kazakh bracket citizenship, but he actually comes from some, like, old white Russian family. White Russian in the capital W, capital R sense. And they were just like, all right, well, you can stay alive, but you will have to do so in Almaty. Yeah. Yeah. Governmentally Kazakh. So, yeah, that was the barrier plan for what to do about Germany. He's Borat. He's a Russian Kazakh. We're going to split it all up between, like... No, the Tatars are going to get a bunch of it. Oh, my God. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And then it would have been, there would have been so many more places in Russia. Like, what's that? Willendorf Castle. Where the fuck does Stagall live in Moscow? There's a neighborhood of Moscow named after it. It's called something castle. It's a German name. I don't know. So, look, thank you. Thank you to the listener. Thank you for listening to this. This has been a Balthazar Speedboat, but it is featured, the cast of Glue Factory. Yeah. So, yeah, do check that out where it's this every week. And normally, before an episode of Glue Factory, we haven't recorded an episode of Glue Factory already. So, the riffs are really zipping. Yes, that's true. They were zipping. We were zipping in this one. Yeah, we were zipping. We were zipping and sliding. Yeah. I'm just now personally tired. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, thank you for listening. Goodbye. Goodbye. Bye.