 Hello everybody, welcome to your bonus TF. It is November, Milo and Riley, and we are being joined in one of these weeks where it seems as though decades may be happening, but it's tough to say which decade. We are joined by friend of the pod, returning champion, the Canadian Stallion. It is Luke Savage. Luke, how's it going? It's great. The Canadian Stallion. I'm going to have to put that on my business card. It's good to be back. Before we turn on the mics, I was reflecting on five years ago, I think was the last time we recorded together. And yeah, the world was a better place in November of 2019 or whenever that was. It really didn't seem like it was, but like, you know, at the time, but you know, time makes fools of us all. But thank you for joining us. We're going to figure out exactly which decade it is. It could be, and if it could be like, you know, the 11th century, but specifically in like Mesoamerica, it could be 15th century Venice, you name it. I hate it when it's 1060. I've only got six years of Harold Godwinson left. Why is the world so cruel? No, no, no. Then I'm afraid it's the Norman, although apparently the local Lord who extracts so many grains, so much grain from the peasants. The local Lord was recently taken out by a perfect longbow shot. And now everyone's arguing, was he a mercenary in the city of York? Was he a mercenary outside Hilton's Inn? Was he a mercenary or was he just a disgruntled like follower of what? They found some words written on the arrow shafts that were in his back that kind of suggested that actually it was very cool that this happened. That was, that was very Trumpian. Like the local Lord who extracts so much grain, so much grain from the peasants. He's always extracting, you know, he gets, he gets sharp with an arrow. What can you do? You know, he's not very popular with the peasants. You know, the Villains, the Villains, they don't like him. He makes them till the fields. He pays them very little. He gives them very little to eat. You know, he's in the hundreds courts. If I were him, I would have hired a couple of lands necks. Terrible at real tennis. Look, we're going to talk a little bit about the news because my fucking God, has there been some of it? And then we're going to talk after that about like what appears to be one of the last of the incumbency dominoes to fall Canada and how we appear to have be on the verge of a, a Maple DeSantis government basically. I can't wait for that discussion. Can I get a Maple DeSantis? Is that a million miles off base to call Polyev Maple DeSantis? There is, that will be interesting to probe. There is, uh, there is definitely something to that. Although Maple DeSantis sounds like a gross flavor of ice cream, you get it like an Ottawa tourist trap. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What do you mean? I love going to Camiso's Market in Niagara Falls, the least mobbed up grocery store in the entirety of Canada to get a Maple DeSantis. There's like that. Yeah, I should, I should contextualize that joke a bit. There is currently a tourist trap in downtown Ottawa that is based on a single visit that Barack Obama did to Ottawa. It's like a fucking shrine to Obama in downtown Ottawa. And they have the most disgusting fucking baked goods you've ever had. So presumably when we have like the Trump Polyevra North American Imperium firmly established, uh, yeah, well, that's where you, that's where you'll go. That'll be replaced with a place where you can get the fucking, uh, yeah, DeSantis Polyevra or whatever, the Maple DeSantis. Yeah. We finally created a place where a Canadian can go for a garbage play in honor of, in honor of Trump's, that we still have a popular tourist hotspot that arose from one time Obama came. We are going to get fucked by Trump terrorists completely. Good God. Just an entire country with imposter syndrome. Oh yeah. A hundred percent. That's the best way to understand Canada. It's like, it's imposter syndrome or in Montreal, a corrupt construction industry. That's basically all of it. Yeah, no. And we'll, we'll get into this later, I'm sure. But it's like, there's, it's, there's like a form of nationalism, particularly on the right, where it's like nationalism, but then nationalism is just being like pro American, which is very weird. It doesn't really make a lot of sense. Oh yeah. I'm the Canadian stallion, but I'm sure that none of those fillies down in that field would be interested in an old guy like me. No, I'd better just stay up here at the stable. Yeah. Like the ultimate Canadian nationalist thing is to roll coal in a car that has a Confederate flag on it in Alberta. Says it's got Trudeau sucks with an X like written on it and Sharpie though. Yeah. Well, those, those guys, uh, throughout, so Toronto had, I think one of the longest lockdowns of any major city in the world. And every single Saturday without fail, uh, there would be a massive march of like, I guess what eventually became the like convoy protesters who I'm sure we'll talk about it as well. But like, they were, uh, like you'd have this big March at the, at, at its peak, like it'd be like a thousand people. And they, yeah, they had all the like fuck Trudeau signs, all that shit. But then they would also have like Trump signs that have all this, like a QAnon bullshit. There'd be like sovereign citizen types and stuff. Uh, like it was, yeah, that, so yeah, that's, that's what, that's what nationalism is on the right for like, you know, right when Canadians, it's fucking insane. Canadian conservatism has always completely bad. Not like that Canadians are conservative, but every, a lot of Canadians are very conservative, but the particular beliefs of Canadian conservatism because, because it's so mixed up that all of our media consumption comes from America. Yes. And so Canadian conservatives are American conservatives who are basically disenfranchised. Yeah. Like have to vote at the kids table. Mixed in with the inferiority complex. So you're like the most racist man you've ever seen who is still kind of thrilled that Obama showed up one time. Yes. Yes. And with the same like absurd victimhood complex that, and like sense of like ill-founded sense of marginality that like exists on the U S right as well. So like, uh, as with like, uh, you know, your country, the United States, uh, Canada is the same in that the conservatives believe that there's like a left-wing media and it's like, buddy, there's like two media conglomerates at like the, the, the, the, most of the newspapers in Canada are owned by post media, which is like the most right wing, like they own the national post, which is like our version of the, like the spectator it's ridiculous. Oh, okay. Good. And, but all of that means that because all of our media just reacts to American media and so much of politics as people mostly understand it now, most of the time, unless they're like particularly politically engaged in a material way, not just, I fucking love the news is it's just a, like a vector. It's just a place where media consumption goes out and all of like the innervation that you get from consuming media, you get to send that somewhere. And so we've had for years because being a conservative Canadian meant that you were like an epic Alberta oil worker or like an it guy at an oil company who has a big car. And like, you're obsessed with the idea that like some pansies in Ontario or BC are going to get upset with what you're doing. You're loving that you're loving. You're like, yeah, Trump's president of America. Fuck you. I bet you hate that. And now, but now like, I mean, I'm, we're going to talk about this later. We might as well bring it up now. The fact that Trump is like, oh yeah, we're going to do 25% tariffs and everything coming in from Canada. They're like, fuck. I met this guy in Japan. I met a Canadian guy exactly like this. We were in a bar and then you do that thing where they're like, oh, like you're both English speaking. Why don't you talk to this man? Cause it's a very small bar. And he's kind of like kind of normal for a bit. And then, and then he starts talking to me. He's from Alberta, of course. And then he's like, and he's like, he's like, yeah, man, I'd vote for Trump if I could. And then I'm like, and I'm like, but you, but you can't cause you're Canadian. And then he starts telling me about all of these like guns that he's bought specific, that are illegal specifically to protest gun control. And I'm like, but it's not gun control in Canada. You just never had guns. Like this isn't like, this isn't like a new, what are you, you're protesting gun control in a different country by doing stuff that I presume if Britain has anything to go by is so illegal. Like the only, like the ultimate Canadian conservative thing is thanking an ice guy for his service while he picks you up because you illegally immigrated trying to do January 6th. That's the ultimate Canadian conservative move. It's so fucking ridiculous. We call that the maple dissent. Yeah. Well, it's because it's, especially as it is now, it's largely an outgrowth of the hydrocarbon industry in Alberta. Like the whole, like most of the funding for it is from like, from these like, you know, oil companies. It's political base is people who live on an oil company money. Like the Alberta, the reason they don't charge like provincial taxes is because of the, is they have the oil industry. There is this whole big, like in the U S so much conservative shit is again, like the Koch brothers are, you know, like physical capital oil, all this stuff. But there's so many steps between oil and like conservative columnist politics in Canada. It's like right fucking there. And so it ends up being like, you are a nationalist for the president of a neighboring country. Who's now directly threatening the industry upon which your entire politics rests out of like spite. Well, maybe I had it coming, you know, maybe I was secretly woke and I didn't know. Yeah. Oh my God. There are like everyone in Alberta is just going to like begrudgingly get a neo pronoun to try to like atone. Anyway, I want to talk about, I want to go a little bit backwards. I want to talk a little bit about the news, which is of course the most important single event that's had. Look, I know we don't like to talk too much about the great man, great man or woman theory of history, right? These, we should be focusing on material. Great men or women. And now we've got one more. I like the, the woke great man theory of history. Great man or woman. Great non-binary person theory of history. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The great they, them of history, of course. But sometimes, sometimes someone comes along like Napoleon or, you know, FDR who materially individually alters the course of history. And I think we just have to acknowledge Hawk Tua turning into a crypto rug. Yeah, that's right. No, the, of course we are talking, of course, about the assassination. It seems of Brian Thompson, the United healthcare CEO, the CEO of one of the largest health insurance providers in the States, probably the most cruel, if you want to say by the health insurance provider with the biggest like individual body count in terms of denying claims, refusing to pay people. One of the more evil people. And that's in like stiff competition. Well, I hope he had life insurance. Pre-existing condition. That would be really funny if he didn't have life insurance. What are they going to do? Shoot me? Yeah. So there was some speculation as to why this happened. Of course, the company paid a pretty large like ransom to a ransomware gang. He also oversees the highest level of claim denial in the entire decrepit US healthcare system at 645 in the morning while going to a meeting of shareholders was absolutely just was a plug. It was like, I mean, if you have the stomach for this sort of thing, and I recognize some people don't. We have some like squishier, more liberal fans who maybe don't want to see a guy get executed on the street. But trust me, when I found out who it was and why it happened, I did. And that video is clean. Like you are seeing someone get like killed for good reason, which is, you know, a nice change given the amount of people getting killed for bad reasons in the world by someone who appears to know what they're doing, which is nice. You know, I think we used to call this praxis. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't want to see the amateurs out there on the streets. So he was scheduled to speak at the annual investor conference for analysts and hedge funds beginning at 8 a.m. Oh, just really ruined that event. You know, like even if you don't feel bad for the guy, you feel bad for the institution because, you know, the analysts and hedge funds that, you know, they're missing an angel tonight. Yeah, they're missing their favorite act. They were like, oh, he's not going to speak. But I love his little routine. No, the stock went up. I guess he wasn't doing that good of a job. I mean, I guess like shit. OK, the, you know, the market corrects for this stuff after all. Yeah, maybe analysts were just like, look, he didn't deny enough claims. Like they call it dead man's shoes, right? We needed to get someone else who was going to be in. Someone's got to go get that guy's shoes. I'm the dumb guy who works at UnitedHealthcare. So there are a lot of different theories flying around. I want to sort of highlight a few of them. They found in the course of this that the guy had written on the like shell casings. What was it like? Deny, delay, defend. Yeah, exactly. All the shit that insurance companies do to not pay your health care insurance. So I think that's a pretty clear motivation. I think this is a sign that, you know, whoever it is, is, you know, as yes on court. And, you know, I hope they remain that way was sort of looking into the camera and saying that they were the exact same kind of communist that I am. I feel pretty good about this. What I'm surprised about is that this just doesn't happen more, given that the United States is a country that is suffused with guns, that is high and soaring inequality. You know, these are like the conditions that tend to cause political instability against like, you know, named elites. So the other thing, though, right, is, you know, maybe he was a disgruntled policyholder or the relative of someone who was, you know, basically killed by neglect by United Health. The thing and the thing about like United Health Care is they disgruntled a lot of people. They gruntled very few people because it's fundamentally disgruntling business model. Colombo is going to have to go and interview 50 million people. Yeah, yeah, because like even if you have like a good experience with your health insurance company, right, that's in relation to someone getting sick or injured. And that's something that you want the profit most far away from. Right. You're never going to say, oh, hey, this guy, you know, took my money to pay for my chemotherapy. But like he did it in a really nice way. So I couldn't fault him for that. You know, the other thing to note is United Health is the worst offender for getting sort of large, dubious payments from the government Medicare Advantage program. So maybe he was just trying out for a job at the Department of Government Efficiency. Maybe he wanted to work for Elon Musk. Only the top 1% of applicants will be will be considered. We're holding tryouts. Was it was it not United Health that recently announced that they're no longer fully covering people's anesthetics when they have like under the knife? That was Blue Cross Blue Shield. Yeah, but like what I'm saying is this guy has a lot more bicycling to do. Also, we could mention as well that United Health was one of the adopters of like an AI system that's built to deny claims because insurance. If you're going in the business of mass insuring a population that's pretty unwell, then you have to find ways to deny as many claims as possible so you can make sure that you're making enough money. And, you know, it's difficult and expensive to fight back against an insurer. And many of the people who will have their claims denied will go on to die and then be unable to fight back against the insurers. They just have to delay it for as long as possible. So it's again like it's I think what I quote I've seen flying around is the quote about the two terrors. Right. The Mark Twain. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. The two terrors that the sort of the 10,000 years of grinding terror of, you know, basically being killed by social neglect in an appropriate way that that creates all of this upsurge of pressure that then is released. And then the people who, you know, perpetrating the 10,000 years of terror like, ah, now there's terror that it's being visited upon us. Right. And, you know, it's the you're I guess you're just surprised that, you know, it happening so infrequently then because there is so much inequality, so much pressure is sort of itself surprising. And, you know, you wonder why there aren't more like killdozers and why the killdozer guy was so particularly right wing. Yeah, the killdozer guy, as you say, was like a kind of like a right wing libertarian. And I've been wondering about this, too, why this has kind of been like the curious incident of the dog in the nighttime. Right. Why this has happened so sort of so seldom. Right. And I'm not sure that I have an answer. You know, the story, the story with the killdozer guy, why he didn't succeed and why there haven't been like, I don't know, people working more firmly within the killdozer tradition. Two reasons. One, he did like build a fucking tank, right? Like he turned a bulldozer into like a tank. And that's like not I think that is like beyond the average person's technical abilities. I think it's like he was like an engineer or something. But secondly, I'm pretty sure Ronald Reagan died like a few hours into his rampage. Then the news just became that. And it was not until the Netflix documentary that he got his due as one of like the weirdest kind of spree shooter adjacent people in American history. He starts his spree and then Reagan dies. And they're like, good work, 47. Now head for an answer. You'd really hate to be doing Canadian killdozer. And then like the American president mentions Canada and you are unable to get any more coverage. Oh, my God. You're too busy soy facing in your killdozer. Do you mind if I if I bulldoze the rose bushes in front of the parliament here? Would that be a problem? I'm not a proper killdozer anyway. I want to talk about Canada because there's been a very, very important development in the course of Canadian history and politics that just came up. I think last week they finally did it. They finally the mad lads finally did it. They finished the victims of communism memorial. Oh, I didn't think that was going to happen. Yeah, that's right. It was. I mean, how can it ever truly be finished when, you know, communism is not dead? I mean, to this very day, Jeremy Corbyn is killing people every day. Well, you got to add Brian Thompson. 11,000 mile tour obelisk for all 99 trillion and counting victims of communism. Yeah. It's like, why does the section all start with Unterscharfuehrer? I didn't know there were that many of them. Well, not now. Yeah, no. Well, indeed, they've all, they're all victims of communism. Yeah. You can be Zafir of my Unterscharf. Yeah. Yeah. So the victims of communism memorial, of course, it's a, it's been a sort of a bugbear of mine for a while. It was started in, I think, 2008 when Jason Kenney went to the Czech Republic and then saw like, you know, a statue that I'm like, well, like communism was bad. It was like, we need one of these in Canada. So it's us too. And then a series of blunders and government changes. And then Christia Freeland getting interested later. It ended up getting crowdfunded by a bunch of people who were like, I will give the victims of communism $500 so long as they commemorate my uncle, Ante Pavlich. Yeah, they had, it was like, it was kind of like, you know, Make-A-Wish Foundation or something where it's like you could fund a brick. So you're like funded brick by brick. And then you would get like, I guess, a name of your choosing on the brick. And it turned out that a lot of people chose the names of Nazis for some reason. Mysterious. It's quite ironic to crowdfund a memorial for the victims of communism, isn't it? My favorite of the bricks, it was the bricks on the pathway to freedom organized by tribute to liberty is what this was. My favorite of the bricks was where they, instead of naming it after like people, they would be like, yeah, this is a land reform in Vietnam. What? It's also a victim of communism. Yeah. Hypothetical property developers. Yeah. I'm sorry I never got to like charge you like a stupid amount in rent, Anon. Yeah. We could have built a wonderful resort outside of like Saigon and on. On every development, we always leave a vacant lot in honor of the Vietnamese property developers who never got to build a high rise. Yeah. The spokesman for heritage minister, Pascal Saint-Ange, said on Tuesday that they've agreed that there will be no names on the memorial. Department officials are reviewing the backgrounds of names and events to be commemorated. At the time of the unveiling, though, there will be no names until we can vet all of them. There are no Nazis. Try not to give any of them a standing ovation this time, guys. Yeah. I mean, that like, yeah, that incident, which if people don't know, yeah, they literally applauded a veteran of the Waffen-SS in the fucking Canadian House of Commons like a year and a half ago. That incident, you would have thought would have killed off this like ridiculous project. But yeah, somehow it's continued. I think, as Riley, you said, like this was I mean, Kenny started this thing, former immigration minister, Jason Kenny. It was pretty much like dead. And then Christia Freeland got it going again. And I mean, there was a there was a report, I think, that the same department, I think it was the Ministry of Heritage commissioned, which found that more than half of the individuals commemorated in the memorial may have been Nazis or Nazi collaborators. There's like more than half. This wasn't like they found a few names. This is like a majority of the names on the fucking monument were literal fucking Nazis. And this was not considered like a national. This did not rise to the level of national scandal, even after a veteran of the Waffen-SS was invited to the House of Commons. It's fucking insane. They're going to have a lot of space to fill when they take all the Nazi names off. They're going to have to do like, you know, fucking illuminated manuscript, like huge P at the start. Like, you know, do a picture of like a weird cat that doesn't look like any cat you've ever seen. They could start commemorating stuff like the casinos owned by the mob in Cuba. Yeah. Like Meyer Lansky's ready supply of rum. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're just like Nikolai the second of Russia. Yeah. Anastasia question mark. Yeah. Or is she here? Yeah. Anastasia the pop star. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, all I'm saying is the fact that this was completed under a liberal government shows that Trudeau's got his tanks on Polly M's lawn. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. The liberal government is reversing what, like a double digit now deficit in the polls just by being like, look, we completed the victims of communism memorial and there are mostly no Nazi names on it. Please vote for us. I love that after all this time, after like a decade of these insane boondoggles and revelations about, you know, fucking the names of Nazis going to appear on the statue, they finally found the silver bullet solution, which is just don't have any names at all. Just don't, just don't, don't, don't have names. Don't worry about any of who they might be. Yeah. And, and actually I would be remiss if I didn't mention that I believe it was on the day of the U.S. election, right? A day where, you know, people are definitely, you know, paying attention to other news besides what's going on in the United States. Well, it was on that day that the Ministry of Heritage announced, oh yeah, we have the names of 900 Nazis that were admitted to Canada after the Second World War. You know, some of them were employed as strike breakers in like Northern Ontario and shit like that. And yeah, we're not, we're not going to release the names. We're just not going to do that. And you know, they, they, they, they waited for a day when they knew people would being paying attention to make that very popular announcement. Yeah. They wouldn't of course release that on the day where anything was happening in Canada. I'd be like, all right, everyone's, it's the U.S. election, the most popular political event in Canada. It's Spotify wrapped week, release the Nazi list. Yeah. No one's going to be looking at it. So one of the other ways of getting into this as well is number one, you know, victims of communism memorial, ha ha. But also I want to go back to something we were mentioning in the first like 10 minutes, which is there is kind of this slow rolled pan political countrywide meltdown across every single party of trying to deal with the relatively serious idea. It really seems like it could be serious that Donald Trump will impose like 25% tariffs on both Canada and Mexico quote until such time as drugs in particular fentanyl and illegal invasions aliens stop this invasion of our country. Like I say, this has sent everyone in Canada freaking out because Canada is in all but name the 51st state and his politics are largely essentially managing the relationship with its neighbor to the South. That's like 80% of Canadian politics. It's so funny because isn't like the US pretty much the only country that has a fentanyl problem and the reason they have a fentanyl problem is because the US pharmaceutical industry like dishes it out so liberally? Um, yes. Okay, cool. Just so we're all on the same page on that. Yeah. Because you can buy illegal drugs in this country, but none of them have fentanyl in them. Yeah. Well, the other thing of just an addendum to that, which is, yes, that's sort of right. But then a lot of knockoff fentanyl that's like made elsewhere then comes into the country via the mostly a southern border, a little bit the northern border. The one fentanyl guy in Quebec is like, I've got a little scheme going on. Oh, Milo, there's more than one. They just don't export. The Quebec National Strategic Fentanyl Reserve. Yeah. Keeping the price of fentanyl high by storing it in big vats. But anyway, anyway, what I want to ask Luke first is how is everybody reacting to this possibility that like there could be trade hardball played from the South, which has been threatening to do over softwood lumber, oil, everything for decades. But the whole idea is it's always pro wrestling. It's always a fake fight. But it doesn't seem more real now. Yeah. I mean, like that's what I was going to say. I mean, you've kind of preempted me there. I mean, there's just it's very hard to envision any circumstance in which Trump actually does like a blanket 25 percent tariff on Canadian goods. Like, really, all the oil that the United States imports from Canada, suddenly they're going to put a 25 percent tariff on that. It's like Canada is, I think, the 10th biggest economy in the world. And the United States economy is heavily integrated with it. Like, this seems to be one of those places where the old cliche applies that like you should take Trump seriously, but not literally. But that is not, as you can imagine, how our own political class has been metabolizing this. Like, the first thing I saw a day after Trump did that post was Doug Ford gave like probably the weepiest press conference I have ever seen. A weepy Ford? Is that possible? They're usually so, you know, restrained. They're a clan known for their composure. I mean, in his case... I understand the dangers of the drugs, Mr. Trump. Crack killed my brother. But you have to listen. But he like... It was Rob Ford's make-a-wish that you wouldn't do this. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, you know, there was a Globe and Mail investigation, I don't know, seven or eight years ago that found that in the 80s, I think it was, you know, Doug Ford was one of the main marijuana dealers in Etobicoke, in like West Toronto at the time. Anyway. But no, Doug Ford gave this weepy press conference. And he's a guy whose presentation, I think it would be fair to say, is kind of like, he's like a tough guy politician. And like, this was not that. He was like crying as if, yeah, like, I don't know, he just received like a dressing down from a parent or something. And he was kind of alternating between trying to sound like Ontario would retaliate against the Trump tariff threat and just being like, baby, I'm sorry. Like, I'll do anything. Like, I'll do better next time. Like, I don't know. It was pretty embarrassing to watch. And being like, we won't send Drake down anymore. Yeah. That's either a threat or a promise, depending on what you want. Good luck getting your hands on a Maple DeSantis at 25% tariffs. The ice cold refreshment of a Maple DeSantis. But no, like the reaction has been from like, I would say a lot of the like, I don't know, left wing nationalism, which used to be like a pretty powerful force in Canada, not as powerful anymore. I think I fear that's been kind of muted in response to this. I mean, like my basic response to this is just like, OK, Canada is like a huge economy. Like, we're not the United States. But it's like, I just think like if they do that, then we can retaliate. Like, and they're not going to like that. Trump's not going to like that. And Trump's allies at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce are really not going to like it. So like, I don't know. But basically, in lieu of that, the response has been like this mixture from like centrist and right wing commentators that's like, look, let's just give the Americans what they want. Like patriotism is when we just accept like an insane premise of like a Donald Trump truth social post and then like rethink our entire politics and economy to appease him. It's fucking stupid. They know really what they're doing is as actually like that makes sense, according to their like patriotic imaginary, which is we follow the global hegemon. We follow the imperial leader. And, you know, it's that they're they're just saying, well, the the empire has went from mad king to dying king back to mad king. And so we've got to recalibrate. So it's like it's like Polyev is has taken this opportunity. We're going to talk a little bit more like who is Polyev and how Canada got to this position where it's like how Canada is lining up in like the great incumbent kick out of the 2020s. 2020s. But like, you know, Polyev's response to this has just been like, yeah, this just shows that like just and true don't is soft on crime. And yeah, it's stuff like this. It's the things that you wouldn't expect a conservative politician who wasn't in the soft play area of Canada to be able to survive saying, you know, to things that are just very, very, very lame. Tabernak, I've read this post on Verite Sociale. Yeah, he just says, like, we've shown that, you know, this is this is because we're not good enough. We're not good enough for the Trump economy, which is great. There is there is, by the way, there is like a long lineage of Canadian conservatives doing this in 2003, when the United States was going to into Iraq, Stephen Harper, who was then leader of the opposition, wrote an article in The Wall Street Journal, basically like apologizing on behalf of Canada that we weren't going into Iraq. And Don Cherry, who will be that name will mean absolutely nothing to most of you, most of your listeners. But like great name, though. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It means something to me. Riley knows he's my man laughing because, you know, but no, Don Cherry on Hockey Night in Canada, like, you know, there's like Saturday night like hockey that everybody watches. He basically had a fucking meltdown. And like, yeah, it was again, like apologizing on behalf of Canada that we weren't going into Iraq. Like nothing triggers the right more than not doing like not following the bidding of like a right wing American president. Tariff, tariff threats aside, it's looking like everybody hates Justin. And it seems like it's for mostly the same reasons that everybody in all the other countries hated every other incumbent since 2020. It's just it's sad to see the Castro political dynasty end in Cuba and Canada. Yeah. Add him to the name of the victims of communism, unfortunately, Justin Trudeau. Justin Trudeau's relationship with his biological father engraved on the victims of communism memorial. The last victim of communism on the memorial. That's right. So I think it's worth before going into sort of where we are now, because I have a few facts I wanted to sort of talk around. It's worth reviewing. Like, what did people want from Justin Trudeau when they elected him in 2015 and kicked out Harper? Yeah, I would I would say two things about that. I mean, the first is that like a lot of people voted liberal in 2015 because they genuinely thought Justin Trudeau was some kind of like left wing populist who was going to, I don't know, tax the rich and that he was like anti war and all this stuff. And people thought that because that's like more or less what they were told by media on both sides of the border. Like the U.S. media in particular had this fixation with the idea that like Canada had just elected a Bernie Sanders style populist. Like that was something you could read in places like the Atlantic, which is completely fucking insane. And Trudeau, you know, did I guess like a pretty adept feint in that direction. Like he never actually promised to be that, but he's sort of like winked at taxing the rich and shit like that. But but the other part of it, I think, is just that the Liberal Party has long been like it is long position itself is like this is the safe, innocuous option. Like when you're fed up with politics, you can vote for us and we'll make them go away. It's like kind of like the Canadian version of, you know, we've talked about Maple DeSantis. This is like Maple Bidenism. You know, it's like an anti-political thing that is like also purporting to be left wing and like anti-neoliberal and isn't. Vote for the sleepy time tea bear. It's bedtime. Vote for the bedtime party. You know who Justin Trudeau reminds me of more than Biden, actually? I've been thinking about this recently while preparing the notes for this episode. He reminds me of Canadian Gavin Newsom. Yes. Where it's like he loves triggering the chuds, but like that's sort of all he can do. Gavin Newsom or Gavin Newsom degoutant, if you prefer. Gavin, Gavin Niverson. So because this is like when when Gavin Newsom legalized same sex marriage in the early 2000s in California, he was like, you know, it's get used to it. Basically, it was like his fame. He famously was like, yeah, fuck off. It's that. This is what's happening. Get used to it. And then Trudeau does the same thing in 2015. When, you know, again, the media is it's just weird that they'd ask this question. Hey, how come you have a half female cabin? He was like, because it's 2015. So it's a bit of Gavin to him. But also the whole thing. In retrospect, that's also very funny. Yeah. The other thing, right, is that he focused on taking a few like left wing policy ideas from the progressive left, but decoupled it from like any of the economic liberation stuff. So with Gavin Newsom, it was gay marriage. With Justin Trudeau, it was weed legalization. Right. So it was like, so he like, oh, yeah, people like the Green Party or, you know, the NDP under Leighton or whatever. They liked all of this stuff. But the fun policies, the policy that don't have like really transformative economic impact is stuff like cultural stuff. You might call it blue meat. Yeah. Blue rare steak. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that's what he did. Right. I had some blue waffle for that maple syrup. Yeah. We're building a whole menu here, albeit a disgusting one. No, it's actually just as an aside. It's very confusing. And it's always bothered me that in Canada, like the the shitty centrist party, like the color is red and like conservatism is blue. That's not really made any sense. Oh, so still red meat. Perfect. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Red meat is like means tested tax credits and like, yeah, weed legalization that takes like four years to actually happen. Although, you know, I will give the liberals credit. Weed is very legal in Canada now. Like every every Starbucks has been replaced by a dispensary. And women can smoke it too now. This is 2024. But what people wanted from Trudeau when they elected him is a break from the sort of miserable world of Stephen Harper, which everyone fucking hated. It sounds like a terrible children's book. The miserable world of Stephen Harper. Well, children, we can't afford Disneyland. So we're going to the miserable world of Stephen Harper. Hello, boys and girls. Welcome to the miserable world of Stephen Harper. This is like Hank Venture. Why don't you come into fiscal probity land? It was built on a shoestring budget. And then you can walk through the house of the traditional Canadian family. Yeah, that's nice. The illegal weed room. Yeah. But you can't smoke any weed. Yeah. But he also, like every other incumbent of his political stripe, was unwilling to touch the kind of deep economic, like structural reform third rails that anyone else of his political ilk was willing to touch in response to these series of crises that started into, well, started whenever, but that sort of started to be felt in 2008. And that intensified throughout the 2010s, culminating in like the huge inflation of the early 2020s. No one was able to deal with that problem. No one less so than Justin Trudeau, who presides not only over like a country that has all those problems, but a country where also it's like it's a continent sized San Francisco in terms of its housing market. Yeah. I mean, the housing stuff is completely insane and they've done absolutely nothing about it. In fact, when they were just starting to get like really unpopular, they've been pretty unpopular since like arguably since like 2019 or even before that. But like when they started getting really unpopular, it was maybe two summers ago when the housing situation was just completely out of control everywhere. And their response, their initial response to it was, this is actually provincial jurisdiction. This is not our responsibility to do anything about this. Yeah. And that did not not exactly endear them to people. I will say one one other thing about Trudeau's initial appeal, which I think helps explain why it's unraveled so quickly and is also germane to all the stuff regarding the United States we've been talking about, which is that so much of it in those early years, like 2015, late 2015 and 2016 depended on the fact that like Donald Trump was in the news all the time and like became president. And Trudeau was taken up by international media, especially as like he was always having a viral moment where, yeah, he's saying something woke or he's like he's he's like saying the things that like no one will say anymore in the collapsing liberal order that like, you know, he'll say like tolerance is good or something like that or whatever. A bunch of like woofer random enthusiasts were like in many ways, like, God, I wish I was Canadian that we had a leader like Justin Trudeau. I told you, Gavin Newsom, that's Gavin stuff. Absolutely. He would do he would do like like viral clips where he'd like be in a Tim Hortons wearing a twenty five thousand dollar watch and he'd say like, here's how you can improve your feminism with one simple trick. Like, how about we start listening to women, fellas or something that was taken up by like like that kind of shit. It was like viral everywhere. And so international media covered Trudeau. I mean, it wasn't just that there was all kinds of stuff they covered about him, but they picked up on him as this like this avatar they were seeking for this like anti Trump figure or whatever. And Canadians, we love, you know, we're a small country in terms of our population. And so we love reading like agilatory things about Canada in the foreign press. And so Canadians, in turn, kind of like were served for several years a version of their country that was filtered through like media in other countries and specifically the United States. And it turns out you can't sustain a government like that's you can't sustain a government on that. Right. Unfavorable Atlantic. Exactly. So when so when like there stopped being articles about Trudeau in like The Guardian in The New York Times, then like they never really found a narrative again. And they've been floundering ever since. He needs to update his TikTok presence. He needs to be back in Tim Hortons, but he needs to be with like the fucking the lapel mic clipped onto whatever the Toronto Metro card looks like and being like, yo, what's what's your Timmy's order? Tell me. Canada's so fucking embarrassing. I swear to you, like that what Luke just said about like one of the reasons that like his appeal was stuck around for a few years, despite the fact that he fucked up almost immediately is that Canadians also are obsessed with coverage of Canada by other countries. No other country in the world, I put it to you, is like every every Canadian is listening to this with bated breath being like, oh, I hope they like us. Yeah, there's two Canadians. It doesn't count as four in the United States. Britain kind of has the opposite energy of Canada, where I feel like Brits think they're more important than they are. So like we're just kind of like, hey, why aren't they talking? They should be fucking talking about us. We're not like we're not happy when it happens. We're angry when it's not happening. It is. It is really funny how you guys have the special relationship, which is a thing that only people in Britain talk about. And American elites don't give a fuck. They don't even know. That phrase is not in their vocabulary. Canadians are smart enough to know that like we don't matter so much. We know. No. If any Canadian ever said special relationship, they'll be laughed out of whatever room they were in. Yeah, it's like if France is America's oldest ally and the UK is America's closest ally, Canada is what, like America's most proximate ally? America's most geographic ally. Canada is one of the countries of the world. And I would say it is America's most tsundere ally. I will throw one more anecdote here into the mix. This was another thing from the Rob Ford era. When Rob Ford was briefly in the news for, I think we can all agree, like pretty embarrassing reasons, right? When like for being a good mayor, for being the best mayor in history, when Rob Ford was in the news for being the best mayor in history, SNL did a sketch, probably like the worst SNL. Well, actually, the only SNL sketch less funny than the Kate McKinnon singing, like covering Leonard Cohen as Hillary Clinton after Clinton lost in 2016. And it was this sketch of just like Rob Ford saying a bunch of shit. It did not look like Rob Ford, did not sound like Rob Ford. There was not a single joke that landed. And like, I feel like every newspaper in Canada was like, guys, we made SNL fucking pathetic. Canada finally, despite the fact that the writing to the staff of SNL is at any given time half Canadian. True. Yeah. The Canadian conspiracy, the silent hand behind all American media. The shy hand. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The invisible hand of Canadian influence. They're listening to Brian Adams. They don't even know it. I don't want to go too far to just remembering stuff about Canada, but I do. I am obsessed with the movie November notes. I've talked about this with her maybe 20 times. I bring it up every time I remember it, too. So we just kind of set each other off. Luke, you must remember when like this sort of momentary firestorm of excitement about Bon Cop, Bad Cop that it was like, oh my God. We have a movie. I light up. We have a movie that's like a legitimate movie that looks like a Hollywood movie. The definition of locked in was the face that Luke did when you said the words Bon Cop, Bad Cop. You remember what I'm talking about, right? It was so exciting to be Canadian at that time. He's like, we did one. We weren't just a backlot. We actually made the movie. And then you rewatch it. Oh my God. And that movie, like the plot of that movie, it's like, it's like, yeah, the good cop and the bad cop is like, one of them is from, one of them is from Quebec and he's like, I don't know. He's like foul mouthed and doesn't use like orthodox investigative techniques and like, but guess what? His like English Canadian compadre, turns out they're really good at solving crimes together. Yeah. Not a good movie. Ridiculous. Oh my God. There are actually a few things I want to talk about that aren't just like remembering fun stories about Canada. Sorry, everybody. Which is that one of the ways you can know other than the polls that the Trudeau government is just turbo fucked is that Christia Freeland has said what I think is a kind of cognito hazard of finance ministers in the developed world, which is she said the word vibe session, which means, you know, yeah, yeah, that's right. America's most cringe ally. That's like, you should, number one, you shouldn't be saying that if you're in government, you should. That's something that you say if you're in Columbus. Also, that's a federal government document now. So you have to have it bilingually. Cession du vide. Une depression de émotion. Because that's language. Cession du vide is too close to English. That's what the French would say. Yeah, the Quebecois wouldn't allow that. Because we know that like vibe session is like a Matty Glacius word that he uses to square the fact that top line growth is doing great. Inflation is down when you strip out food and gas. Basically. Yeah. Inflation is down when you strip out all the stuff people buy. Yeah. Most of the time. If you base it chiefly on the price of a Maple DeSantis. Yeah. Yeah. The Maple DeSantis index is down. So vibe session is what someone like Matty Glacius would then blog about to be like, well, people must just be depressed for some reason because they're like going on Twitter and seeing like podcasters. Why don't these idiots understand my graphs? Yeah. Well, yeah. Yeah. And so my least favorite Iglesias brother, I have to say. So basically, right, this is like people keep getting surveyed in Canada and they keep seeing the economy is in bad shape. They keep saying the economy is in bad shape, even though the top line numbers are good and core inflation is down. And then Chrystia Freeland says, we acknowledge that there is a vibe session, which means, again, she should be by election right away. Barred from running. You should go back to promoting freedom in Eastern Europe, Freeland. But if you say vibe session, your government is going to be thrown out because what you're doing is you're avoiding tangling with the fact that people can't afford food and fuel. That's it. Man, like there's so much to say about this. So first of all, the press conference where, you know, she like she entered vibe session into Canada's political lexicon. She actually presented it. She said, like, economists are calling it a vibe session. And it turns out that the person who- Matt Iglesias is calling it a vibe session. Some stackers are calling it a vibe session. Matt Iglesias, the real like shadow hand. It's not Lorne Michaels behind SNL. It's Matt Iglesias inadvertently writing policy for the whole Western world. Just because every person we put in power is dumb enough to believe only him. I could patronize you, baby. It's like a kind of shit-lip Rasputin. But it's not, it turns out like, so I actually was not aware Iglesias used this, but it looks like the point of its point of origin was actually a Kentucky-based Zoomer TikToker. So Christy Freeland did like, she announced this by being like, oh, people are calling it a vibe session at every water cooler in the country. People are talking about a vibe session. And yeah, it's literally like a TikToker from another country who's like 25. God. And we know which country it is. There's only one country that it would be a TikToker from. It's so embarrassing also that like, she's the cream of like the Canadian intelligence services. This is the best they could do. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's intelligence in the technical sense of the term. Now, so she does this press conference talking about vibe session, right? She says there's a disconnect between recent good news on inflation and interest rates, which again, the liberals in Canada appear to be indignant is not translating into higher poll numbers for them. It's like, hey, we did this. And it's like, number one, no, you fucking did not. What happened is global energy prices came down. So global inflation came down. You did nothing. I love like Louis XVI style politics, like ignore the evidence of your ears and eyes. If you're out of bread, eat cake. What is your problem with what I have bestowed upon you? It's basically like saying, don't you understand every day I go out in the balcony of Sussex Drive, I command the sun to set and it sets. You see, I have power. This is honestly this when I see like politicians talking about, quote, having brought down inflation, this to me, that's all I hear is commanding the sun to set and then low it sets. But she says he says, look, clearly that wasn't enough, right? But you're still in a vibe session, which means you're still going to and we're going to take this very personally in the Liberal Party. Vote for Pierre Polyev. So we're going to do a quite small version of what like, you know, of the sort of the Trump checks. We're going to cut GST, which is like a federal sales tax. We're going to cut GST on children's clothing, shoes, toys, diapers, restaurant meals, beer and wine, groceries. It's like it's not insignificant, but it's also a tax cut for two months. And they also are applying it to Christmas trees. There's one thing Canada's got a lot of. Yeah, that's true. And they also are planning, again, to send out $250 checks to Canadians who are working in 2023 and earned up to $150,000. So for that kind of like that, that low level of means testing and that broad based of a tax cut, temporary though it is, shows that they're basically getting desperate, but are still not willing to do enough to make people not hate them. Yeah. And I mean, the checks, they managed to means test that so that it's like I think seniors don't get them or like that. That was when they initially announced it. It's like so someone who makes $150,000 gets it. But if you're over a certain age, you're excluded for some reason. But no, this is like, yeah, this is basically a fake policy. Like there's you don't pay federal sales tax on all kinds of things already. There's some provinces where because of the existing tax rules, this will do very little. Like I think on children's clothing, there's plenty of like provinces where you don't even pay sales tax on that in the first place. So they're basically saying like, look, yeah, food might be 20% more expensive than it was two years ago. But hey, if you if you go to a Best Buy in the next two months, you will be able to save $8 on a Nintendo Switch, you know? And that is our plan. That is our transformative plan to restore economic confidence, which, yeah, economic confidence and morale is the problem, by the way, not the state of the actual economy itself. Is there a second transformative plan in case the first one doesn't work? Yeah. A lot of people don't like what we've been doing with the country and they think they can do better, which is why we've brought down the cost of a Nintendo Switch. You can go out and you can buy a copy of Animal Crossing and you can build whatever kind of fascist state you want on that island. You can make it all pandas. You can put the rest of them in a concentration camp, all in pursuit of bells. And then the best one is going to win. Then they're going to be the economics minister. We're going to replace Christopher Freeland with the best Animal Crossing player in Canada. That's right. And I think like what this all sort of goes to illustrate, as well as my obsession with the movie Bon Cop, Bad Cop, what this goes to illustrate is Canada has, you know, like every other incumbency, like sort of suffered from the inability to mediate between Canadians and the global economy. And of course, we now have to talk about the people who are cynically capitalizing on that, namely Pierre Polyev, the new, new, new ish, a couple of years old now, conservative. Guy I've seen recording himself in TikToks, walking around random American neighborhoods, talking about how cool America is. I love Canada. Awesome. And he like, one of the things that he's doing is he is, immigration and Canada have a very different relationship than immigration and other like of the rest of like the global north or industrialized world. I'd say like populist right wingers in Germany, the UK, the US, et cetera, have managed to sort of have a broad based anti-immigrant platform for a long time. That's actually a relative novelty in Canada, where you kind of just know one really, really would oppose immigration or they wouldn't oppose it so much. We have and it just wasn't part of. And again, it's not saying that we were a non xenophobic country. Far from it. It's just our xenophobia wasn't channeled in that direction. And so, you know, but one of the major changes is that Pierre Polyev, by just imitating what what Trump says again, why he's maple DeSantis, it's it's the DeSantis Newsome debate. Our federal level politicians are like American governors. Oh, God, that's too that's too real. Like, yeah, that's exactly what it is. It happened. Yeah. No, I watched it. It was terrible. Yeah. Yeah. But he has essentially managed to seize on this moment to just be this channel for these kind of extremely anti hard anti-immigration attitudes into Canadian politics. And again, what you see is the liberals just fully taking that on board because he's because the story, as we've seen in Britain goes, my kid can't get into school or the school size is like, you know, 500 kids per teacher or whatever. No one can afford a house. And then the we were very for a long time, the story of that's because of immigrants didn't really work in Canada. And now it very much does. And everyone seems to be jumping on board. Well, sounds like you've got to you got to take up Trumpian policies. You've got to militarize your border. You've got to build a wall. That's the only solution. You've got to keep those fucking Vermonters out. We got we got to militarize the Canada U.S. border by what? Like having one Canadian soldier every 50 miles. That's right. Hey, get out of here. Yeah. Anytime a U.S. jogger accidentally crosses the border with B.C., you fucking arrest him waterboard him. Yeah. So but look, how do you how do you respond to like that development? Yeah. I mean, I think the liberals have definitely contributed to this because they have kind of picked up like a selectively. I mean, this is very unusual for them. A selectively. Yeah. Kind of like very qualified, like anti-foreigner rhetoric. And like, yeah, they're restricting immigration on, they say, on a temporary basis. But like, for example, one of their fake solutions to the housing crisis was this ban on we're going to we're going to ban or heavily tax foreign real estate. And then when you actually looked into the law or like foreign owned real estate and landlords and when you actually looked into the law, it turns out, well, like it doesn't apply like in like large parts of the country. And also like a very little real estate in Canada is actually owned by foreign landlords anyway. So it's fake. But they were like doing so they're doing like the perfect Canadian liberal style triangulation, which is like something that sounds kind of vaguely populist in a left wing sense or a progressive sense, but is also sort of winking at like xenophobia. But yeah, so they have they have contributed to this environment as well, I would say. It's also worth saying, right, for the international listeners that Pierre Polyev is one of the most hateable people you'll ever see, has never had a real job other than newspaper delivery boy. And before going into the conservative party professionally, he's a career newspaper delivery boy. Yeah, he only stopped doing it like last year. He had the little shorts on and the cap. He was running around. Read all about it. Canada mentioned in America. Yeah. And like his main thing, right, is that he was the one conservative who read the trucker protest. Right. Right. That's essentially what happened. He was the one guy in an institute who came up through and was conditioned by institutional politics like DeSantis. He's not an outsider. He's a conservative party fucking lifer. Right. But he understood because he was imitating Trump. Basically, he understood that the energy in Canadian politics was on the right, that the energy was anti-government in the in the sense of like Canadian January 6th being a bunch of like middle managers at IT outsourcing firms doing donuts on like, you know, Rideau Drive, basically. And then just driving home after a little while after being like two of them getting debanked. Having like an Obama schnitzel and a maple DeSantis and then going on their way. Yeah, essentially. But Polyev read it right and is basically saying what he wants to do is take the politics of the trucker convoy into national government. Yeah. I mean, there's definitely something to that. I mean, in the in the last federal election, the People's Party, which was, you know, it's a far right party started by a former conservative cabinet minister, Maxime Bernier. But in the last election, I mean, they got I think was nearly a million votes basically on like, you know, like base basically on like, you know, anti-lockdown, anti-vaccine mandate mandate type of program. And yeah, Polyev, as you said, Riley, like correctly recognized that there's votes to be won here. He's successfully, I would say, completely like absorbed like most of that energy back into the conservative party. Conservative leader at the time, Aaron O'Toole, was quite ambivalent about the convoy, although like there were a lot of members of the Tory caucus who were pretty supportive of it. But I actually think a lot of his popularity right now is probably less related to that. I feel like most people are not really thinking about those days as much as they were even a year ago. Like so much of it is like the fact that Polyevra has actually, despite all his like conservative weirdness, like this is a guy who when he was running for the leadership of the party, one of his big campaign set pieces was like buying shawarma with Bitcoin. Like he that was that was kind of and the Tory base loved it. They fucking they ate that shit up. But he's actually disciplined those instincts somewhat, I would say. And like a lot of his appeal is just that he like talks about how bad everything is. Like he literally does say, and I think this is a bit unorthodox for a right wing leader in Canada, at least in my lifetime. Like he will talk in the House of Commons about like how many people are lining up at food banks every month and stuff like that. And, you know, his solution to it is, I don't know, let's do like tax cuts for developers or whatever. You know, we should have like less, you know, health and safety around like the construction of new homes or something. But like, I don't know, I think he's managed to just like capitalize on a lot of like free floating anti-liberal sentiment, because unlike the incumbent government, which we've just been discussing, he kind of at least acknowledges there is a problem, even though all of that conservative weirdness is very much like still still in the foreground. I mean, to be a liberal incumbent playing defense after having seen that fail everywhere around the world, you have to just realize that it's like, look, that this paradigm stays here is more important than that. We keep stay governing because we know that Paulyev is safe to, quote, attack the system or whatever, but he's safe to go on attack because ultimately he's going to get in on that attack energy and then he's just going to do what we would have done, which is tax cuts for developers. Yeah. I mean, they have been absolutely like they're sensing a theme in this discussion, but I mean, they have been absolutely hellbent on like copying the worst instincts of American Democrats. I think it was a year and a half ago when the liberals had their convention. One of their like marquee events was an onstage discussion between Christy Freeland and Hillary Clinton. And one of the things I swear to God, and one of the things they should have got Kate McKinnon involved as well. And one of the things just a fun girl boss event, a vibe session. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And one of the things they talked about was the fact that Paulyev has repeatedly talked about how he wants to fire the governor of the Bank of Canada, which, you know, is also if that's bullshit on his part, because the idea that if he was in charge, like like they would have done the exact same thing. They would have just smashed the austerity button, jacked up interest rates. Of course they would. But like, that's the kind of thing that the liberals think is like that. Like, that's the problem with Pierre Paulyevre is that he's like too mean to like our unelect, like the unelected head of our central bank. He has to be nicer to Tiff Macklem. Yeah. I'm always saying this. And also, you know, it is inconveniencing the boss man by asking him if he accepts Hawk to a coin. The man is trying to carve meat off a rotating speed. He doesn't have 15 minutes to wait. The funny thing is, firing the governor of the Bank of Canada is not even an original Paulyev idea. That's just a Trump policy. There you go. Nothing new under the sun. No, it's all just slightly translated, you know? Yeah. It's just, he has to say, yes, we will fire the governor of the Bank of Canada. And then he has to pause for a second and say, nous termine l'employement de les governors de la Banque du Canada. It's just, I really enjoyed the idea of a slightly translated Trump in the sense of translated like mathematically where you're like, we're going to find the Canadian equivalent to Elon Musk and Vivek Rawaswamy. And we're going to give them a government department, kind of. Yeah. We're going to get the guy who invented BlackBerry to get the Department of Government Efficiency. We're going to get the research in motion guy. We're going to get the, we're going to get the owner of Barrick Gold to come in, like, you know, try and say, why, why doesn't he see if there's any gold under the houses of parliament? No one's buying my hats that say, faire le canade, faire encore un fois. Well, it just doesn't fit quite as well. It doesn't really trip off the tongue. Yeah. No, but as you say, Luke, right? Like this is the Canadian liberals defense of liberalism is to say liberalism has created a more diverse class of elites. We would be foolish to lose it simply to someone who is, you know, angry in every different direction. Yeah. And I mean, as like, as with the Democrats of the last few years, like they are absolutely convinced, like on a, like, like deep in their bones, they think that like, there's nothing like fundamentally wrong with our society. The problem to be managed is like people's perceptions of like economic and social reality. Like this is a problem of morale. So like the problem isn't that institutions are defective. It's that people are attacking them from the right and from the left. And this is like, yeah, lowered our collective confidence or something. So yeah, we just need to like give people money off Nintendo Switch. And we'll fucking fix that. Yeah. Meanwhile, meanwhile, of course, um, I mentioned earlier, we'll also go back to before I go into a brief article and then we'll close out. When Canada's housing market was first referred to as an unsustainable bubble. I think that was 2011 when that alarm first was sounded in order for the price level of Canadian housing stock and not just in its main cities, not just in Toronto, Vancouver, right? I'm talking about like most of English speaking Canada and increasingly Montreal as well, but most of English speaking Canada for it to get back down to that level. It would need to have a 2007 level crash like eight times for it to get back to unsustainable bubble level. Yeah. We've got to dispatch flow rider to Canada. He's got to like create the conditions for the 2008 crash down so many times. And what I'm, what I'm getting at there is like, that's a, that's a hard problem to solve, right? Like you, you can't just, I know I've mentioned that in a recent show actually with the, with the farmland thing, but it's germane here is that nobody wants to solve the housing crisis because that's difficult to do. You would have to either impose price controls on housing, which they won't, or you'd have to start investing huge amounts of money in public housing, which they also won't. So instead what's going to happen is more and more people are going to be more and more precarious because more and more money is going on at mortgages or rent while food is also getting more and more and more expensive. What is there to defend? Yeah, I have nothing to add to that. I agree. I want to read a brief, I saw this article from a few months ago, but it's, it's germane to our, our discussion today, which is an article in New York times entitled Justin Trudeau is no match for a polarized world. Canada mention. By, uh, by Stephen Marsh. And you know, this number one, by the way, like when this article came out, every Canadian living in Canada got a little ping on their phones from the government. Like great job, everyone. We got mentioned in the New York times. Yeah. Yeah. The annoying texts we get on our phones where like there's like a fucking loud alarm that wakes you up in the night. They designed that system for like nuclear attack warnings, but, uh, they keep using it for shit like this. Yeah. There's an article about Drake in the New York times. Yeah. I wish they wouldn't sound the Canada mentioned alarm for when we get written about in like the Sacramento Bee. Trudeau responding. Like, first of all, thank you for thinking of me. Yeah. So basically this, this article by, by Stephen Marsh begins. The threat to the liberal tradition of Canada is not all Justin Trudeau's fault. The right-wing tide overwhelming global politics has come late, but with pent up vigor to Canada. But polls and by-elections can be poor predictors of electoral viability. A better indicator is the flummoxed figure of Mr. Trudeau himself, who seems increasingly out of touch, again, not with Canada, but with this new world of division and extremism. That's right. I'm afraid the division- Is it really like Cubs at Boulevard? Like, I am, I am lib. It's the world that got rad, you know? Yeah. It says, part of Mr. Trudeau's problem is simple exhaustion, both his own and Canadian voters. He's been in government for eight and a half years, almost nine. During that time, he's been one of the most effective progressive leaders in the world. So, you know, Luke, maybe you should listen to this. His government cut Canada's child poverty in half, legalized marijuana, and ended roughly 100 years of nonsense. The marijuana provision, not nonsense in general. Yeah. Finally, we're putting an end to nonsense. There's been too much nonsense. That's been the problem. All this tomfoolery, the cloud. Do you remember that all of the Canadian government ministers had to travel around in one tiny car and then all get out of the room? Because they're all Shriners, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then one of them would shoot water at the other. And, you know, I will credit them for ending nonsense, but they still haven't legislated an end to hijinks. And until you address that- Yeah, yeah, yeah. When are they going to bring in nonsense? That's what I want to know. There's an enormous amount of foofara remaining in Canada. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, he made large strides in reconciliations with indigenous Canadians. Did he? I don't think he did do that. No, they backtracked on, like, much of their purported agenda there as well. He renegotiated NAFTA with a lunatic president and handled COVID better than most. You don't have to squint too hard to see that he is one of the most competent and transformative prime ministers that this country has ever produced. I don't know. Transformative is like, well, whatever. We know we think about that. Let's move on. There's a lot of other dumb shit in this article. So, much of the article turns on the comparison of Justin Trudeau to his father, Pierre Elliott Trudeau. And the idea was, Pierre Elliott Trudeau- Much of the article turns on the comparison of him to his father, Fidel Castro. Yeah. A much more transformative leader. Yeah. I'm going to argue. Don't argue with that. He says, the liberal technocratic order his government represents has failed to offer a path to a stable, prosperous future, and the identity politics he once embodied have withered into a vacuous schism. I would hate to wither into a vacuous schism. His opponents are well aware of his unpopularity with young voters and have focused conservative attacks on an issue especially important to that cohort, the housing crisis. And then this is where Stephen Marsh says, yes, that Polyev has weaponized the housing crisis to reduce support for immigration in Canada to create more room for the right. To be like, that's not fair. It's not fair to like exploit people being pissed off because they can't afford to live anywhere. Yeah. That's right. And from what I can see in this article, and we both read this, Luke, that this comment is like a centrist Canadian who writes mostly about America, you know, turns back to Canada, doesn't seem to think that the right thing to do is change the economic conditions. He thinks the right thing to do is be more personally pugnacious with Polyev. Lean into your Gavin Newsom. Yeah, that's right. I mean, you know, the point about housing, like, yeah, fine. And then it turns on, like, as everything in this article seems to turn on the idea that like, oh, the government actually, the problem with the Trudeau liberals is like they're not right wing enough. Like this article, and like it gets worse later on when he starts talking about other things. But like this article kind of swings on the idea that like, yeah, I don't know, in order to defend liberal values in a world where, yeah, people are in a world where like people have just soured and it's like the weather and it's not, you know, there's no like political or economic explanation for that. Yeah. You just kind of like look yourself in the mirror and I don't know, get a little more racist, do a little more austerity or whatever. It's yeah, it's I don't know. It's it's really stupid. Go to do like American style attack ads where it's like Pierre Polyev wants you to think he's like you. He goes to the kebab place. He doesn't even get chili sauce. He refuses to call him boss man. He even turns down the pickled peppers. He says they're too spicy. Yeah, it's we sent British consultants to go work on the anti Polyev attack. Yeah. So the first evidence, the prime minister's weakness in the face. of Canada's growing polarization was the government response to the so-called freedom convoy into the trucker protests in 2022. The French fought theirs with tear gas. The moment a convoy sent out from Los Angeles headed for Washington, the Biden administration called in the National Guard. Other countries knew it was time for brute force. Again, it's like the we have a deft sort of switch here from there's a housing crisis that's creating a huge amount of anger with the liberal government to why didn't you call in? Well, ask the Americans to please drone strike the trucker protest. Basically, which is and again, it's like this is a classic kind of writing is saying alighting these things is basically the same because they are attacking our beloved diverse coterie of liberal elites. Essentially, it's time to send in the Canadian Navy SEALs. Yeah. And I should say like just Stephen Marsh, who wrote this writer, I'm intimately familiar with who's made a trade for years of like writing this kind of article where like, I don't know, there are a number of writers like operating in the US context to do this. A number of Canadians where, yeah, they sort of like idealize Canada in this particular way. Like they're all very right wing, but they idealize or like they're right wing in, you know, what they recommend as this article is. But then they have this very sort of like 1970s or 1980s, like liberalish person who went to Upper Canada College, which is like, you know, Canada's eaten basically like they think that like like that, that that kind of person thinks the country is this like big multiracial Switzerland with a Scandinavian welfare state. And they tell Americans this. And like, I feel like Americans believe it because they want to. But then they also do like this other thing, which is just like, yeah, in practice, they're just like taking the most conservative positions imaginable, especially in moments like this. Well, it's like take conservative positions in everything practical and then be a pugnacious liberal rhetorically alone. That's it. They say Drake is Tupac run by the Swiss. So, you know, he says that he's pure, pure Elliot Trudeau's son. So there's a whole thing, you know, his son, pure Elliot Trudeau's son, Fidel Castro's son now seems to believe that telling people to be nice to one another is all he can do. This weakness not only threatens the multicultural society his father founded, wasn't aware of that it threatens progressive values around the world. For many, Canada seemed like a lone candle, a light for the values of pluralism and liberalism as they've now been extinguished elsewhere in the world. Number one, fucking great writing. Really, really good. Ending a sentence with world twice in a row. Great job. Fucking excuse me, mate. We let New Zealanders in. Okay. And so, you know, it's it's yeah, this idea. Canada is a lone candle, a light for the values of pluralism and liberalism that have been extinguished elsewhere in the world. I think we've established pretty well in the last sort of, you know, hour or so that it has not done a particularly good job of keeping that flame alight if it ever lit it at all. Yeah. And the thing that he's recommending is like Canada should become like less liberal. Like it should it should become like a less progressive place. It should like, I don't know, do more conservative things like Justin Trudeau is not like the problem with Justin Trudeau is that he's not displaying like like, I don't know, conservative like hardheadedness. That seems to be the thrust of this article. Well, you know what? The only way to stop a good guy with Polly Eve is a bad guy with a Polly Eve. I can see we've been going for a while now. So I'm going to say, Luke, always a delight to speak to you. Let's not let it go so long again. And people should check out, check you out as an author as well as a podcaster. Yes. Thank you. An absolute pleasure. And yeah, patreon.com slash Michael and us. If you like this show, you'll probably like our show too. But yeah, thank you. Always a pleasure. That's right. And also this is a bonus episode. So thank you for having been a subscriber to this show. Yeah. And don't forget, generate some cues. We're hoping to have a, an infrastructure by which you may ask them and then we will give you A's for a bonus episode over the Christmas period. We will A your cues. So yeah. So do that. Also, are you in Taunton in Somerset? Long shot, I know, but I haven't nearly. You have been hustling this Taunton show for weeks and you told me today it's now mostly full. Which is crazy. It's crazy. Let's, let's sell out a show in Taunton. How insane would that be? Um, also Brussels is now on sale on the 23rd of Jan and, uh, Rotterdam on the 24th. Amsterdam on the 25th should be going on sale soon. Please do buy tickets to those because those are expensive dates to organize. Yeah. All right. All right. Well, thank you everybody. And we will see you on the free episode in a few days. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.