Normal
Full Dope
If you're hearing this, well done.
You've found a way to connect to the internet.
Welcome to the QAA Podcast, Premium Episode 271, Luigi Mangione.
As always, we are your hosts, Julian Fielde, Liv Agar, and Travis View.
Something's fishy.
You're telling me those eyebrows killed a man?
You're telling me that face is the face that finally did something?
Anything?
A whop from a rich family sped away on a bicycle, took a bus and got caught where all contemporary
American moments converge?
A McDonald's in Altoona, Pennsylvania?
Surely nothing can be what it is or what it seems.
Surely it's a secret third thing.
You're telling me back pain took justice into its own hands?
That the pills ran out and all that was left at the bottom of the bottle was three bullets?
Here are some messages of support from the people we serve.
Thank you so much.
And rest in heaven, I don't know why somebody did that.
But prayer's going up.
And y'all just keep going.
Because you guys got good customer service.
And I like your health care.
So I'm not going to switch.
The last two sentences were taken verbatim from an email sent to employees by management
at United Healthcare.
The testimonials were uncredited.
If you want a picture of the present, imagine a patent leather shoe stamping on a human face
forever.
Luigi Mangione signed each of his bullet casings.
Deny.
Delay.
Depose.
Words carved into the flesh of one man.
But in the mass grave, not a single corpse has an entry or exit wound.
The emails they received before they died were unsigned.
If not automated, then functionally indistinguishable.
Soon, deep learning algorithms will clean up the remnants of any crimes having been committed
by human hands.
The evidence will not just be absent.
It won't have existed in the first place.
And so we circle back into the QAA boardroom for another media cycle, shifting our perspectives
to satisfy shareholder curiosity.
With a singular goal.
To maximize your enjoyment of the information we dispense you.
After all, you aren't just a listener.
You're also a customer.
A friend.
A member of the family.
A rat nibbling on your weekly pellet of virtue.
To us, there are no psyops.
Just psy opportunities to better serve you.
We promise you all of this and much, much more.
Because we're there for what matters.
And we're loving it.
And nothing, nothing is as important to us as your health and satisfaction.
We are pleased to bring you a series of products this week.
First, we'll be examining the background of one Luigi Mangione, the 26-year-old who assassinated
the CEO of medical insurance company United Healthcare.
Then we'll be exploring how people have reacted to this bloody cultural moment with a mix of
jubilance, paranoia, and, for the more sheltered among us, haughty reproach.
I mean, speaking of haughty.
What, you're talking about me?
Luigi Mangione.
Oh.
Yeah, of course, him too.
Another Italian man who looks as good as me.
And who is as celebrated in the culture for his good looks.
As universally recognized for being ripped.
I'm forgetting.
Listen, I feel like not a day goes by where people are not hashtagging me with cum gutters
and other such statements.
Quote tweeting, till the room stinks.
My back also hurts.
So, you know, I'm exactly like him, folks.
Do you think there's like a bunch of Italian guys on like Hinge right now who are like,
this is my moment?
Oh, 100%.
I'm sure if you just like track the amount of uses of the flag, it has gone up.
Oh, yeah.
Considerably.
That's right, folks.
We're not just pedophiles and sexual predators.
We're also people who will kill the people you don't like.
Much like the Italian anarchists of yesteryear, we are also making white people like Travis,
who have blonde hair and blue eyes, if you know what I'm saying, stare at the ceiling in
dismay, rolling their eyes at the idea that we would have a moment of pleasure in this
this sordid landscape, this awful reality, that we would have one little orgasm, just
a little death.
That's all we ask for.
It's a tiny squirt.
A tiny squirt.
Yeah.
It's a dribble.
It's not even...
It's not even...
It's not even got distance on it.
This is still just dribbling down the shaft.
And yet some would say, no, no, no.
They would come and ruin our orgasm.
So without further ado, I give you...
Travis already has his head in his hands.
It's going to be a long episode.
And for once, I'm not the one being tortured.
So Liv, take it away.
Also, I do want to say he is ethnically Albanian.
So he is Balkan excellence.
Of course.
That's my...
Yeah.
This is the very first time a Serbian is positive about an Albanian.
And it is incredibly opportunistic.
Please, just go back to your ancient racism.
Show us your true colors.
On December 9th, the feds listed Luigi Mangione as a person of interest related to the killing
of the CEO of UnitedHealthcare.
And as a result, many internet sleuths looked online to see what part of Luigi's digital footprint
they could dredge up to better understand his motivations.
It was interesting.
It was a lot different than I feel like a lot of earlier.
Like, what does his digital footprint look like?
You know, we did it, read it sort of situations.
This one was much more normie, I guess I'll say.
Like, everyone was very invested in this.
It wasn't like the Boston bomber or something.
Yeah, this is a really interesting development in which, like, everyone's kind of like a
baker and investigator now.
Yeah.
Yeah, like everyone wants to know.
Yeah, the point has been made before by the greats over at the Radio War Nerd podcast.
But I will say that it is interesting how much we want to find out about this guy.
Whereas the incredibly nerdy, not very good looking guy who got shot in the face trying
to off the guy that supposedly we all hate even more potentially than UnitedHealthcare guy.
He got zero.
Because, you know what?
We live in the land of Riz.
If you don't got Riz, don't even try to murder someone.
Because we will forget you.
Yeah, I saw that photo of the Trump shooter.
Like, when he was dead and he was all bloody and it gave me the ick.
So I didn't care.
Gross.
This Luigi guy.
Yeah.
God.
The one thing about Luigi I will say is that he is alive.
And that makes me way hornier.
Not to say that the dead don't, um...
Okay, we can move on.
Now, people dredging up his digital footprint was a very strange experience for me personally.
As the more we found out, the more I realized how intimately I understood the cultural context
that he came out of.
Yeah, he's your age, right?
He's...
Yeah, yeah.
And, like, oddly similar subculture stuff.
You know, he worked on Civilization VI in his undergrad.
Like, he's like an RTS guy.
Oh my god.
Bless him.
He had a donkey quote in his yearbook, which I don't know if that means anything to you guys.
Dude, that's a crazy sacrifice.
That means he's going to be in jail when Civ VII releases.
No.
Can you imagine what he gave?
What he gave for us?
People also dug up, you know, his social studies essay in grade 11 about Nietzsche Roman Christianity
and the information about the niche difficult to describe online political circles he frequented.
And I had a grave realization that people who had their minds formed by the same strange
online political context as me are now having an effect on history.
It's like if a Russian anarchist who helped kill the czar was part of the full communism
discord in 2015 or something.
Yeah.
I mean, this is mind-blowing.
And I think what it boils down to is I can't believe someone did something.
That's it.
It feels like there's a kind of defrosting of history almost.
Where it's like, oh, no, no, no.
Things are actually going to happen, you know?
I mean, between this, you know, the kind of the fall of Assad, like it feels like certain
stalemates are at the very least sweating the first drops off the ice block.
Yeah.
One of the things about propaganda of the deed, which is like vaguely related to, I mean,
it's obviously not an explicitly like anarchist ideology.
But I guess the point of propaganda of the deed is that the deed is the propaganda.
Is that like the rich are and historically have been very afraid of it.
Like in the Russian like czar, Russian imperial period, they killed a bunch of them.
Like it was very scary to be for the Russian upper class, for their aristocracy.
And you get a little bit of that for like healthcare CEOs.
And they have clearly reacted to it in a strong way.
Yeah.
People forget that revolution isn't just a leftist thing.
That history yields revolutions.
And that even what the Americans often do abroad, you know, running some of these regime
toppling operations, that they yield a type of revolution.
You know, it's not always for the benefit of mankind.
It's certainly not for, you know, kind of lofty ideals often.
But, you know, it's like, hey, if you're going to ruin the orgasm, the orgasm will still
happen, but it'll be ruined.
So this is what we get.
This is the revolution that we deserve.
Travis not enjoying any of my, any of anything that I'm saying.
Yeah.
I mean, the thing about like elections is there are a release valve of like, I complain and
I get something out of it.
And then if that stops working, you know, if neither side, let's say, is talking about
universal healthcare.
It's like, where does that, where does that stress go in society?
It goes to places that like the state can't really control nearly as much.
When the center cannot hold, things fall apart.
While I became a Marxist in my teen years, it seems that Luigi was pulled in a different
direction.
On this segment, I'll go over what of Luigi's politics we can glean from his posting history,
and then how apparently little a factor this may have been in relation to why he decided
to kill the CEO of a healthcare company.
One of the first indications of Luigi's politics came from his publicly facing Goodreads account.
While this is quite unusual for an American of his age, it does genuinely seem like Luigi
was at least somewhat of a bookworm.
Though if you look through the 65 books he's written reviews for, you'll see that a majority
of them are either cliches within the Western canon, like Brave New World, entrepreneur style
self-help books, or pop history bestsellers like Sapiens.
So he's not, he's not, he's not going like particularly deep on these sort of things.
Yeah, he's kind of, I mean, you know, you mentioned like niche subcultures, and I guess
that is true to a certain extent, but only in as much as the average normie, you know,
with a kind of decently high intelligence is gonna be involved in certain subcultures.
That's almost a normie thing now.
I don't know.
He was like messaging like the kind of like alt tech, like substack guys.
Okay, okay.
Yeah, he was definitely deep.
Like he was like reading Lindy Man tweets.
I do think he was, he was deeper in it.
For how long, I'm not sure, because we only really have his like proper internet presence
for the last couple years.
But no, I think he was, I do think he was a weirdo, like, or he is a weirdo, I guess.
He's not dead.
He's still gone.
The most noteworthy of these Goodreads reviews, I think, was of Ted Kaczynski's manifesto.
He gave the book four stars less than he gave the Lorax and said this.
Clearly written by a mathematics prodigy, reads like a series of lemmas on the question of
21st century quality of life.
It's easy to quickly and thoughtless write this off as the manifesto of a lunatic in
order to avoid facing some of the uncomfortable problems it identifies.
But it's simply impossible to ignore how prescient many of his predictions about modern
society turned out.
He was a violent individual, rightfully imprisoned, who maimed innocent people.
While these actions tend to be characterized as those of a crazy Luddite, however, they are
more accurately seen as those of an extreme political revolutionary, a take I found online
that I think is interesting.
Quote,
Had the balls to recognize the peaceful protest has gotten us absolutely nowhere, and at
the end of the day, he's probably right.
Oil barons haven't listened to any environmentalists, but they feared him.
When all other forms of communication fail, violence is necessary to survive.
You may not like his methods, but to see things from his perspective, it's not terrorism.
It's war and revolution.
Fossil fuel companies actively suppress anything that stands in their way, and within a generation
or two, it will begin costing human lives by greater and greater magnitudes until the
earth is just a flaming ball orbiting third from the sun.
Peaceful protest is outright ignored.
Economic protest isn't possible in the current system.
So how long until we recognize that violence against those who lead us to such destruction is
justified as self-defense?
These companies don't care about you, or even your kids, or your grandkids.
They have zero qualms about burning down the planet for a buck, so why should we have any
qualms about burning them down to survive?
We're animals, just like everything else on this planet, except we've forgotten the law
of the jungle and bend over for our overlords when any other animals would recognize the threat
and fight to the death for their survival.
Violence never solved anything is a statement uttered by cowards and predators.
Now, I will point out that many in liberal culture lionize people whose pasts have been kind of
washed of their support of violence in the name of good causes.
Mandela, in fact, was a proponent of the armed faction of his political party.
You know, it's like that is the function of modern capitalism, is to kind of turn these people
into a sanitized product and ignore the fact that when history pushes us to violence,
violence occurs.
It's not a moral statement for violence.
It's not a support of violence in and of itself.
But after a certain point, when you push people to the edge, what happens?
They turn violent.
And then, of course, we can say, well, look at these violent people.
I mean, it's something that we've seen in Palestine, certainly.
Any resistance to the Israeli occupying state is wrong.
But would you say that about South Africa, you know, when it was still in apartheid?
I mean, I don't know.
Just something to consider, folks.
There was essentially an identical discourse in Algeria when the French occupied it.
But in retrospect, people are like, oh, yeah, I mean, of course, decolonization,
that was a good thing.
Yeah.
It's like, well, how did we get to that point?
Of course.
And pulling people off the street and choking them out in a jail cell and then saying they
had a heart attack, you know, I mean, there's all these like muffled forms of violence.
And of course, there's the kind of systemic violence that we are increasingly washing our
hands of through technology, through bureaucracy.
But I mean, is that not violence?
And also, I would point out, people want you to be horrified by this.
Do you know how much horrifying shit I consume in a given day?
I mean, this was a point you made, Travis.
It's like, I'm sorry, this does not shock me.
I am not like, oh, my, oh, oh, the humanity.
It's like, do you know what we're reading about every day?
Do you know the data that we have to take in on things like climate change, on things
like health care?
I mean, I don't know.
We consume so much horrifying information, just information about casualties of where we're
heading, casualties of choices that are made oftentimes through committee or even just
by the prevailing system that we choose to support tacitly or openly.
So I don't know.
Am I supposed to be shocked?
The liberal image of representational politics only works when you represent people.
When you don't, then they do shit like this.
Yeah.
If there's no lever that connects you to the supposed leaders in a democracy, then is it
democracy?
Like the fact that it's on health care, which was like one of the demands of like the left
Democrat faction that got completely crushed.
By the Democrats.
Yeah, yeah, of course.
It's so perfect here because it's like, wow, maybe this guy would have actually had
like a liberal representational, you know, image of politics if one of the sides was like,
yeah, yeah, no, if we get power in the state, we're going to stop all these health care insurance
companies.
And this is the trick also of having a system that essentially oppresses people in a kind
of decentralized manner through, you know, just profit incentive, pushing people to do
a certain thing.
And if this CEO wasn't in that position, it would be another guy in that position.
That's why it's so hard to say this person deserves death, because if not him, someone
else.
It is really the system.
But there's only so much you can tell people, hey, it's just the system.
It's just the system.
There's no one you can point your fingers to.
Nobody.
Nobody's doing this to you.
So who is doing this?
Why is this still happening?
Ted K has been gaining a bit of a resurgence among Zoomers online.
He's sort of a perfect figure for the weird, ironic, radical online political spaces that
both I and I'm fairly certain Luigi are well familiar with.
Ted K, huh?
Is he like your buddy?
Or more Ted?
Teddy K, you know, as we know him in our circles.
He has a bunch of wacky ideas delivered in a rhetorically powerful way that are very difficult
to place on the political spectrum.
Given that Luigi was actually somewhat of a bookworm, I'm fairly certain he actually read
the manifesto before leaving this review.
And he wasn't merely saying he thought it was cool because of some memes he saw online,
which is very common, especially among like left-wing guys who are like, yeah, Ted Kaczynski,
he agrees with me.
Yeah, I would never agree with him.
I just play as the Ted Kaczynski skin in Fortnite.
Yeah, it's where they added that.
That's the correct way to express political opinions.
But if you've actually gone through his manifesto, a lot of it is batshit insane.
Delving into it a bit might give us a better perspective on Luigi's political affiliations.
Kaczynski is, importantly, a very right-wing figure.
He sees the rot at the center of modern society as being a direct consequence of the technological
society.
Not capitalism or the state or class division, but the unnaturalness of the technological
apparatus that we have built modern society around.
It's not so much that pre-industrial society is good for him, it's nasty, brutish, and short.
But instead, that our modern way of life centered around technology is antithetical to human
nature.
To quote from the manifesto,
The positive ideal that we propose is nature.
That is, wild nature.
Those aspects of the functioning of the earth and its living things that are independent of
human management and free of human interference and control.
And with wild nature, we include human nature, by which we mean those aspects of the functioning
of the human individual that are not subject to regulation by organized society, but are
products of chance or free will or God, depending on your religious or philosophical opinions.
See, this again is the result of like the unsigned death warrant, right?
That capitalism essentially can freely generate.
There is no signature.
It's not capitalism.
It's technology, a crony capitalism.
It's something else.
It's some secret third thing.
And we just need to find that.
Kaczynski bases a lot of this on Elul, who's a Christian anarchist, who also has very silly
opinions about like the problem is industrialization.
Like, oh, before that, societies didn't care about like techne or technology as a way of
like automating, which is like not really true.
Yeah.
People also misunderstand capitalism.
I mean, I remember once having a drunken conversation in a hotel lobby with a guy who
genuinely did not understand when I asked him, do you think that before capitalism, people
didn't trade things?
Like, do you know what mercantilism is?
You know, do you think there would be no markets if capitalism didn't exist?
Because we live in such an advanced stage of hypercapitalization that people often just
confuse it for consumerism or trading in general or a monetary system.
We can see that even in Luigi's review, he's taken this sort of message to heart.
We are animals, but modern technology has alienated us from our animalness.
This view is fundamentally cynical at a much deeper level than almost any other form of
politics that condemns conservatives for not being conservative enough as they support
the engines of economic and technological progress that have destroyed, quote unquote,
traditional life.
So what are the chances here that Luigi once at least tried drinking his own urine or did
some Wim Hof breathing or took an ice bath?
I do wonder because he definitely is like he got into psychedelics.
Yeah.
Float tank, maybe.
Yeah.
That's what a lot of these confused like back to nature guys love.
It seems like he was interested in those biohacker kind of circles.
Yes, absolutely.
Yeah.
That's one of the big issues with this idea of like, we need to get back to human nature.
It's so kind of intangible that you end up injecting yourself with stuff or, you know,
trying to eat differently to fix the problem or, you know, relying on more and more arcane
solutions proposed by hucksters who promised that this actually existed thousands of years ago
and people have been drinking their piss.
Yeah.
It makes a weird distinction between human culture and nature as if they're like distinct
things because like culture is a part of nature.
Yeah.
As if we aren't a development of nature and our technologies aren't a development of us.
It has this idea of a holistic perception of reality and, you know, like all these things
that we engage in.
And yet it still has to separate part of it and say, no, no, no.
This part is unnatural, you know, as if animals with lesser technologies haven't in the past
poisoned their own food supply or overrun the carrying capacity.
It's important to note that Ted is far from a leftist and he dedicates quite a bit of the
early parts of the manifesto to how much he hates the modern left.
This is for a lot of reasons.
They're politically correct.
They're virtue signalers.
They hate America because it's strong and successful.
But fundamentally, Ted just believes that left-wing values connected to economic progress and
technological development are antithetical to human nature.
As he writes in the manifesto,
Generally speaking, the goals of today's leftists are not in conflict with the accepted morality.
On the contrary, the left takes an accepted moral principle, adopts it as its own, and
then accuses mainstream society of violating that principle.
Examples.
Racial equality.
Equality of the sexes.
Helping poor people.
Peace as opposed to war.
Nonviolence generally.
Freedom of expression.
Kindness to animals.
More fundamentally, the duty of the individual to serve society and the duty of society to
take care of the individual.
All these have been deeply rooted values of our society, or at least of its middle and
upper classes, for a long time.
These values are explicitly or implicitly expressed or presupposed in most of the material presented
to us by the mainstream communications media and the educational system.
Damn, what not understanding Marx or neoliberalism does to an MF-er.
It's crazy.
It's just like the missing piece.
It's literally, it's like, this is what fucking happens when you cleanse your society completely
of like socialist and communist ideology.
When you spend years during the Cold War scrubbing away at it so that it is not even on the political
spectrum.
And then you get MF-ers like this.
Yeah, it is interesting.
Because like Ted is very rhetorically strong.
Like he's, he's obviously quite brilliant.
And like one of the main problems with him is that he takes a sort of possibly anti-capitalist
resistance energy and feeds it towards this very trad sort of perspective.
But the real problem is we need to return to tradition and any sort of movement forward is
like making us even more unnatural.
Like the bad things that you feel will get even worse if we, if we follow the left, if we live
up to these values.
Ted in a way was kind of a harbinger of what was to come with like the new right and this
weird kind of like alternative right.
And I'm not using it in the alt-right framework.
I'm really saying like a form of anti-capitalist right-wing thinking that essentially erases all
analysis of capitalism and does not object to capitalism in essence.
Right.
Which is nothing new in the sense that like that kind of was fascism.
Like a lot of them, you know, there's this return to tradition sort of modern society.
But then, you know, also with like corporatism that like we need some sort of left-wing opposition
to some bad parts of capitalism that obviously didn't manifest itself practically in fascist
ideology.
It was like an ideal that like a lot of the early fascists had.
But then like there was like a period, especially after World War II, where that went away, a dormant
period.
And then you, as Julian, you said like the like new right kind of had this resurgence where
they're like, no, we can take these energies and push people towards the far right.
For Ted, traditional values are quote unquote natural and in agreement with human nature.
So-called primitive societies were sexist, tribalistic, and violent.
But that is who we are.
And the reason modern humans feel bad is because we can no longer live that life.
All of this lovey-dovey crap by the left is a cynical ploy by caged animals to help
further domesticate their brethren in order to gain favor with their captors.
It seems like this general vision of politics is something that Luigi himself was at the very
least sympathetic to.
And you could say like, oh, this is kind of a normie opinion.
And in a certain sense, that's true.
Although like, I don't know, I think it's I think it's worth analyzing it for what it
is, even if like a lot of modern society believes it.
Because it's like, I mean, yeah, that's kind of how you get fascism is like a lot of society
appears this way to a lot of people.
It's an easy opinion to get people to be sympathetic to.
This is what happens when you think you're like fully rational and you're unaware of your
own ideology, the ideology that you swim in, the ideology that from which you generate
your concept of what is natural and rational.
Yeah.
The most clear indication of this from Luigi, other than his review of the Univar Manifesto,
comes from his Twitter.
In April of 2024, for instance, he said this.
Modern Japanese urban environment is an evolutionary mismatch for the human animal.
The solution to falling birth rates isn't immigration, it's cultural.
Encourage natural human interaction, sex, physical fitness and spirituality.
Ban Tenga fleshlights and Japan real hole custom porn star pocket pussies being sold in
Don Quixote grocery stores.
What the fuck?
I don't feel like it.
I love this.
This is exactly that.
This is how you derail a train.
It's awesome.
God damn it.
You're like, and so for my analysis, a couple of like decent things and then pocket pussies.
On pocket pussies.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, I know.
Okay.
It's funny.
It's like when I first, the first thing I heard is that he was an admirer of Kaczynski's
philosophy.
He's like, oh, some kind of like anti-left anarchist.
But no, he wants stronger regulation on the sex products.
Yeah.
And it's so funny because it's like, it isn't immigration.
As if immigration was a solution rather than a entirely natural process that has happened
throughout all of history that we've made political and pretended was some sort of choice
of the state.
Now, the creation of the state, of course, is essentially a form of protection against the
natural flows of human beings in and out of territories, which has happened since time
immemorial, or as a very smart actor recently said online, time immemorial.
It goes on.
Replace conveyor belt sushi and restaurant vending machine ordering with actual human interaction
with a waiter.
This I like because it's like, well, is the waiter going to be rolling sushi on his body
and is he going to lay down horizontally?
Just replace the conveyor belt itself with a person.
And they have to have like the muscle control.
They're like belly dancers.
They're moving the sushi trays down their nude bodies.
I'm down.
Replace 24-7 e-sports cafes where young males earn false fitness signals via Tekken fighting
and Overwatch shooting games with athletics and school.
Ah, yes.
The JFK approach.
Heavily stigmatized maid cafes where lonely salarymen pay young girls to dress as anime
characters and perform anime dances for them.
Revitalize traditional Japanese culture, Shintoism, Okinawan karate, onsen, etc.
Karate is such a cool one because like it's like mainland Japan, like taking a fighting
style from like basically essentially a colonial occupied territory and being like it's like
it's a very artificial thing to reference.
It's also incredible for a few reasons.
One of them is that he's essentially doing like highbrow Jake Paul visiting the suicide
forest.
You know what I mean?
But also because he's essentially positioning himself on the other side of the gun of another
stochastic terrorist who took out a powerful man.
He's like saying, I am getting shot by this makeshift gun.
Because yeah, this is like imperial Japanese and right wing Japanese thought.
Yeah, that is ironic.
You either die the guy who killed Shinzo Abe or live long enough to see yourself become
Shinzo Abe.
That's how fucking confused we are.
You know, it's like there is no solidarity because we're just so mentally fucking confused
that naturally because we are atomized and we cannot kind of essentially change that,
nor does organization kind of overcome the sheer power of the system that we are in.
And so you end up this atomized popcorn kernel.
I think Matt Chrisman talked about that, that stochastic violence would always be single popcorn
kernels just kind of popping off one by one, you know, in an accelerating manner.
And I do feel like we are, we are starting to see the popping process.
Yeah.
I saw a lot of people coping about this supposedly not being right wing, but it's very obviously
like Ted K style conservatism.
It is interesting.
I do feel like Luigi structures a lot of his politics around like what feels good to him,
which we can also talk about like his disability later and how that has like an effect in it.
But like you see that a lot with like guys in their 20s.
It's like I go to the gym all the time now and I go outside and I feel so much better.
And like, why don't we have a society where everyone goes to gym and goes outside?
Like that's my politics.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And people are encouraging that through this kind of individualistic conception of intuition,
you know, and self-actualization.
It's like I am doing these things for myself as an individual and I crave a system that
would kind of naturally encourage this and join me to my fellow man.
And the closest I can come to imagining that is essentially, you know, an individualistic
approach to politics and opinion forming.
But basically, according to this image that Luigi puts forward, like all animals are driven
to reproduce.
Modern society has alienated us from our basic human instinct to such an extent that we're
no longer doing that.
The solution is to return to supposedly traditional culture that's more in tune with our nature.
He's like crying at all the lost cum, lost to pocket pussies along the way.
Oh, how we would be bountiful.
Luigi, come on, man.
Like if we fuck more, we're just going to overrun this earth and consume it.
Like if you're if you care about like natural things, then you would understand, you know,
carrying capacity and stuff like that.
That even the natural world, completely bereft of our evil technologies and artificial systems,
they sometimes fucking cause their own extinction, too.
Yeah.
So we again, the nature culture distinction of like surely more traditional cultures are more
in tune.
And it's like, no, no, no.
If you were a Japanese peasant in the like the like warlord period, your life would probably
not be very good.
You would not you would still not be happy, even though that's before the Industrial
Revolution.
You're just like tied to your like land.
You have to farm for 10 hours a day.
I don't know.
You wouldn't like it as well.
It would still suck.
It's not that.
That's not the answer.
Yeah.
Strangely, it is kind of historically agnostic, which I think a lot of this new content is
it kind of builds up the brain for like a new generation of, you know, crypto entrepreneurs
and people who call capitalism crony capitalism and think that it is some sort of natural order,
you know, that capitalism expresses and aligns with some sort of natural like dog eat dog
order of things.
But then doesn't really have the ability to synthesize history in any other way than to
just go better back then.
Something else I found is Luigi was in some sort of correspondence with this like intellectual
dark web, I guess, kind of like biohacking alt tech substack account where he talks about
his trip to Japan and he says, like, it's the most NPC filled country I've ever been
in.
So he definitely kind of has that image.
You're looking at one of the most like culture cultures like that.
This is this is what it looks like to have a society.
Yeah.
They're NPCs as in they are not like profoundly individualistic.
Yeah.
There's an irony.
You're decrying the pocket pussies of the Hikikomori.
You're saying, oh, the problem here is that these these disaffected individualists, you
know, basically ignoring the rise of capitalism in Japan and the bubble, you know, in the 80s
and 90s and stuff.
Yeah.
It's so incredible because, yeah, you you managed to be basically you get the worst of
all worlds, right?
Unable to identify the general problem.
And this is why when I kind of went over his stuff briefly and kind of try to figure out,
you know, where is he coming from?
It made me think of that Anton Chigarh line in No Country for Old Men where it's like,
if your rule brought you to this, then what good was your rule?
Except it's like kind of the opposite here.
It's like if your rule, which is confused as, you know, online bullshit brought you to
this, then your rule, I guess, was good.
Like, it's unclear.
Like, we can't have the heroes we deserve.
We literally it's designed so we can't have the heroes we deserve.
People are confused.
And this is the way that they act out.
Yeah, you're not going to get almost anybody that isn't confused.
Elsewhere, I found Luigi approvingly tweeting a clip of Tucker Carlson arguing that postmodern
architecture is designed to destroy your spirit.
The public spaces are beautiful.
The architecture has not been degraded by postmodern, the oppression of postmodern architecture,
which is designed to to demoralize and hurt you and destroy your spirit.
I believe that because it's true.
Do you believe that postmodern architecture is designed to kill your spirit?
Of course.
What's the message of it?
Well, look, anything that we make with our hands, it's the purest expression of our creativity.
So there's a purpose behind everything that we make.
There's a message behind all of it, as there is in all art.
You don't paint a painting with no vision behind it.
You paint a painting because you're saying something.
And so buildings that are warm and human and that elevate the human spirit are pro-human.
And brutalism, for example, or the I am peg glass boxes that crowd every city in the United
States, those are not elevating.
What's the message of working in a cube in a room with a synthetic drop ceiling and drywall
on the walls and fluorescent lighting ahead of you and no privacy at all?
What's the message?
The message is really clear.
You mean nothing.
You are replaceable.
You are a widget in a bin awaiting assembly.
You're just a cog in a machine.
You have no value.
And everyone kind of ignores this like, oh, well, that's the way buildings have always
been.
No, that's not true.
And architecture and anything made by human hands is the purest expression of the society
that produced it.
So we were like, oh, they're handicrafts.
No, they're not handicrafts.
They're a visible and tangible sign of who you are, not just as a person, but corporately
as a society.
And if you live in a place that creates nothing beautiful and doesn't provide people uplifting
buildings to live and work in, that's a very sick and dark society.
And it wasn't always that way.
There's an irony here because he's praising like post-Soviet architecture.
Like he's talking about his trip to Russia, which feels like a more brutalist country
than America.
But you can see how that's this sort of return to tradition image is like pretty congruent
with fascist ideology.
I would love to just, you know, kind of put this entire fucking speech to images of people
working in the frozen dinner factories that he comes from, you know, that formed him.
Oh, is this not alienating to you, sir?
What kind of architecture is this?
God, the man just, he's like totally, obviously kind of tacitly in favor of industrialization.
And yet, you know, totally alienated by the accompanying aesthetics and architecture.
Yeah, there is an irony because the thing Ted says, my boy Ted K says about the right is
totally correct in this case, that it's like they decry a return to tradition and then
they just support all of the things that increase economic developments and technology.
So it's not, you don't really care about that.
This is like a rhetorical thing.
So you're trying to harvest people to be sympathetic to your cause.
Yeah, you're not going to decry Elon Musk's design.
You're telling me the cyber truck is a warm car that's like inviting.
I mean, Jesus fucking Christ.
The future that you and yours are designing is way worse than any of the architecture that
you're currently complaining about.
Plus any attempt to make it warm by using graffiti or all these kind of like acts of resistance
by a community on the architecture that is, you know, kind of serving as this like blank
alienating facade.
These people would hate that, right?
It's like, no, no, no.
Those are criminals that are defacing a building.
I mean, these people complain when you fucking burn down a fucking Walmart.
Oh, Walmart is warm.
How inviting.
What about the business owners?
I do love also their hatred of 15 minute cities.
Like, yeah, we should live in a fucking suburb where all of the houses look identical.
Let me ride in my big ass truck that is totally not alienating.
It has nothing to do with brutalism.
I'm getting in my Hummer.
These sort of contradictions are interesting because this sort of trad Ted K stuff is not
all that can be gleaned from Luigi's digital footprint as concerns his politics.
A difficult component of his belief system that's difficult to ignore looking at this footprint
is some sort of oddly placed techno optimism as well.
Because he is absolutely a tech pro and got his bachelor and master's degree in computer
science specializing in AI, machine learning.
For Ted K guy, he's oddly optimistic about the future.
Here's one thread he posted in January of 2024, for instance.
I used to get bummed in math class when learning theorems.
All the low-hanging fruit has been solved before I was born.
If I was alive at the time of Pythagoras, I could have easily derived the Pythagorean theorem
and etched my place in history.
But now I feel lucky for my 21st century education.
I get to simply download the knowledge of all who came before me, allowing me to stand
on their shoulders and ponder new problems they never would have had access to.
If 5th century BC Pythagoras discovered algebraic theorems, if 19th century Darwin discovered
the evolution of species, then what topics does the 21st century mind explore?
I'd say evolutionary psychology, primitive neuroscience, and information networks.
It's sort of hard to explain how to square this circle, other than to give more context
in relation to the type of guys that Luigi was palling around with online, which mainly
seem to be the accelerationist, TPOT, gray tribe, intellectual dark web circles, which
are all nonsense words, and if you didn't understand any of them, that's good for you.
Yes, keep your brain.
Yeah.
What I can broadly say is that this circle has effectively become the guiding ideology of
the conservative parts of Silicon Valley.
Think Peter Thiel and Elon Musk.
And if you remember an episode I did from a few years ago, The Collins Family, aka the elite
eugenics couple breeding to save mankind.
Likely the only page you would recognize from Mangione's sub-stack recommendation list is Sam
Harris, although the rest of them are all fairly in line with his sort of political leanings.
Skimming a few of the sub-stack pages he recommended, you see an equally strong pull in them between
techno-optimism, related to all the amazing things that might be possible because of AI,
and techno-pessimism, but all the negative effects of modern technology and society more broadly
on the physical and mental well-being of individuals.
There's both an emphasis on rationality and trust in the scientific method as a mechanism
to understand social problems, and also an interest in irrational mysticism and a return
to traditional pre-modern values.
If you want me to tie a bow in this intellectual circle so that you can understand how these
things are possibly congruent, I'm sorry to say that they generally aren't to me.
Yeah.
He's like, you know, a literate, curious, intelligent person, but he's also a person, and people
generally don't have coherent ideologies.
I'm less confused about it with Luigi and more about the circle in general, about like
how they're all like, no, no, no, yeah, this is, modern society is bad, but then we're
going to use AI to like create a society that like is good for us.
So it's a weird like Ted Kaczynski, but then also accelerationism of like, we can't go
back.
So we have to keep going forward, even though we're kind of sad about it because traditional
values.
It really just seems to me to be like the product of a bunch of tech guys in Silicon
Valley who realize that going outside makes you feel good.
And it's harder to go outside if you have a desk job of like, I'm invested in tech development
and I'm optimistic about it.
And I bought this.
But then also like, you know, like with what was the thing with Jack Dorsey where like he was
living in a shack for years?
Yeah.
Like they're all like this.
They're all like, what is the awful creation I have put upon mankind?
It's so terrible.
We must return.
But then also, you know, let's keep it going.
But then he, yeah, he's also the investor in the new ex.
So it's like, yeah, of course, shed my skin so I can rebuy it at a lower cost.
This worldview has become very influential in the tech scene.
One of the best examples of this I can think of comes from the CEO of OpenAI.
So the people who made Chachibuti, Sam Altman, who is simultaneously both horrified at the
terrible technology he's unleashed onto the world and gleeful at the future post-scarcity
society that AI is about to supposedly unleash.
Like every once in a while, because I click on them now.
So my like whatever AI like headline suggester thing for news articles keeps feeding me Sam
Altman stuff.
And each time it's a quote that's like completely contradictory to the last one.
Like he just is saying, which I guess if you're like a Silicon Valley guy, it's like
you say whatever you fucking want to investors.
So I wonder if that culture is kind of bled into a lot of the weird like alt tech like
influencers of like, surely this is like rational and it makes sense because it feels correct.
Like both of those things feel correct, even if they're contradictory.
Yeah, it reminds me kind of of Karp, the head of Palantir, where he has like a PhD, I believe
it's sociology.
And yet he's talking like Dick Cheney.
Right.
Seeing all this information about Luigi's digital footprint in the days following his name being
listed as the prime suspect in the murder of the UnitedHealthcare CEO made me quite worried
that we would have a Ted Kaczynski copycat of sorts.
A guy with very weird politics who has chosen this moment to advertise his beliefs to the
world.
Given how haught he is and adored by quite a few people online, it could have been a lot
worse.
Yet I was quite pleasantly surprised to hear the actual so-called manifesto that Luigi had
in his possession when the police arrested him.
While the media refused to release it, only quoting choice sentences from it, it was eventually
leaked by a friend of the pod, Ken Klipperstein.
Uh, Klippenstein.
I know, but it's like a, it's like how, uh, what's her name?
Joanne Reed pronounced his name.
Um.
To the feds, I'll keep this short because I do respect what you do for our country.
To save you a lengthy investigation, I state plainly that I wasn't working with anyone.
This was fairly trivial.
Some elementary social engineering, basic CAD, a lot of patience.
The spiral notebook, if present, has some straggling notes and to-do lists that illuminate the
gist of it.
Sorry, I am very sick.
Oh my god, poor Travis.
We brought him in weak, by the way, folks.
We inoculated him so he wouldn't be able to fight back against me and live during this
episode.
My tech is pretty locked down because I work in engineering, so probably not much info
there.
I do apologize for any strife or traumas, but it had to be done.
Frankly, these parasites simply had it coming.
A reminder, the U.S. has the number one most expensive healthcare system in the world, yet
we rank roughly number 42 in life expectancy.
United is the indecipherable, largest company in the U.S. by market cap, behind only Apple,
Google, Walmart.
It has grown and grown, but has our life expectancy?
No.
The reality is, these indecipherable have simply gotten too powerful, and they continue
to abuse our country for immense profit because the American public has allowed them to get
away with it.
Obviously, the problem is more complex, but I do not have the space, and frankly, I do
not pretend to be the most qualified person to lay out the full argument.
But many have illuminated the corruption and greed, e.g. Rosenthal Moore, decades ago, and
the problem simply remains.
It is not an issue of awareness at this point, but clearly power games at play.
Evidently, I am the first to face it with such brutal honesty.
This is so amazing because the sentence, no, the reality is these indecipherable have simply
gotten too powerful.
That could not be a more perfect expression.
The subject of his wrath is literally indecipherable.
In what may be the most baffling turn of events in this story, an American political assassin
has decided to treat the very severe deed he committed with some sort of respect.
No mention of Japanese pocket pussies or artificial intelligence or DEI, just a reference to two
critics of the healthcare industry, journalist Elizabeth Rosenthal and Michael Moore, and
a humble request that while he's not an expert in politics, something must be done about
the situation.
Truly, truly remarkable.
Truly Balkan excellence.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, this is why people thought it was a professional hit.
It's like when Jokic arrived in the NBA.
It's like, wait, this guy?
Like, I don't get it.
As it turns out, Luigi's personal life is actually a much more important piece of the
puzzle as concerns the radical nature of what he did.
Even on his social media profiles, like Twitter and Goodreads, he touched an image of what
looks to be an x-ray of his back after a spinal infusion surgery, with four metal rods sticking
into his body.
A Reddit account that seems to track very directly with Mangione's life profile frequented a
subreddit for people with spondylolisthesis, a condition related to a vertebrae of the spine
slipping out of alignment.
Sometime in 2023, his back pain got considerably worse as a result of a surfing accident.
And this is when he had to get the spinal fusion surgery as a corrective measure.
Yeah, degenerate California culture claims another victim.
Surfing.
Well, on his Reddit account, Luigi initially stated after getting the surgery that it had
improved his pain.
But a journalist working for Barstool Sports, which is the funniest group to get this insider
scoop, interviewed a friend of his who said this.
Back injury happened when he was surfing in Hawaii.
Hey, surgery didn't go great.
Moved to Japan.
Also, you just said Barstool Sports in the most Canadian way I've ever heard you say anything.
What?
Barstool Sports.
Did I say Barstool?
You said Barstool.
We love it.
It's clear that Luigi developed a very negative attitude towards the healthcare industry as
a result of the surgery, if he didn't have it before this.
Replying this to a user on Reddit who asked how people managed to get surgeons to work on
their back if they're under 35.
One, keep trying different surgeons.
Nobody will operate on my back until I'm at least 40.
It's nonsense coming from a medical professional who lacks perspective.
If your back is broken and it's unlivable, age has nothing to do with it.
Good surgeons understand this and will operate on you based on your symptoms plus anatomy.
Two, tell them you are unable to work.
Do your job.
We live in a capitalist society.
I found that the medical industry responds to these key words far more urgently than you
describing unbearable pain and how it's impacting your quality of life.
Oh my God, you're almost there.
Luigi!
He's so close.
You're so fucking close.
Oh my God, they respond better to, I will become a better worker than, I'm in unbearable
pain and my quality of life sucks shit.
You're so close, Luigi!
Luigi!
Luigi!
Three, plan Z.
Fake a foot drop or piss yourself.
This is a nuclear option, but there comes a point where it's just ridiculous that people
won't operate on your broken spine.
God, man, I really feel for him because back pain is so fucking unbearable.
It just wears you down over time.
I've had chronic back and like shoulder pain my whole life and it is so difficult.
And the medical profession is just so unadapted currently to dealing with it.
You know, I have private healthcare and it's very hard to get the different people who look
at you to communicate with each other and come up with a single answer.
You know, it feels like a bunch of isolated moments in offices where they tell you, well,
we just kind of don't know.
Yeah, just like shuffled around to different people.
It's like, maybe it's this?
I don't know.
Look at this other guy.
It's like, I don't know.
Maybe it's another thing.
Yeah.
It's obviously still like that in even countries without, you know, this level of privatized
healthcare, but that makes it so much worse.
Yeah.
Well, it also makes it feel awful because every time you go and try to get more information
or some sort of answer, you're paying so much fucking money that eventually just what
it does to your finances starts to weigh on you so that you just don't keep seeking.
You're like, fuck it.
I just fucking, I'm just going to have to just deal with it day to day.
And, you know, I no longer have curiosity after watching my bank account get wrecked.
Right.
Like if you have a broken arm, it's like, okay, I'll go and pay money and then I won't
have the broken arm.
Like they'll fix it.
But it's like, if I have a broken arm and I go to the doctor and there's like a 20% chance
they're like, you have a broken arm.
Here's the splint for it.
And it's far less, you know, you're far less motivation.
Obviously this combines with the fact that the healthcare industry tries to make up surge,
you know, claims and challenges to essentially wear you down to where you don't bother anymore.
It's all just a hellish process.
The closest they've come to giving me a diagnosis is that I have Tarkov spine.
Is that, oh, like the game?
Yes.
Okay.
Okay.
I was like, I don't know.
Maybe that's real.
I don't.
Fuck, it's not landing.
Yes.
The video game.
The thing about Tarkov spine is that it does sound like a real condition.
I know.
Right.
All right.
Well, Fortnite spine will work better.
I didn't want to laugh if it was real.
I was worried.
That's very kind of you, Liv.
Thank you.
It's like the game.
It's like, no, no, no, no, no.
It's a terrible condition I have.
Oh, no, no, no.
Just a Russian man was the first to understand this condition I'm in.
According to Luigi's friend, he cut off contact with friends and family sometime after he got
his surgery.
And news about him killing a healthcare CEO is the first many of them have heard of him in a while.
As it turns out, the extended Mangione family is quite wealthy, with Luigi attending a prestigious
private school.
It was insane to see like the blue check Twitter lib guys being like, oh, this privileged male,
you know, white male rage.
Like, oh, it turns out he couldn't fuck because of his back pain.
Like, oh, classic incel dude bro behavior.
Not understanding that this is a perfect representation of the way they always tell people the economy's
doing great.
And then the lived experience of people being so fucking different.
They can't possibly understand that this guy's quality of life got so bad that he fucking
flipped.
It's like, well, what do you mean?
Why don't you just fucking use fucking privilege on your spine, bro?
You've got so much of it.
It seemed like Luigi had a bright future, being the valedictorian of his high school
and having a graduate degree from an Ivy League.
And he did.
Sorry.
Getting a couple in right before we switch to Travis's, which is, you know, going to be
probably a little tamer than this.
This is my time to go wild.
Some people have posited that radicalization happened as a result of Luigi turning 26 and
going off his family's health insurance.
Although he talks about being 23 in 2023 on Reddit, the same year he got the surgery.
So it seems more likely that even having a wealthy family does not stop the health insurance
process from being awful enough to make a guy like Luigi Mangione kill someone over
it.
This might be an important lesson as concerns how radicalized a lot of Summers have gotten
because of weird internet subcultures.
When things start to get real, some people at least will cling to what they are actually
sure of.
And being like, you know, a trad minarchist, GIAC, propertarian, whatever weird, specific,
unique ideology you have will matter a whole lot less.
Yeah, you're like, OK, clearly I am clouded and all these concepts are failing me.
Let's just identify one definite bad guy and kill him.
And then that's why I think, you know, the kind of media class is so alarmed is because
they saw a certain amount of glee from across the aisles in America, American terms at the
very least.
Yeah.
The main component of Ted K, it seems, that got through to Luigi in this case was the belief
that violence works, an idea that appears to be completely correct.
It is so funny to see all the people who are like, you know, why don't why don't we think
of the CEO billionaire's family like violence never solves anything.
Violence doesn't do anything.
It's like it clearly objectively has done something.
Yeah.
And history also proves that that's just not the case.
I'm sorry.
Like, you don't get justice.
You don't change society, historically speaking, without a large amount of violence.
Does that mean that everyone who participates in the violence is like, man, I love this
violence?
No.
Violence sucks.
But it is also part of human life.
And if you do violence to people in a decentralized or centralized way, eventually they're going to
fucking respond with violence.
The moral judgment of that is totally separate.
You can be like, I don't like violence, but yet my hand is being forced.
And I'm not saying in this case, that's what happened.
I'm saying if you observe history, this is a pattern that has repeated itself.
And we're very happy to celebrate the results of certain types of violence, as in Mandela
and the end of apartheid.
But we are loath to allow anyone to feel any kind of glee when something like this happens.
Yeah.
I mean, I think a lot of the liberal, like nonviolent images of history don't work dialectically.
Like they don't work across time.
It's like we've gotten to this point as a result of an incredibly large amount of violence.
And a lot of the things that we've won that are good are objectively a result of violence,
some of which is horrific.
You know, you look at the violence required for decolonization in the African continent,
an objectively very good thing.
And I hope all of the viewers would agree was good that European power on the continent was
destroyed.
You can point to certain, you know, like violent things committed by the FLN in Algeria, for
instance.
It's like, oh, yeah, they were just killing.
They were just bombing French civilians.
Yeah.
But it's like, what side do you take in this situation?
Yes, exactly.
And the question is not, do you support violence?
Violence doesn't exist in a vacuum.
Violence is not just some sort of atom floating in a void.
Violence occurs usually in response to violence.
Yeah.
If violence is done upon you over time, you will become violent and resist or perish.
That's oftentimes the choice that people are given.
That's not the case here.
And that's not what I'm saying.
But I just always laugh when people are like, whoa, you're promoting violence.
You're pro-violence.
What the fuck do you mean?
Give me some context here.
Yes.
In some cases, there's violence historically where I'm like, that was good.
John Brown.
That was good.
Mandela.
That was good.
The Algerian resistance.
That was good.
I mean, was the individual act of violence good?
No.
But historically speaking, it yielded a fairer and better result and saved us from violence
that was occurring anyways.
Palestine.
Violence.
Gonna say, hey, at this point, good.
They tried the nonviolent approach.
They got their fucking knees shot out.
They got fucking blinded.
Maimed.
At what point do you say, well, I'm putting my fucking body on the line anyways.
I'm going to get in so much trouble for this.
There's like zero chance that I make it unscathed.
But you know what?
Fuck it.
Go listen to the rest of all media.
If you don't want to hear this kind of stuff, go listen to the rest of all media.
Yeah, go eat the New York Times, you fucking bitch.
I have so much contempt for these people.
Yeah, I'm not going to lie.
It's like, hey, if you can't take a tiny part of your media diet exposing you to some
other ideas, if you need everybody to be carrying the same fucking message, then I don't know
what to tell you.
Your media diet is just a way for you to exalt your own virtue.
Travis, like, just, he's sick.
And we are relentlessly beating this poor man.
It's tragic.
But in relation to Luigi specifically, there's already a pair of bipartisan bills in the works
to break up some of America's larger healthcare insurance monopolies.
Some insurance companies have also rolled back unpopular policies in the immediate wake
of the killing.
Anthem BCBS, for instance, reversing a decision to no longer pay for anesthesia care if a surgery
or procedure went beyond a specific time limit.
So it's like, sorry, I mean, like, this is the thing.
If you're like a Dem, especially my favorite is the Dems who like lost their fucking mind about
Bernie Sanders, it's like, you've taken away the release valve for these people.
You've taken away the way of like, oh, I'll talk to my Democratic senator or whatever.
And then I'll Pokemon go to the polls and I'll make sure that the Dems get into power.
You've taken away that avenue.
What are people going to do?
I mean, they're not going to do it in a coherent way because they're Americans.
You know, this is an American guy, white guy in his 20s.
I mean, there's just so many things.
There's so many things that are just the air we breathe, right?
Whether it's American culture or living in a profoundly individualistic society or living
under capitalism.
These are all things that people breathe.
I can understand that it must be a shock to hear like opinions that just are not completely
poisoned with that gas that we're all breathing.
So right away, guys, right away.
Give me more of your messages.
They feed me.
One final thing I wanted to say about this is that look at the scale of violence and harm
on each side of this.
If you are invested in like an equivalent amount from this murder into all of the people
in America who are in an early grave as a result of health care insurance, you wouldn't even
be thinking about this guy.
Yeah.
Have a sense of proportion.
Yeah.
It's just we are trained to think of this sort of violence as the most abhorrent, as the most
obscene to the point in which it's like 100, 1,000, 10,000 times more obscene than just
people who could get medical attention to survive that aren't provided it as a result of the
structure of the for-profit health care system.
Well, on that note, Travis.
Yeah.
You know, I think that I think important context.
I mean, I agree with you for the for it to understand the killing of Brian Thompson, the
reaction to it specifically is that, you know, Americans live in a very tragically violent
society, even if we limit ourselves to like direct violence within the borders of the country
itself. So in 2021, so the most recent year for which complete data is available, there
were 20,958 gun related murders. Now, that's not the total number of murders. That's not
the total number of violent gun related incidents. That's actually that's about 21,000 gun related
murders for the year or about 57 and a half gun related murders a day.
Right. This is one of 57 on a given day.
Yeah. It's just it's just just just happens. You know, we're we're all expected just like
carry on best as we can. So, you know, maybe in a different world where gun murder was rare
and people felt well served by the health care industry. I know the killing of Brian Thompson
would have been met with universal outpouring of shock and grief and hatred for the killer.
I would prefer to live in that world, but that is not the case. In a Center for Strategic
Politics poll of Americans, 18 percent say that they have a strong or somewhat positive
perception of Luigi Mangione, which I would argue is pretty high for an accused murderer.
But the he polls even better among younger people, among respondents under 45 years of age,
less than half, 41 percent, said that they have a negative view of Mangione and 31 percent
say that they have a positive view.
The kids are all right.
And that's again, this is pretty shockingly good poll for, you know, someone who's accused
of of killing someone.
From the mouths of babes.
Some have gone as far as lineizing Mangione. At a concert in Boston, a DJ played a set while
pictures of Mangione played behind sort of like a show behind him. I don't know if you saw
this. It was it was crazy. There is also fan videos about him on TikTok and he is already
the subject of dozens of stories on the fan fiction site Archive of Our Own.
Oh, God.
One of these stories is called Discover, Defend, Desire.
And it's described this way.
Penelope's quiet life takes a sharp turn when she discovers a fugitive on her fire escape.
He's no ordinary man. He's the face of an emerging revolution, a vigilante accused of murder,
and the symbol of a growing call for justice against the powerful elite.
Against all logic, Penelope lets him in, driven by a sense of duty she can't quite explain,
and an attraction she's too scared to name.
What starts as a simple act of kindness quickly evolves into a dangerous alliance.
Hunted by authorities and weighed down by his past, they fight to survive and flee New York.
As their journey unfolds, trust deepens into something neither of them expected.
But with the revolution catching fire and danger closing in, Penelope and her fugitive must make
impossible choices between freedom and love, safety and sacrifice, or a life lived quietly,
and a revolt that could change the world.
Travis, I assume you're going to drop the link to this in the source notes?
Yes, of course.
It's like a third elastic integrity, yeah.
People should definitely...
I mean, what is amusing to me here is that the biggest fantasy is not that you get to fuck Luigi,
it's that we're having a fucking revolution.
Well, it's like the Hunger Games.
Now, this whole incident, I feel like, you know, drove home for me,
like, how people experience news in a more participatory way now.
You know, like, internet sleuth, it used to be the pastime of, like, online nerds.
It was very Reddit.
Now we have a situation where, like, almost everyone has an online footprint,
and everyone knows how to do some basic searching.
So when a violent incident causes someone to transform from being an unknown to a subject
of a national manhunt, lots of, like, just average news consumers see it as an opportunity
to dig into the online clues left behind to try and create a profile of that person.
What's unusual about this is that it's the story of an ideologically motivated killing
where the alleged killer left behind cryptic clues in apparent invitation for law enforcement
and the wider public to uncover the motivation for the violence.
Now, it's common for people who commit ideologically motivated violence to take credit for it
and explain the reason for their actions.
Now, the site, like one minor lesser-known example, in 1971, the revolutionary group Chicano
Liberation Front detonated an explosive in the bathroom of Los Angeles City Hall,
and this only caused property damage.
Don was hurt.
The bombing was done in retaliation against the LAPD, who the year prior killed two innocent
men in a raid, Guillermo Sanchez and Guiardo Sanchez.
We know that the Chicano Liberation Front did this for this reason, because shortly after
the bombing, someone called City News Service and said this.
The bomb at City Hall is in memory of the Sanchez brothers.
Chicano Liberation Front.
So, pretty straightforward.
There's no deciphering necessary.
It says, like, you know, here's what we did, here's why, and here's who we are.
There's no puzzle pieces to put together.
And there really shouldn't be, you know?
Like, if you're doing violence to send a message, you obviously want the message to
be clear and the connection between the violence and the message to be clear.
You know, the only kinds of, like, violent actors who leave behind cryptic clues are, like,
serial killers who aren't motivated by any clear ideology, like the Zodiac Killer.
Now, if the person who did this killing, allegedly Luigi Mangione, he's entitled to Presumption
of Innocence, wanted to make it clear that it was an ideologically driven killing from
the beginning, he could have left a note at the scene saying as much.
Instead, the killer left more cryptic clues at the scene.
He chose a much more dramatic route of inscribing words on the bullet casings, which he presumably
expected police to find when they arrived.
And when he did inscribe those words on the casings, he could have chosen, like, very
simple, clear words.
But instead, it shows much more, you know, sort of ambiguous words of deny, delay, and
depose.
Now, to most people, those words mean nothing.
You know, to read them is to know that there's some sort of message behind the words, but,
you know, it's hard to know what.
You feel compelled to solve the mystery, to research.
And if you cave into that very understandable desire to research, you're no longer a passive
consumer of information.
You're now an active investigator.
He passed up a perfectly good opportunity for LOL.
And now, by, like, researching those words, you might learn that the terms are often used
to describe a health insurance company's tactics to avoid paying out claims for medical treatment.
You might also learn that the words were very close to a 2010 book critical of the industry
titled Delay, Deny, Defend, Why Insurance Companies Don't Pay Claims and What You Can Do About
It.
After people learned that the words reference this book, or at the very least, the kinds
of ideas expressed in the book, it quickly sold out at Amazon.
Used copies on eBay were selling for as much as $315.
That is a little melted where it's like, how can I make money off this?
Oh, yeah.
Down the street, there's a t-shirt seller who already has four different versions of pro-Mangioni
t-shirts in the glass.
Incredible.
You know, that's America, too.
Mm-hmm.
The words on the bullet casings have also quickly become shorthand for the cruelty of
health insurers.
So this bizarrely caused one 42-year-old mother from Florida to face serious criminal charges.
The woman called Blue Cross Blue Shield regarding recent medical claims that were denied.
And during the end of the recorded conversation, the woman was accused of stating, delay, deny,
depose.
You people are next.
Now, because of this, she was charged with threats to conduct a mass shooting or an act
of terrorism.
And the judge held her on a $100,000 bond.
Now, this is despite the fact that she has no criminal history and doesn't even own a
firearm.
Mm-hmm.
They're getting scared.
I mean, this is like, I mean, really crazy.
It's like, as many people point out, like, death threats by armed extremists are, like,
shockingly common.
And reports to police about these matters are very often met with shrugs.
Like, well, we can't really do anything until, like, they do.
But when a mother who doesn't have, like, really the means or the opportunity to hurt anyone
uses a phrase from the news she is, like, swiftly dealt with by the authorities.
Mm-hmm.
Wow.
It's almost like there's a particular group that the police protects above all else.
Yeah.
It's almost like that's their purpose.
It's almost like they're a type of bodyguard for a certain class.
Mm-hmm.
Now, in regards to the investigation, to the shooting itself, you know, things got strange
after it was reported that police found a backpack in Central Park that matched one worn by the
killer.
And according to sources who spoke to ABC News, the only items in the backpack were a Tommy
Hilfiger jacket and Monopoly money.
Now, if we assume this was actually the bag worn by the killer.
I, I, I, it's very, very odd.
This seems like to invite even more questions.
Like, does the Monopoly money mean something?
Does the Tommy Hilfiger jacket mean something?
Mm-hmm.
You know?
Should I spend my evenings trying to find connections between those and the killing?
What we need to know is, like, what exact bills were in the thing?
Yeah, right.
Because maybe that's, like, a cryptic code with the numbers.
What does it add up to?
Right.
Yes.
Where are the denominations of the Monopoly money?
This hasn't been specified.
I checked, actually.
Well, they've really turned your life into something beautiful.
As Q and Taylor Swift have discovered, when you invite the public to seek out hidden clues,
they don't stop.
And they often go down rabbit holes you don't intend to send them down.
In the case of Luigi Mangione, lots of people kept noticing connections between the killing
and the number 286.
Starting with the fact that Mangione's Twitter account made 286 posts.
Now, here's one video from TikTok that explains the supposed connections.
What is Luigi Mangione trying to tell us with the number 286?
I think I found out.
The number 286 has come up repeatedly in the aftermath of the shooting.
The first one being the distance between the site of the shooting and the McDonald's where
he was found.
There is exactly 286 miles between the two locations.
Next up, there's this little Pokemon guy, which is behind his profile picture on Twitter.
I'm not a Pokemon expert, but apparently this is Breloom, which is Pokemon number 286.
Then we have the number of the code, which signifies that an appeal of a claim has been
denied.
So if a healthcare provider puts a claim in for a patient to their insurer, it's denied.
They then make an appeal.
In certain situations where that appeal is denied, the denial code is 286.
We then go back to Luigi Mangione's Twitter, where he has 286 posts.
I haven't heard anyone else talk about this, but the 28th of the 6th, 28th of June is National
Insurance Awareness Day in America.
And next up, we're going to the Bible.
Proverbs 286.
And I'm going to read you out what it says.
Fuck's sake.
Better a poor man who walks in his integrity than a rich man who is crooked in his ways.
I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but there is no way that there is not some significance
to this.
What do you guys think?
There's no way.
Fucking Pokemon.
Again.
What would the point even be?
Like, this is what you need to do to discover that health insurance is bad?
Like, that was his grand plan.
Inspector Tommy Numbers is on the case.
I know.
How many coincidences?
I mean, this is a real Q-proof thing.
I had a lot of people message me and ask me, I was like, whoa, what's with this 286 thing?
I love that people just treat you like a schizophrenic oracle.
So here are the points in the video which are, like, definitely true.
So Luigi Mangione's Twitter account has tweeted 286 times.
And it's true that the Pokemon depicted in his Twitter banner, which is Breloom, is listed
as 286 in Pokedex.
But every other point in that video regarding 286 is either not correct or not actually significant.
Take, for example, the claim that Luigi Mangione was arrested 286 miles from the place of the
shooting.
So as far as I can tell, this claim comes from a single report published in the British-owned
news outlet Express US.
Every other news outlet either didn't provide an estimated distance or they listed a different
one.
For example, the Associated Press report about the arrest said that the distance between
the shooting and the arrest was 233 miles.
So I used Google Maps to measure the driving distance from the New York Midtown Hilton, where
Brian Thompson was shot, and the Altoona McDonald's, where Mangione was captured.
And according to that, the shortest driving distance is 279 miles.
So the distance between those two points is like if we were measuring it as a straight
line, like as the crow flies, is about 233 miles.
So that must be what the Associated Press is using.
So it might be that the reporter for the Express US report used an approximate rather than exact
beginning and ending point to calculate the driving distance between the two points.
But either way, there's no actual reason to conclude that Mangione was arrested 286 miles
from the point of the shooting.
I assume someone just searched like Luigi Mangione 286 and that one report showed up
and it's like, well, there you go.
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
Well, what about the claim that the 286 has significance because the Bible verse Proverbs
286 says, better as a poor man who walks in his integrity than a rich man who is crooked
in his ways.
Well, to that I would ask, even if you were to grant that 286 refers to a religious text,
which is by itself kind of a leap.
But even if you were to conclude that, to say that's referring to Proverbs 286 is arbitrary.
So I checked and there are 15 books of the Bible which have 28 or more chapters.
So why choose that particular book over all the others?
And why even assume it's referring to the Bible at all?
And why assume it's referring to the verse 286 as opposed to 286?
So I checked verse 286 of the Quran and it condemns people who are worldly and materialistic.
Oh.
Yeah, I know.
Well, that's good.
That's good.
Yeah.
Bakemore.
It says, quote, these are the ones who trade the hereafter for the life of this world.
So their punishment will not be reduced, nor will they be helped.
But, you know, I could make that connection, but it's arbitrary.
And despite that, I don't actually think Mangione is trying to guide people towards the light
of Islam.
Well, either way, it's working on me.
I have the idea that someone like did all this numerology baking and then they find that
Bible verse and they're like, so he hates rich people.
Okay.
I see.
I know.
That would be fucking awesome if we finally venture into anti-capitalism, but it's because
we're lost in like some fucking obscure numerology rabbit hole.
What about the claim that 286 is a code that signifies that an appeal of an insurance claim
has been denied?
She is referring to the claim adjustment reason codes or CARCs.
And CARCs are like standard codes used in the healthcare industry to communicate why a
claim or service line was paid differently than it was billed.
And that can include being denied outright.
And there are codes that are listed from 1 all the way to 306, which means that if you
picked any number between 1 and 306, you'd land on one of these codes.
So 286 is not special in this regard.
It's not like 286 is the only denial code.
There are a bunch of them.
In this particular instance, 286 is the claim adjustment reason code for appeal time limits
not met.
So basically an instance in which the appeal is filed outside of like a deadline.
No, it doesn't make sense.
Yep.
Yeah.
That doesn't really fit.
There's also the example, she talked about how Insurance Awareness Day is one of these
fake, you know, like holiday things is June 28th.
But to make this work, you'd have to use like the international date format of 286 as opposed
to the American date format of 628.
So to me, just kind of a stretch.
I will say that that's the more logical way.
You're going to list it by smaller to larger.
It's like the metric system and your fucking weight system.
It's absolutely absurd.
Your temperature system.
It's barbaric.
Yeah.
By the way, while you're doing these different things, I'm turning the pill dial up and down,
like based on how I feel about your claims.
So, but that's basically it.
So it sounds like what to me what happened is that someone saw that like Mangione tweeted
286 times and that the Pokemon in the banner corresponded to Pokdux number 286.
And from this connection, they found two.
They went on a hunt for more ways to connect 286 and every other one is totally flimsy,
just nonsensical.
Yeah.
Good job being way more mentally ill than the guy who shot someone.
And the other problem is that, you know, when you leave these clues and you try to make
people believe there are clues to be found, people start to make these free associations
between the circumstances of the shooting and arrest that are just, again, totally arbitrary.
Take, for example, this clip from a true crime podcast, which tried to make connections
between the monopoly money found in the backpack and the place where he was ultimately arrested.
Monopoly money found in the backpack.
People are saying McDonald's where he was arrested was intentional because they play the monopoly
game every year.
The Pennsylvania railroad.
It's a power cart in Monopoly and it has a station in Altoona.
That seems to track for me.
God's sake.
What would this statement be?
Everything is connected.
What is he saying?
That's it.
That's the statement.
Yeah.
Everything is connected.
It's very strange.
It's like assuming, you know, Luigi and the killer are one and the same.
Like we know the motivation really, because, you know, Ken Clifstein, he printed them.
He published a manifesto or the, you know, the reasons.
Calling a manifesto is a little dramatic, but he published the reasons.
So there's really all this like connections and like, you know, was like, what does McDonald's
mean?
What does Altoona mean?
What does the distance mean?
Like all of these, all of this thing is like you're trying to, you're digging and working
and like drawing red string between two data points for nothing.
You're right.
I don't understand what exactly they're looking for, what you're seeking.
We got the, we more or less got the answers we're looking for so far that like we're,
that we're happening.
I don't understand what other sort of mysteries they're trying to solve by trying to connect
Monopoly and McDonald's and the city and two way these, these numbers.
It's just, I don't know.
It's just satisfying to connect two things, I guess.
Yeah.
It is just true crime brain at some level.
It's like, I want to be like the Zodiac killer or whatever.
That's what people are used to in terms of these like murder trial cases is like this
weird, you know, sadistic serial killer who's like trying to toy with the police because
he likes attention.
It's like, surely that's how every person who kills someone is like, or at the very least,
like it would be fun if they were like that.
Like, I don't know if the, I'm sure there's a lot of overlap between like true crime influencers
and people baking this, I would assume.
Cause it's like, that's sort of, that's, you know, everyone's focusing on this thing.
I can get a bunch of attention if we talk about like, oh, look at this number that keeps
appearing.
Is it a code?
Is it, is he trying to, you know?
You are correct that true crime people are as bad as QAnon numerologists.
I will say that like a lot of the baking I saw online was really weak sauce.
Like, so you're telling me that he went to a McDonald's and had a backpack with a gun
in it and had a note.
And it's like, okay, so what are we saying here?
That this guy's an FBI asset, that he was pushed to do this?
What?
It's like a strategy of tension or in what, in what manner to scare the elites or not to
scare in, you know, there's just these endlessly engaged with tweets that are just like, basically
just question marks.
Oh, you know, it's like, that's the equivalent of what the baking is.
And I would say that the only thing that I've heard that, that has any semblance of credibility,
and I will say that I personally do like this theory because it fits with, you know, my vision
of, of how things are currently going is this idea of parallel construction, which is that
the police and the FBI or, or whoever's after this guy, they were using illegal surveillance
through face recognition technology, whether that's from a McDonald's kiosk or security cameras,
you know, when, when someone's using public travel methods and stuff like that.
I mean, we can unlock our iPhones with a mask on.
So why wouldn't you be able to at least narrow down on someone?
And because these are not admissible in court, because they may be either illegal or unconstitutional
or just don't constitute what is required to make an argument in court.
There's a parallel construction, quote unquote, which would be that they are waiting for a tangible
way that can lead to prosecution to say, Hey, this is how we found him.
In which case the idea that a McDonald's employee turned him in for coming there to eat a single
hash brown, which, Hey buddy, what the fuck?
Maybe he just couldn't afford it.
I mean, maybe he tried to pay with monopoly money and they felt sorry for him and just gave him one
hash brown, just part of his order.
But anyways, that's the closest I've come to be like, okay, that's actually kind of credible to me
because it involves things that I do think that the state is kind of hiding the fact that they
have, you know, just based on what has come to light about prism and surveillance and face
technology, like that's, that's a lot more credible to me than anything else.
It's not like they're above that.
Like other underground, for instance, a lot of that was going to, you know, Quartel Pro,
below board.
Because it's like, I don't know, like you're telling me like a wonderful, beautiful, noble,
McDonald's working class employee turned in a fellow working class hitman.
I mean, this just, were there any other like melted takes online?
Like I kind of, you know, I, I'm at least somewhat interested by like the parapolitical
crew that, that, that could probably spin something interesting out of this.
All the stuff I saw on like conspiracy subreddits was about either it's like planned for some
reasons.
Someone was saying it was planned to encourage us to revolt so that they could crush the
revolts and take away our rights.
Okay.
I don't think they need an excuse for that.
Yeah, I don't think so.
That's that old thing of like, I'm sorry, they do not, they are not waiting for anything.
They, they are doing that and will continue to do so.
It's hard for people to understand that like things happen outside of the controlled system
and that the system reacts to that.
Like it's like everything is not planned.
Yeah.
And very often it's more like a Coen brothers movie where like kind of everyone is a little
incompetent.
Like the cops are too incompetent to get him before he leaves.
He just gets hungry at some point and goes to the closest, easiest place to get food.
I don't know.
I mean, maybe there's something more to this and I, I would be interested if there were
any like decent evidence of it.
But you know, if we're purely speculating, then, then I guess like that parallel construction
thing is the most interesting thing I've, I've read.
Travis, uh, surprisingly no finger wagging at all there.
So I guess just another Luigi fan.
No, no.
The idea that like law enforcement would maybe step slightly out of the bounds of what is
permissible by the fourth amendment in order to track down this very high profile killer.
And then after the fact, create a more legally admissible reason why he was identified.
I agree.
I was like, I'm not saying there's a positive evidence for that, but it's not something
I would dismiss.
Certainly.
Okay, Corey, now use AI to have him say that he believes extradition judicial killings of
CEOs are warranted.
Yes, yes, yes.
Of course.
I totally believe all of that.
Yeah.
Wow.
Uh, what an episode.
I was surprised also to see people be like, how have they not put out an episode?
Like we're not going to do it in the heat of the moment.
Like we want to actually have something to bring you other than the average dumb ass tweet.
That's like question mark.
Whoa.
This is wild.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
It's like, you know, we try to come to you with a infuriating analysis, but also, you
know, some, some evidence and things of that nature.
Nonetheless, fascinating moment.
And certainly like, I think, you know, a kind of high profile moment, I think in, in the
American consciousness and their slow plotting attempts at developing class consciousness
consciousness through a series of like incredibly wanton and random events.
Yeah.
And I'm sure the trial for this is going to be like, you know, OJ level.
It's going to be a nightmare.
Yeah.
I just really, the only thing I want for our collective sanity is that there not be, you
know, some knock on wood Epstein style event that would deprive us of learning more.
I hope it ends up like the OJ trial is all I'm saying.
Hey, yo.
Which I guess, I guess is saying a lot.
I guess that's not subtle, but.
And he gets off completely and then he writes a book called If I Did It.
Yeah.
I want the book.
That's what I'm asking for.
Oh, yeah.
Well, you know, maybe eventually years from now, decades from now, Luigi Mangione will
be playing acoustic guitar on YouTube and starting a music label like our beloved Hinckley.
Actually, I should not say that because I do think there are some other allegations at play
there.
But anyways, yeah, there's nothing you can love cleanly in this world.
There's nothing you can appreciate cleanly in this world.
But don't let people steal your emotions from you.
Let people enjoy things.
Yeah.
This is my, this is my one, like, don't yuck our yum, you know?
Like, if you're allowed to fucking lecture me about not yucking your Marvel movies, then
I'm allowed to lecture you about not yucking our, our stochastic terrorist.
Julian has been deported from the United States.
Not a fact.
And also I'm, my real last name is F-E-E-L-D.
Do not look into any kind of Italian connections.
Thank you very much.
And thank you for listening to another premium episode of the QAA podcast.
We appreciate you.
Also go to liveagar.com, subscribe to her newsletter, follow her on Twitch as well.
She's streaming again.
She's got highlights in her hair.
Get you some Liv Agar.
Keep writing Liv Agar in the comments.
We love it.
We don't understand it, but we love it.
It's some sort of Venturian Canada trigger thing, but I love it.
For everything else, we've got a website, qaapodcast.com.
Listener, until next week, and me, Luigi Mangione, bless you and keep you.
We have auto-keyed content based on your preferences.
I feel like I've been asleep for a long time and I'm just now waking up.
It makes me feel stupid to be honest.
So I have seen all these like conspiracy theory videos, especially that one guy.
And oh my gosh.
For instance, the Luigi thing right now.
Look it up.
Look at the connection to the number 286 with him.
It's a lot more that 286 represents besides just his post and the number 286 being a denial code number.
He was arrested in Altoona and Altoona is 286 miles away from Manhattan where the crime occurred.
You can't tell me he didn't plan this.
You cannot tell me he did not plan this.
He planned to get caught.
I think the one that was the most chilling was look up Proverbs 286, aka 286.
Better is a poor man who walks in his integrity than a rich man who is crooked in his ways.
286.
Planned.
He planned all this.
He planned to get caught.
I'm telling you, my eyes are open now.
Like I already was starting to wake up, but oh my gosh.
Now I'm, I will never agree with what he did ever because I don't think that's ever going to be okay.
However, I do see he is trying to convey a bigger message.
And I think a lot of people are now waking up.
Honestly, this society is very scary.
