Alternative
migrant
rée
deceived
逆
nonsense
brincade
abuse
rape
discord
death
insanity
a
bastard
angles
equipment
garlands
abused
If you're hearing this, well done. You found a way to connect to the internet.
Welcome to the QAA Podcast Premium Episode 268, Rise of the NCAP President in Argentina.
As always, we are your hosts, Jake Rakitansky,
Kaiwo Mandram,
Julian Fields,
and Travis View.
Well, well, well, folks. It turns out that Trump is back, as you know,
and we thought this would be a great opportunity to explore another buffoonish president elected
in a country in what some Americans refer to as the Global South, who for some reason,
you know, they kind of still have a little bit of a grudge against the Global North.
We don't know why. We're not going to be exploring any of that history, hopefully,
and there were no interventions. But Argentina is up on the board today. We're looking at it.
We're pointing at it. We have little dots all over it. Jake doesn't understand what they mean.
And all of them are little bombs. It's a country you think about so little that you can't probably
even remember John Oliver's joke about finding Argentina on a map, nor should you be listening
to John Oliver. I'm going to get shit for that. Well, this has been on our to-do list for a little
while now, and there's been some recent developments, so it's perfect to have it come to fruition now.
And of course, our guest writer, who you may remember from our previous episode about
Bolsonaro's fail sons and weird dynasty and potential whale molestation,
Caio Almendra from The Intercept Brazil. How are you doing, Caio?
I'm doing fine.
Well, very recently, Javier Millet, who is the topic of this episode, called Trump to, you know,
tell him, happy birthday, sir, happy election, sir, and I hope we can eat McDonald's together soon.
But Trump has referred to Millet as my favorite president, which is very, very funny.
And Millet, before him, appointed one or two government efficiency czars, so they've had
their version of Doge for a little while. He immediately claimed that every public servant
should be fired, every agency should be closed, and every government service should be replaced
by an app. He also recently plagiarized the West Wing during his UN speech, and I don't know,
I guess if you're a listener, probably a percent of you that love the West Wing and the other
part of the listenership knows better.
So one reason to talk about Millet is because it's just plain fun. I mean, the dude looks insane.
He looks like one of those, like, action heroes from the 70s, back when they still let you have,
like, a hairy chest and look kind of, like, ugly, ugly cool, you know? But he's basically like if
Marjorie Taylor Greene was a bit more of an ANCAP teenager and had a very, a series of very bad hair
days.
Yeah, he's got kind of a Wolverine thing going on.
He does.
Minus, minus the, the, you know, the horns.
He does have insane chops.
Yeah, he really does insane. It's, it's kind of like Wolverine meets one of the Oasis brothers.
I'm sure he sings beautifully, too.
And, you know, it's especially funny to make very dark jokes about this because it turns out Javier
Millet has basically completely destroyed Argentina in a very short time. And, you know, we look forward
to our next four years that surely will go better.
Yeah, he looks like the Harry Potter boys, like, in the second and third movies when they stopped
cutting their hair.
There were still ballots to be opened and counted on the night of November 19th, 2022, when Cecilia
Gonzalez opened her window to a voice shouting, run, you leftist scum. A Mexican journalist based
in Buenos Aires, Gonzalez lived in the working class neighborhood known as Baracas. She quickly
reported the incident on Twitter, only to receive more threatening messages such as, be afraid,
and you won't be able to walk in the streets, which is straight up out of QAnon. Like,
like, we're going to make them afraid to walk the streets. Yeah, that's, that's pretty,
pretty straightforward Q stuff. A few days later, Javier Millet would be elected the 52nd president
of the Argentine Republic, a country deeply divided and plagued by political, economic, and social
crises. So who is this short man with disheveled hair that got into politics because his dead dog
told him to? And who are his violent supporters? And how did extremist rhetoric become
so pervasive in a country that had held such a strong tradition of defending human rights?
I mean, other than, you know, some uncomfortable moments under the junta.
And some mazzy swing to Argentina also.
Yeah, there, there are some blonde, blue eyed Argentines that we're not going to be talking
about because my mom is blonde and blue eyed and was born in Argentina. I do want to say,
I do want to say that her mom and her mom, so two generations back from my mother were born
in Argentina. So they go back further than, you know, the Nazi escape.
I thought you were like half Jewish.
No, on my mom's side, I do have, yeah, a Jewish great grandmother.
That's, that's, that's all that matters. The mother's on the mother's side of the blood,
you know, that's, you are full actually.
Well, as we know today, Jewish people can do no wrong and they never participated in any
genocides.
Mm-hmm. Well, Jewish people, not in, in Jewish, uh, government, uh, you know, mostly probably
all right.
Yeah, I don't know. We're not making a generalization about all Jewish people here, Jake. We're just
saying that all religious backgrounds have probably participated in genocides. Is that
acceptable?
Well, yeah.
Can we move the fuck on, Jake?
I mean, I, look, I'm not, I haven't eaten kosher ever in my life. So, you know, I'm not a
very religious person, a faithful person.
Go back to advertising the McRib.
Okay. Um, yeah. Although I did hear a story by my, uh, grandmother who was like, oh, you
know, like, uh, one of your great uncles like participated in a, uh, a plot to bomb Perón,
uh, which made me think, oh man, what, what era of Perón? Cause I think we might be the
bad guys. I don't know.
Or maybe the good guys because you know, uh, Perón has a very strong militant left-wing
opposition that claimed he was a fascist. That's the funniest thing about it.
Yeah. So we, we don't know. My grandmother is not political enough to really explain it
to me and I will not be looking into it. I just have to say that we're not Nazi escapees
and that's good enough for me.
So you didn't hear that wrong when I said earlier that Millet claimed his dead dog is
a reincarnation of a lion that existed during the early medieval age. According to Millet,
this lion once refused to devour a Christian gladiator at the Colosseum and that Christian
gladiator happened to be a previous incarnation of Millet himself. So a dog that had once been
a living reincarnation of a Roman lion was now dead and speaking from its grave, instructing
Millet to run for president. Millet told this story on live television and he was still elected
to lead a country of 46 million people. So I think as Americans, we recognize that cognitive
dissonance that sets in when a guy says some wild shit and then people still go, yeah,
I think he's probably the best candidate. To understand how this happened, we have to
contextualize Argentina's political landscape a little bit. Between 1976 and 1983, the nation
experienced a violent military dictatorship that eliminated press freedoms and made torture
a common practice, among other horrors. During this time, children of imprisoned activists
were often kidnapped and according to official sources, 30,000 opponents were killed. This dictatorship
devastated the Argentine economy, quadrupling public debt and dismantling the
industrial sector, which was at the time one of the most robust in Latin America.
Then one day in 1982, which many people know as the year before I was born, General Leopoldo
Galtieri, four months into office, finished his daily bottle of whiskey and decided to invade
the Falkland Islands, basing his decision on an old claim that the territory belonged to Argentina,
even though it had been a British colony since 1841. After 74 days of mismanaged conflict,
the Argentine military was forced to surrender. Galtieri was later sentenced to 12 years in prison
for a variety of infractions. And eventually, the increasingly vigorous dissent movement led to a
restoration of democracy, albeit a tumultuous one, as we'll see. Also, I believe Galtieri is the last
name of Pauly from The Sopranos. Side note. There are a lot of Italians in Argentina, too.
So, re-democratization in Argentina developed much differently than it did in most South American
countries. After numerous setbacks, significant pressure from civil society amounted to justice,
and the opposition could finally investigate, try, and punish many members of the military.
A recent hit movie called Argentina 1985 tells some of the story, like the time when Argentine
dissenters successfully tried and imprisoned the dictator Rafael Videla, who later died alone in his
cell while sitting on the toilet, much like Elvis. Did this inspire George R.R. Martin to write the
death of Tywin Lannister? We'll never know. What we do know is that Caillou loves to put references to
pop culture in his script.
My bad.
And what we also do know is that the overall re-democratization project formed as a pact
between political and social forces in the name of human rights and democracy. Despite this victory,
however, the fallen dictatorship left a devastated economy in its wake. And while the 40 years of democracy
before Millet's election in 2022 were mostly blessed with political stability, the complexifying wave
of economic instability created a fertile environment for characters like Millet to gain steam. His party
stood in opposition to re-democratization, blaming the project for this economic turmoil, even though
the causes were complex and stemmed from decades of chaos. The Peronistas, who represent a complicated,
decades-spanning populist movement, unfortunately also helped Millet win. During a major inflation crisis,
they selected finance minister Sergio Massa as their presidential candidate. This was obviously
not a great electoral move, as Massa is an unpopular and untrusted financial figure and the subject of
many memes on social media where they've given him the nickname ventajita, which translates to
petty advantage or opportunist. But let's backtrack a bit further to trace how Millet moved up through
the ranks, beat Massa, and stole the title of president.
Javier Gerardo Millet was born in 1970 and grew up in an upper-middle-class neighborhood of Buenos Aires.
He attended Catholic school and, according to his biographer, Juan Luis González, was a shy child
who got bullied frequently. Home wasn't much better, as his parents physically and verbally abused him.
Quote,
I do not speak with my progenitors, he once stated on television. I do not share their moral and ethical
values. Yes, Millet refers to his parents as progenitors.
That's so awesome.
This is like, um, God, he's almost like, uh, like Calvin on, uh, you know, on a bad day.
Not this one again. Not this one again.
On the other hand, his relationship with his sister, Karina Millet, appears better. Karina
and Millet's bond became an emotional safe haven away from their parents, and the brother and sister
developed, shall we say, a bit of a strange dynamic that carried into adulthood. Yeah,
this is an episode full of Lannister references. Yes, incest, incest!
Two years younger, it seems Karina plays a huge role in Millet's everyday life, protecting him from
many dangers, such as, yes, you're hearing this right, french fries. Millet really hates french fries.
Sometimes he calls her el jefe, deliberately using the masculine form of the Spanish noun, which means
the boss. Other times he refers to her as the first lady. That's, that's awesome.
Always stationed at her brother's side, it is widely known that Karina has final say on almost
every decision Millet makes. Not surprisingly, his political allies despise her, especially
Mauricio Macri, former right-wing Argentine president and ally of Millet, who in private settings
refers to Karina derogatorily as, quote, the tarot reader, alluding to her mystical beliefs.
So this guy is, I mean, with the Game of Thrones references, it's kind of on point, because
this guy sounds like he has, like, a sister oracle. Yeah, who he may also do aural with.
Yeah, okay. You know, I love this kind of shit. I miss the days that I've, that, you know,
long before me, where, like, every king or queen had some kind of mystic or wizard or warlock
kind of by their side advising. Yeah, that's you on the podcast. Why did we stop that? I feel like
Trump needs some kind of oracle, you know? That would be amazing. The damn Bolshevitz
kill has Putin. That's the problem. Neither Karina nor Millet have been married,
and it seems the sole familial responsibility Karina has taken on is caring for her brother.
On one occasion, a human rights activist and former president of the National Institute
Against Discrimination, Xenophobia, and Racism, a government agency Millet has shut down,
mentioned that the presidential candidate sleeps in a bed with his sister and eight dogs.
Hmm.
Damn, that place must smell like peanut butter.
Oh, my lord.
Sleeps in a bed with his sister and eight dogs?
Does he have, like, a new type of bed size that's bigger than king?
He must have one of those, like, you know, like one of those Drake size beds where it's
kind of just most of the room. But those beds are for fucking, okay? But you don't have those
beds just to sleep in. You're doing sex stuff in a bed that big with your sister and maybe
your dogs.
Allegedly.
Allegedly. In Minecraft.
All right, all right.
When pressed to respond, Millet said, quote,
This is grotesque. First of all, the facts. I don't have eight dogs. I have five. And he left it at that.
Oh, my God.
Holy shit.
The rumors of an incestuous relationship spread so much that shortly before the election,
Millet's campaign produced a pamphlet to refute the supposed fake news.
One of the pamphlet's 26 points stated,
Millet fucked his sister. False.
And fact-checked.
Curiously.
Who's doing the fact-checking on that?
Well, some people, like, yeah, they have genital inspectors.
It's like Snopes, but for your dick and balls.
I mean, I imagine that that's just a guy in the bushes with a, you know, a telephoto lens,
you know, trying to get a peek through a window.
The problem here is that it's impossible to refute that you fucked your sister because it would always be behind closed doors.
So that, like, the more you protest, the deeper you sink into the quicksand of incest.
Yeah.
It's a case of not involved with a human traffic t-shirt. It doesn't matter what you wrote in paper, you're fucked.
Don't trust pedophiles.
Look, a lot of this would be a lot easier for him if he just, like, gave her her own room.
Yeah.
I think so.
She could just, you know, have her own room.
But then how would she be the big spoon?
But then how?
Yeah.
How do you fuck your sister then?
Yeah.
Yeah.
If she's in a different room, what are you going to do?
You got to sneak in?
You got to sneak out?
But how would she be the big spoon to Javier's little spoon and then five dogs continuing the spoon in, like, a long, like, cycle of the crescent moon type situation?
Upsetting.
Curiously, the pamphlet bore a presidential seal, although the acting presidency had no involvement in its production.
Just another political campaign using fake news strategies to fight fake news, it seems.
After finishing high school, Millet started playing soccer, attempted to become a goalkeeper, then ventured into music and formed a rock band that played a mix of original songs and Rolling Stones covers in local bars.
He and I are not so similar.
Not so similar or not so different?
Yeah.
He and I are not so different.
I, too, tried to be a goalie.
And then some kid came down and, like, scored, like, three goals on me at once, and I collapsed and had to be carried off the field in tears.
I like the idea that someone can score three goals at once.
Like, he shot three balls at you.
No, he just—but it was every time.
They put me a goalie, and I was, like, really excited about this because I didn't have to run.
I could kind of stay where I was.
When I was a kid, I also, like, briefly tried to be a goalie at a match, and then I jumped sideways to, like, catch a ball and fell on my side, and I was like, I am never doing this again.
I do not understand how those guys do it.
It hurts so bad.
Yeah, I didn't even dive.
I didn't even get that far.
It was just one, two, three.
I was trying to, like, impress, like, the people watching the game, and holy fuck, did I win myself.
I had to just kind of wince through it.
Soccer, it's a really tough sport.
Football, as a lot of people call it, but it's soccer.
All right.
God damn it.
When sports and music didn't lead anywhere—tell me about it—he decided to start a podcast.
Just kidding.
He decided to study economics at the University of Belgrano, a private institution located in a wealthy neighborhood of Buenos Aires.
Millet also completed two postgraduate degrees in economics at other institutions.
And just recently, the Argentine president released a book in which he made two claims, neither of which are true.
One, that he attended the University of Buenos Aires, and two, that he obtained a doctorate in economics from the University of California.
And even though Millet cut a significant portion of the national budget allocated to public higher education when he entered office,
specifically the science and technology sectors, Millet still loves referring to himself as a doctor,
thanks to his liberal economist buddy, Alberto Benegas Lynch,
who awarded him with an honorary doctorate from his poorly ranked university, E-S-E-A-D-E.
So he's like one of those guys who became famous and then got kind of like a consolation doctorate?
From his best friends, yeah.
It's kind of like if Millet got a diploma from the phony Trump University,
or whatever that Barry Weiss, don't be woke university was called.
Yeah, isn't that like University of Austin or something? Is that still happening?
I think it's like Prager University.
Actually, I don't care. I don't care.
Quick sidebar on this Lynch fellow.
Alberto Benegas Lynch sired a son of the same name who currently serves as a federal deputy from Millet's party.
Apparently, this son holds a lot of fascinating views.
For example, Lynch Jr. believes humans should privatize the sea and its wildlife.
Quote,
Chickens and cows do not go extinct because there is an owner.
Because there is economic use, he said.
Also to explain his opposition to same-sex marriage, Lynch Jr. recently offered another fun anecdote.
A cat is a cat, a dog is a dog, he said.
That's really the dream.
Just perfectly straight couples raising, I guess, dolphins on their dolphin farm.
He's like, a cat is a cat, a dog is a dog, unless the dog is sleeping with Millet, and in that case, he is some kind of girlfriend.
Listen, do not be gay.
Everyone should sleep with their sister and five dogs.
What's more, it turns out Benegas Lynch Jr. is a second cousin of the revolutionary Che Guevara.
That's the end of this little sidebar.
Oh, that's interesting.
Yeah.
Kind of.
Second cousins is like, you meet somebody and they're like.
It's a bit like RFK Jr.
Yeah.
It's like, not the best.
Che Guevara was also the black sheep of the family.
Yeah, of course they hated him.
Yeah.
If you're like out at a bar and you meet somebody and they're like, oh yeah, it's funny that you mention it.
My second cousin is Kendrick Lamar.
You'd be like, oh.
Interesting.
Cool.
Yeah.
And yet you suck at rap and are a piece of shit.
Yeah, like do you hang out with him?
He's like, uh, I mean, a couple of times when we were little, but we're second cousins.
So, and you go, yeah, that sounds about right.
Now back to our man of the hour.
Javier Millet started his professional career as an intern at the Argentine Central Bank with a renewable six month contract, which the bank never renewed for reasons unknown.
So six months.
Perhaps it was this rejection that inspired Millet's animosity for the Central Bank as a later proposal to shut it down became one of the main tenets of his presidential campaign.
Millet even appeared on a television station known as Canal de la Ciudad to demonstrate this view.
The scene goes as follows.
Millet and a group of his supporters, including his sister Karina, are all hanging out with some boisterous newscasters on a colorful set.
Millet's British rocker hair disheveled as ever.
When a beautiful young woman walks into the room and declares, the central bank is up to no good again.
Suddenly, a large bank-shaped piñata with the words Banco Centro printed on it is lowered down from the ceiling by a string.
Millet and Karina both pick up sticks and proceed to fully destroy the dangling bank while supporters chant, destruction, destruction, destruction.
Alexander Hamilton's ghost will haunt you someday, Millet.
But with tranquility, Millet.
What tranquility?
If he's going to destroy it.
He's going to destroy it.
Millet, this will prevent any kind of complication.
Come, come, come, come.
They are blindfolding Millet.
Okay, yeah.
They're getting him to whack a piñata that says, that looks like the Banco Central.
And they're trying to put a blindfold on him.
And he's like a guy who's about to be led up to the gallows to be hung.
Like he does, he's kind of pushing away at the blindfold.
He sort of looks nervous.
He really doesn't want to go, you know.
And they end up just tying this thing like across his entire face.
He really seems kind of shy and a little bit nervous here.
Tranquilo.
Tranquilo.
Con tranquilidad.
Cuidado, Vicky.
Pará, pará, pará.
Pará, pará.
No, pará.
Pará, pará.
Cuidado.
No, pará.
Pará, acá, pará.
Pará, pará, pará.
Pará, vuela, vasta, vasta.
Pará, pará.
Pará, pará.
Pará, pará.
Pará, pará.
Very dangerous to do piñata on a TV show.
So many things can go wrong.
Yeah.
Eventually got it off of the rope of the string.
And then as it's on the ground, he continues to pound this little construction of the central bank.
Before entering politics, Millet worked for years in the private sector without much distinction in any area.
In the mid-1990s, he worked as an economic advisor to constituent deputy Antonio Domingo Bussi.
That's a great name.
Mr. Bussi?
A military officer convicted of several crimes against humanity, such as kidnapping and torture,
who was also linked to the disappearance of several political opponents during the military dictatorship.
Millet also taught economics at a private university,
where students said he was aggressive and often made offensive remarks in class.
But economics wasn't the only subject Millet taught during his tenure as an educator.
The now president also claims to have been a teacher of tantric sex.
Says Millet, quote,
Awesome, dude.
The dogs must get bored around, like, minute 25.
That's why you have five dogs.
He swaps them out.
You watch 10 minutes.
Now you watch 10 minutes.
Now you watch 10 minutes.
Not surprisingly, the new president of Argentina has also authored many books.
Also, not surprisingly, his texts are fraught with plagiarism.
In a 2020 publication, Millet copied entire paragraphs and even equations
from a study originally written by Mexican and Spanish scientists.
A copy-leaks analysis of his book, Pendinomics,
shows that the text of the beginning of the second chapter
is 99.6% identical to the introduction of the scientist article.
In his latest book, Capitalism, Socialism, and the Classic Trap,
Millet plagiarized more than 10 paragraphs from researchers
at the National Council for Scientific and Technical Research,
a government institution he also promised to shut down during his campaign.
Maybe destroying the institution's files will hide the fact that he's a serial plagiarist.
I mean, that's poetic of something.
It's like simultaneously promising to destroy the thing that you rely on
and copy and steal from in order to sustain your career.
I don't know what that is, but it's something.
In 2020, Millet's life changed when major newspapers began inviting him
to write about politics and economics.
Then in 2014, he started to appear on radio programs.
In 2017, he created his own show called Demolishing Myths,
and his eccentric, aggressive persona attracted a lot of public attention.
He was basically Penn and Teller.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, well, Penn and Teller, they're libertarian too.
So yeah, that's a good analogy.
Major media outlets welcomed his fierce attacks on left-wing governors,
social state-implemented policies, and what he called the political caste,
which is the Argentinian version of the deep state.
More and more, Millet got invited to guests on TV programs,
and his image and rhetoric gained popularity throughout the country.
So when Millet decided to enter institutional politics, people were surprised,
as his public persona had always critiqued politicians harshly,
referring to them as the caste.
But there's somebody else we really ought to thank for Millet's transition.
A very special advisor, Conan the English Mastiff.
Oh, goddammit.
Might be the worst thing dogs have done.
And yet, still going to heaven.
Here emerges the mythical figure that, from the grave,
prompted his master to run for president.
Millet supposedly seeks counsel from the dead dog on a daily basis.
Indeed, Argentinians do generally love dogs.
Statistics show that for every two people in Buenos Aires, there is one dog.
Even still, anointing a dog as one's political advisor seems a bit strange.
Even stranger, Conan passed away in 2017 from spinal cancer,
but Millet claims that he and his four-legged son continue to converse and play regularly.
It doesn't stop there.
Millet says that he and Conan met in another life over 2,000 years ago at the Coliseum in Rome,
and the duo met not as a dog and a man, but as a lion and a gladiator.
According to Millet, God himself sanctioned the partnership and gave them a special mission.
These people need to be put down.
People who imagine themselves as some kind of warrior in a past life.
You meet a couple of these guys every now and again who are like,
you know what's fucking crazy, bro?
I actually fought in the fucking Crusades.
I actually was one of the gladiators in the Roman Coliseum.
You're like, oh, how did you discover that?
And they're like, well, I had a dream after watching gladiator.
Well, I was actually watching gladiator, and I don't know,
like something just hit me, and I like knew it was real.
You're like, all right, man, cool.
Are you going to hit that, or can I?
After the English Mastiff's death, Millet spent over $50,000 to produce four clones,
then named them after four famous liberal economists.
When recently questioned about the conversations he has with his dead dog,
Millet responded, quote,
What I do in my spiritual life in that home is my business.
If Conan advises me on politics, it means he is the best advisor humanity has.
Dog-manity, actually.
Well, yeah, it just so happens that the best advisor is the spirit of a dog only I communicate with.
So this is like a much deeper part of the story is that, you know,
the dogs that he sleeps with are not just any dog.
They are clones of his first dog, which, look, I'm not mad at that.
I understand wanting to clone a dog, but four times over and all at once?
I don't know.
How many teddies has there been, Jake?
Admit it.
One, one, but I've looked into making two.
The good news is that five teddies could definitely fit in your bed.
Oh, absolutely, but they wouldn't.
He doesn't like to sleep in the bed with us.
Good dog.
We would like it if he did, actually.
We want him.
We try to get him to snuggle, but he's like wants to do his own thing at nighttime.
If there's TV on or something, he'll stay.
He'll watch a show.
But once the lights go out, he's down on a pile of clothes.
And that's that's it.
That's where he wants to be.
Weird owner.
When asked about Millet's declarations on owning exactly five dogs, even though he really owns four now that Conan is dead, the official presidential spokesperson replied, if the president says he has five dogs, then he has five dogs.
Wow.
Freaking ministry of truth over here, man.
1984, dog.
They're like, you will not question the president about the number of dogs in his bed.
He's an economist.
OK, I think he can count dogs in a bed.
Yeah.
Well, that's what would if it was like Biden's spokesperson, that's what they would say.
They would be like, I think if it was Biden's spokesperson, it would be about how they ate Biden in the bed.
We have three presents and three different ways to lead with dogs.
We have the eating the dogs.
We have the dog eating people.
And we have the fucking the dogs.
That's true.
Actually, the whole political spectrum can be described with.
What you do with dogs.
I mean, the idea of a ghost dog advising a South American president is like the I don't know.
It's like the premise of like a 1970s Disney movie or something.
Yeah, totally.
It's like a funny comedy.
Well, the idea of a ghost dog that isn't a samurai is wholly weird to me, you know?
First of all, there is a ghost dog and he is a black samurai.
And it's a movie that the RZA made the soundtrack to.
Yeah, that's the joke I'm making.
Thank you for following up and giving a little backstory on the reference.
God, you can get the guy sober, but I'm still a prick.
You can take the drink out of a man, but you can't take the stink out of him.
In 2020, Millet announced that he would run for federal deputy.
The following year, he formed the coalition Liberty Advances and was elected alongside Victoria Villaruel, who would later become his vice president.
Villaruel is a central figure in the political arrangement promoted by Millet.
An ultra-conservative Catholic, she is the daughter and niece of military officers involved in repressive actions during the dictatorship.
His father was imprisoned during the democratic period for refusing to swear allegiance to the constitution and for being one of the commanders of a military uprising that attempted to overthrow the post-redemocratization government.
That uprising was somewhat similar to the bombings Bolsonaro and his friends orchestrated in 1980s Brazil, a story we discussed the last time Caio was on the pod.
Villaruel is the founder of the Center for Legal Studies on Terrorism and Its Victims, a kind of think tank focused on spitting the crimes committed by the military.
Think a victims of communism museum, but even nastier.
Villaruel refuses to acknowledge the figure of 30,000 deaths for which the dictatorship is responsible, a number now widely accepted by national and international human rights organizations.
Such denialism is a sign of the times.
Until recently, it was unimaginable for any politician of minimal relevance to adopt such an absurd position.
A close ally of the Spanish extremists of the Vox Party, the Iron Lady as Millet calls her, Villaruel seems unfazed by the criticism she receives.
Quote,
To those who call me genocidal, fascist, racist, denialist, I say I accept all that with a smile.
That's awesome.
That's an evolution of like, you know, conservatives here.
They're still denying it, but you can just be honest now, guys.
When it comes to Carina Millet, however, Villaruel cannot force a politician's smile.
In an interview, the vice president admitted that her relationship with the first lady sister of Millet is not easy.
Quote,
Carina has a strong personality, and so do I.
She is tough, but we get along.
Villaruel said unconvincingly.
When asked about Millet's role in regards to the two women, she laughed and called him jamoncito, which means poor little ham.
It's beautiful.
Spanish is a beautiful language.
Oh, jamoncito.
Mi jamoncito.
Mi jamoncito.
Together, Millet and Villaruel formed a candidacy with a clear division of tasks.
Millet, the anarcho-capitalist, was responsible for addressing economic issues such as inflation, spending cuts, and his primary yet unrealized proposal to dollarize the Argentine economy.
And Villaruel, the conservative, was tasked with handling political and social issues, including a personal battle against the strong Argentine feminist movement that, after many years of mobilization, succeeded in legalizing abortion.
Villaruel once claimed that, quote,
In Argentina, there are women aborting boys about to be born.
A piece of fake news that circulated widely among right-wing groups, and was also playing a role in our dumbass fucking election here.
This arrangement was similar to the dynamic between Bolsonaro and his finance minister, Paolo Guets.
Like Villaruel, Bolsonaro played the militant, revisionist, human rights hater, and like Millet, Guets' role was to uphold anti-state, pro-privatization sentiment.
With the Millet-Villaruel candidacy and the Liberty Advances coalition formed, the far-right entered its first contest.
The mandatory primary elections in Argentina.
To the surprise of many, Millet had collected the most votes.
Very alarmed, many people began to question, who exactly are these voters who traveled from their homes to elect this aggressive, toxic figure, a man who challenged traditional parties, but had little to do with Argentina's political culture?
Millet was elected with votes from various social classes, which is surprising, given that in Argentina, the poorest traditionally support the Peronist party.
His greatest skill was likely his ability to exploit the public's fatigue, painting the traditional populist parties as too incompetent to address the economic crisis.
To compensate for the lack of support from a legitimate party and to broaden the reach of his radical message, he knew just how to use the social networks to his advantage.
Javier Millet's presence on social media platforms is strong, especially on X, the platform formerly known as Twitter, as we keep having to repeat.
Journalist Vera Bergenkruun of Time magazine interviewed Millet.
Quote, on the day we spoke, she stated, Millet liked and retweeted 366 posts, many with delirious self-praise and capital letters.
To monitor Millet's social media usage, somebody created a website called,
How many tweets did our president like today?
According to the site, there was a day when Millet spent more than eight hours on Twitter.
Oh, highly relatable.
Oh, yes.
Highly relatable man. You know what? I get why they voted for him.
Some of the tweets the president likes are also very controversial, such as the one that compared a governor in an opposing party to a young man with Down syndrome,
or another that featured the drawing of a man with an enormous penis being carried by two women and the caption,
Javier Millet leaving Davos after telling Klaus Schwab to fuck off.
Oh, my God.
For those of you who don't know, Klaus Schwab is the president of the World Economic Forum and a big bad guy on the right here, too.
Apparently he wants us to eat bugs.
Part of Millet's success on social media during the election period is attributed to the work of Fernando Ceremedo and his Click Farms.
The Argentine businessman had previously assisted the campaigns of Jair Bolsonaro in Brazil in 2018 and José Antonio Cast,
another Bolsonaro-like fascist in Chile in 2021.
In Brazil, Ceremedo became known for organizing a live stream after President Lula's electoral victory,
aiming to discredit Brazil's electronic voting machines and create the impression that the election was rigged.
Sounds familiar.
Ceremedo is now under investigation by the Brazilian federal police for being part of a criminal organization that attempted to abolish Brazil's democratic state,
as there are indications that his actions on social media were coordinated with military personnel and advisors to Jair Bolsonaro, the defeated candidate.
According to the inquiry, Ceremedo was responsible for the, quote,
production, dissemination, and amplification of fake news regarding the integrity of the presidential elections, end quote.
Gosh, I wonder what would have happened to Trump if he lived in Brazil.
In Chile, on the eve of the plebiscite for a new constitution,
Ceremedo's institute released a fraudulent poll about the intentions of Chilean voters.
Another significant figure who contributed to Millet's social media success was Iñaki Gutiérrez,
a young influencer from an upper-middle-class background who was just over 20 years old
when he took on the role of managing the then-presidential candidates' TikTok and promoting Millet's communications with the youth.
Ah, yes, they have their own groipers. Let me guess.
The youth, the TikTok youth.
Gutiérrez was known for sharing anti-lockdown messages during the pandemic.
After the election, he was appointed director of digital communication for the government,
but he did not last one month in the position.
He was removed from his main duties after using the official Argentine government account
to retweet a photo of himself posed next to his girlfriend wishing the internet a happy new year.
Now, oddly enough, that's probably one of the more harmless things that would get posted during this campaign,
if I'm not mistaken.
You know, and then cell posting a picture of his girlfriend and say,
yeah, I have a girlfriend!
Oh my God, that image is not very nice.
Yeah.
Her name is Hirohuki Hashada, and she's from the anime.
Gun, gun, revolution.
On September 1st, 2022, the climate of political radicalization fueled by social media nearly turned into a tragedy.
As former president Christina Kirshner arrived at her residence in Buenos Aires,
a 35-year-old man approached, pointed a .32-caliber Bursa pistol at her head, and pulled the trigger.
But the old gun failed to fire.
Authorities immediately arrested this man, Fernando Andres Sabag Montiel,
and upon investigation, they discovered that he wore Nazi tattoos and participated in far-right groups online.
At the time, La Terecha Diario, or Right Wing Diary, which is a media outlet owned by Seremedo,
reported that Kirshner's allies already knew about the assassination attempt,
thereby exacerbating more conspiracy theories.
One in particular, that the attempted assassination was a false flag carried out by Kirshner's political group.
God, it's all the fucking same shit.
It's all the same.
It's all the same.
You know, when you write a screenplay, there's this book called Save the Cat,
which is like, here are the beats that you have to have in every single screenplay.
And I feel like it's the same thing for conspiracy theories.
It's like, false flag.
It's like, all of these terms and all of the theories are just the same, like,
23 ideas that have just, like, been recycled and repackaged and recooked, reheated, re-microwaved, re-nuked,
you know, for the last, you know, 100 years.
So the combination of Millet's aggressive and extremist rhetoric,
along with the proliferation of fake news and the religious crusade-like nature of his political movement,
has provoked thousands of people to spew hatred and persecute critics across social media,
many hiding behind anonymity.
For example, a young follower of Millet, under 20 years old and born more than three decades after the dictatorship,
responds to government opponents online with sentiments like, quote,
they, in parentheses, need to dive into the Rio de la Plata to find their terrorist relatives,
alluding to the thousands of political prisoners who were thrown dead or alive from Argentine air force planes
into the Rio de la Plata during the military dictatorship.
Awful.
This is eerily close to something bizarre Bolsonaro said in regards to Brazil's Truth and Reconciliation Commission,
an organization that investigated human rights violations during the period of authoritarian dictatorship.
Quote,
I'm not a dog to care about finding bones.
I'm a different kind of dog, baby.
We don't like bones.
Power only.
Even more troubling,
the absurdities broadcasted by Millet's online supporters are spilling out from social media into the streets.
In March of 2022, two men broke into the home of an activist,
a member of the human rights organization,
HIJOS,
the Sons and Daughters for Identity and Justice Against Forgetting and Silence.
They tied the woman up,
sexually abused her,
and threatened her with death.
The initials VLLC,
Millet's acronym,
which stands for
Viva La Libertad Carajo,
were graffitied on the walls of the victim's house.
And just recently,
outside the venue of a political event Millet was attending,
a television channel interviewed an 18-year-old who stated,
quote,
I hope Millet takes this country of,
what?
Oh, no.
N-word,
forward.
Ooh,
not good.
Racist slurs aren't particularly rare in Argentina,
but many say they are noticing an increase in their usage lately.
On Twitter,
an account titled,
quote,
Members of the Forces of Heaven,
sounds,
sounds bad.
As Millet's followers call themselves,
wrote,
ignorant leftist,
you are a bunch of shitty,
and then,
other bad,
N-word,
uh,
for black people.
That brings us to our next point,
that it's impossible to ignore the messianic themes within Millet's enterprise.
He likes to say that he did not come to lead lands,
but to awaken lions.
The movement's nickname itself was taken from the Book of Maccabees,
where a passage states that,
quote,
for victory in war does not depend upon the size of the army,
but on strength that comes from heaven.
A reference to the army of Jewish rebels who fought against the Greek invasion,
a century and a half before Christ.
This messianic-like fervor is evident in some of the followers' posts.
An account titled,
Javier Mele Revelation,
stated in all capital letters,
quote,
Javier not only came to save and activate prosperity in Argentina,
he came to awaken the consciousness of good people.
Another supporter asserted,
also in capital letters,
that,
quote,
Malay is like Moses,
guiding us through the desert to the promised land.
Thank you, Malay,
for saving Argentina.
God, this reminds me,
yesterday there was like a bunch of bullshit accounts,
like,
911 breaking,
or whatever,
and they're all doing like,
breaking,
there's ambulances outside of Mar-a-Lago,
Trump might be in danger,
pray for Trump,
and like,
pray for Trump just went wild,
and then it was like,
oh wait,
it was just some stuff that came along with J.D. Vance,
so that was just,
it's like,
literally like,
these guys,
these citizen journalists on the right are just like,
I saw a car,
I saw a car,
breaking,
breaking,
helicopter exists in the sky,
oh my God,
pray for Trump.
It's like the MyPillow guy documentary,
that's,
oh my God,
he's moving,
he's moving the voting booth.
Yeah?
Insane.
But all of this online zealotry is a bit strange,
considering that Millet's religiosity has always been peculiar and inconsistent.
The Argentine president was raised in a Catholic family,
but only recently identified as Catholic,
at one point saying,
God is a libertarian,
just like him.
The same God,
he believes,
has given both him and his dog a divine mission.
Furthermore,
a few years ago,
Millet dabbled in Judaism,
studying the Torah with the help of an Argentine Orthodox rabbi,
whom Millet later thanked by nominating him Argentina's ambassador to Israel.
After being elected president,
Millet first traveled to New York and,
wearing a kippah,
visited the grave of Menachem Mendel Schneerson,
who had been accused of organizing a messianic cult around his own image.
And so the reincarnated gladiator converted to Judaism,
but it's difficult to determine how much of Millet's relationship with the faith is genuine
and how much is political opportunism,
given that Argentina has the largest Jewish community in Latin America
and one of the largest in the world.
I'm related to some Argentinian Jews,
believe it or not.
In line with his far-right international allies,
Millet promised to move the Argentine embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem,
a promise not yet fulfilled.
Millet's second international trip as president was to Israel,
the first being to Davos,
where he delivered a speech criticizing feminists, environmentalists,
and the concept of social justice.
That's very brave.
I bet the Davos crowd was like,
Oh no!
You're so wooed, Mr. Twomp.
On February 6, 2024,
while the Israeli government was bombing Gaza,
committing war crimes and violating numerous human rights,
Millet visited the Western Wall in Jerusalem.
There, in an unusual display for a head of state,
he stood for a long time with his hands raised,
embracing the wall in silence and crying profusely.
As one does at the wall.
No, I didn't do that.
I stuck a little note in there that was like,
Oh, please let this girl who I have a crush on,
like, fall in love with me.
That's what I asked God for at like 16 years old
when I went on my like Israel,
my like Israel discovery trip.
Please.
Oh, please.
Please, let me get my dick wet.
Let her like me.
We're in a play together.
Wailing wall.
Did it work?
No, no, no.
Looks like Judaism is entirely wrong.
After Israel, Millet headed to the Vatican
to meet Pope Francis,
a figure Millet has publicly insulted many times.
That's so awesome, though.
Like finally meeting up with someone
you like dissed on Twitter over and over.
It's a bit like Travis
when he finally met up with In the Matrix.
Tom Arnold.
Yeah, yeah.
You don't think you're going to be in that situation
until you are, yeah.
Ah, look who's here.
Scumbag view.
And Pope Francis, he's in Argentina.
He's Bergoglio.
Oh, yes, right.
Before elected, Millet called the Pope,
quote,
an idiot who defends social justice,
the representative of evil on earth,
a Jesuit who promotes communism,
and an unpresentable and nefarious character.
For much less merely ripping the Pope's photo in half
on Saturday Night Live,
Sinead O'Connor's career was almost completely destroyed.
But before his trip, Millet apologized,
and the meeting with Pope Francis took place
without any incident.
That's, uh, yeah.
You know what's really great about insulting the Pope?
He's got to forgive ya.
Mm-hmm.
Good stuff.
And so does his dad.
If you ask.
Wait, do you think,
wait, wait, one second.
You think that the Pope's dad is God?
Yeah.
Okay.
No, we're not gonna,
we're not gonna,
we're not gonna explain Christian doctrine to Jake.
No, we're not gonna explain it again.
Yeah, Pope's dad, Jesus.
Isn't that why everybody's saying father?
We keep going.
Father, forgive me.
We keep going.
Menachem.
Gesundheit.
More often than not,
Millet avoids meetings with mainstream authorities
when conducting official travel.
He meets almost exclusively with far-right activists,
politicians, and other candidates,
treating them like true leaders of their countries.
But this doesn't go unnoticed.
For ignoring mainstream leaders,
Millet has conjured up beefs with Brazil's Lula,
Colombia's Petro, Chile's Boric,
and even the King of Spain,
as we'll see later on.
Karina Millet accompanies her brother
for most of these travels and public appearances.
But her job is mostly behind the scenes,
organizing everything from his wardrobe
to his business meetings.
This role keeps her away from controversy
with a few exceptions,
such as when she chose International Women's Day
to rename the Women's Hall
in the government headquarters
to the Hall of National Heroes.
When asked about the change,
the government spokesperson stated,
the existence of a women's hall
should be considered discriminatory towards men.
Despite promising to fight the privileges
of a group he calls the political caste,
on his first day in office,
Millet changed the anti-nepotism law
that prohibited the appointment
of relatives to public positions.
Then he appointed his sister, Karina,
to the General Secretariat of the Presidency,
a position with ministerial status,
even though Millet had previously stated
that Karina would work as a government advisor
without receiving a salary.
While her private persona may seem innocuous,
it's clear that Millet has not only
gotten his sister paid,
but also obtained for her
legitimate political power.
A university poli-sci researcher
named Carolina Berry said that
Karina Millet's power
goes way beyond any political position.
That was for The Guardian.
Another person who cannot avoid controversy
is Foreign Minister Diana Mondino,
a liberal economist who became a millionaire
after founding a risk-rating agency
in the 1990s.
Mondino was considered
for the vice-presidential slot,
but ended up running and getting elected
for federal deputy via Millet's party.
When asked about Millet's proposal
to halt all public works
to curb government spending,
Mondino demonstrated her understanding
of liberal economics by saying,
let the residents build their own sewage system.
During the election process,
Mondino defended Millet
and his proposal to create an organ market,
which she called fantastic.
Wait, what?
What?
What are they talking about?
The kind of pianos you play in church?
This is like some QAnon nightmare shit.
Yeah.
When asked about same-sex marriage,
she compared the act of non-heterosexual love
to not bathing and having lice.
Philosophically, as a liberal,
Mondino said,
I agree with everyone's life project.
It is much broader than equal marriage.
Let me exaggerate.
If you prefer not to bathe
and be full of lice
and that is your choice, fine.
Just don't complain
if there is someone who doesn't like you
because you have lice.
That's fucked up.
It's like, I respect all people
to be whoever they want to be,
even if they're filthy, disgusting degenerates
who defy God not to burn.
Even if you're that,
you can be who you want to be.
Yeah, even if you're disgusting,
homosexual, which we all hate.
You have your freedom.
As conductor of Argentina's foreign policy,
Mondino is not very different from Millet.
In her dealings with Brazil and China,
Argentina's two most important trading partners,
she went out of her way to create animosities.
Before the election,
Mondino stated that she would, quote,
stop interacting with the governments
of Brazil and China.
Millet himself had called Brazilian President Lula
a communist prisoner
and a socialist with a totalitarian vocation
and said he would sever ties with China
because he doesn't negotiate with communists.
When asked if he would change his position if elected,
Millet responded,
I don't trade money for morals.
Obviously, things did not quite turn out that way.
Shortly after taking office,
Millet approached China to request the renewal
of their swap agreement.
At the same time,
without informing Millet,
Mondino invited Taiwan's trade representatives
to Argentina for a private meeting,
which infuriated the Chinese.
Shortly thereafter,
when asked about the presence of military activities
at a Chinese satellite launching base in Argentina,
Mondino replied, quote,
no one detected that there were military personnel there.
Those who investigated did not identify
that there were military personnel.
They are all Chinas.
They all look the same.
Oh my God.
He didn't even call them Chinese.
He just said Chinas.
Chinas.
Jesus Christ.
That's so bad.
Ah.
God.
Millet's growing pragmatism
is also evident in the appointment
of Patricia Pato Bullrich
to serve as head of Argentina's
Ministry of Public Security.
Bullrich is a hardline conservative politician
who ran against Millet in the 2023 election,
finishing in third place.
Before joining Millet's cabinet,
she was a member of the Peronista Youth
and a supporter of an urban guerrilla movement
in the 1970s,
served as a minister in Fernando de la Rua's government
in the 1990s,
and was also a minister in Mauricio Macri's government
in the 2010s,
thus navigating the entire Argentine political spectrum
from the far left to the far right.
Before being elected,
Millet claimed that Bullrich was a murderer
who, quote, placed bombs in kindergartens,
referenced her past and her connection
to the Montaneros guerrilla.
However, after advancing to the second round,
Millet sought her support
and that of her ally,
former president Mauricio Macri,
whom Millet had previously called a, quote,
fascist and, quote, repugnant,
but later stated he, quote,
agreed with 90% of his policies.
Okay.
Incredible.
Incredible.
I hate Hitler,
but I love what he's done
for this beautiful country of Germany.
I love what he's done.
I just love the way he's been building schools,
building roads.
Some even say he built that little mustache,
very funny mustache, above his mouth.
Known for her iron fist approach,
Pato Bullrich is now responsible
for leading the attack on social movements
through her plan she calls the, quote,
anti-protest protocol.
Uh-oh.
We don't like when protocol
is in the name of the governing plan.
Protocol of the elders of protesting.
This, I mean, anti-protest protocol
is, like, the name you'd give
to a paramilitary force
in, like, a young adult dystopian novel
to, like, make the 13-year-olds
really understand that this is a bad thing.
Not trying to say, you know?
Absolutely.
Anti-protest protocol
is, like, what a cyborg says
before it starts, like, opening fire
on a group of protesters.
Oh, I'm cooked.
This has cooked me.
Great.
Which many have described
as a set of anti-democratic
repressive actions, I would agree.
In response, the people of Argentina
have organized many riots and marches.
In fact, they now call Buenos Aires
the, quote, Paris of the tropics
because the city is famous
for having at least one march per day.
Furthermore, Pato Bullrich
is just as capable as Millay
and Modino
of creating international crises.
Earlier this year,
she claimed,
without providing any evidence,
that members of Hezbollah
were present in northern Chile.
Okay.
A country with which
Argentina shares
its longest border.
She claimed that
traces of the militia
were seen in several other regions
of South America as well.
This angered Chilean
President Boric
and he demanded answers
from Bullrich
and told the press
that Chile was not harboring
any terrorist groups.
And now,
to complete Millay's list
of international confusions,
we must discuss
the trouble he caused
with Colombia and Spain.
On different occasions,
Millay called
Colombian President
Gustavo Petro
a former guerrilla fighter,
a, quote,
communist murderer
who is sinking Colombia,
and stated that, quote,
one cannot expect much
from someone
who was a terrorist murderer,
leading to a temporary break
in diplomatic relations
between the two countries.
His attacks
on Spanish Prime Minister
Pedro Sanchez
were even more serious.
When Millay visited Spain,
he did not meet
with any government members,
but instead gave a lecture
at an event
of the far-right Vox Party.
During his speech,
he insinuated
that the Spanish First Lady
is corrupt
and that her husband
is complicit.
Days later,
he also claimed
that Sanchez is, quote,
an incompetent liar
and coward.
In response,
Spain withdrew its ambassador
from Buenos Aires.
Spain's king
considered Millay's actions
so rude,
he very publicly
refused to meet him.
To complete the list
of Millay's bizarre supporters,
we must mention
Lilia Lemoyne,
a professional cosplayer.
Huh?
Okay.
Here we fucking go.
Of course.
A professional cos...
This, I tell you,
this script is one
where I get very surprised
by, like,
the next word
that comes up.
It's not what I think
it's going to be.
And this is one
of those moments.
A professional cosplayer
with whom Millay
once had a brief
romantic relationship,
who is now also
a federal deputy
for the president's party.
Lemoyne has been involved
in scandals
ranging from promoting
an irregular
cosmetic procedure
to change eye color
to advocating
for flat earth theory.
Okay.
Quote,
the governments want
to hide that the earth
is flat,
Lemoyne has said,
and, quote,
there was a great ice wall
surrounding the flat earth,
and also,
the moon landing
was staged.
Okay.
During the pandemic,
she also suggested
a curious methodology
for scientific investigation.
In her words,
quote,
we have the World Health Organization.
Each country has its own
scientific research body.
Is it so difficult
to take a coronavirus patient,
have him cough on a table,
and then have another person,
obviously without risk factors,
lick the table
and see if they get infected or not?
Oh, okay.
One of the great minds
of our time.
Is it so hard
to inject COVID-19
into someone's ass
and have someone else
eat it right out of it?
Is it so hard
to have a scene
from Sallow recreated,
but instead of poop,
it's COVID-19?
As a reward
for her contributions
to science,
Lemoyne was nominated
by Millais' party
to be Secretary of Science
for the Chamber of Deputies.
Speaking of the coronavirus,
the pandemic
created fertile ground
for all sorts
of bizarre ideas
for Millais supporters.
Guido Orlando,
a nightclub owner,
which is,
I mean,
which is a perfect name
for a nightclub owner.
It sounds like the name
of a nightclub owner
like GTA or something.
Yeah.
Stated on his Twitter,
quote,
the coronavirus imported
from China
could be the solution
to the Argentine pension system.
A few years later,
after Millais' election,
the businessman
was appointed
to head
of the Comprehensive
Medical Care Program
in the city of Rosario,
a public body
whose main function
is to promote
health care for retirees.
Wow, nightmare.
Yeah, so,
yeah, just,
I mean,
he sounds like
he had this idea
like,
I guess,
before Trump
is to appoint,
you know,
appoint cabinet positions
to people who hate
the office
that they're holding
the most.
So it's clear
that Millais
is surrounded
by lunatic,
violent,
and incompetent supporters,
both on social media
and in institutional
positions of power.
But perhaps
we should ask
what the president
of Argentina
really thinks.
And how is his government
actually doing?
During one of the
presidential debates,
Sergio Massa,
the center-left
candidate for the
Peronis party
we mentioned earlier,
made this provocative
statement.
Quote,
tell people why
your internship
at the central bank
wasn't renewed.
It's very important
because it's part
of this discussion
regarding the
psychological test.
I understand
that you are angry
with the central bank
and talk about
destroying it
because at some point
you felt rejected.
Massa isn't the only one
to point out
that while there
is no proof,
there are clear
indications that
Millais is not
psychologically fit
to be president
of a country.
Millais is driven
by resentment
and vanity.
He sees himself
as a kind of hero
chosen by God
to lead Argentina
to salvation.
He even dressed up
in a black and yellow
superhero costume
to assume the persona
he created,
General and Cap.
Oh, god damn it.
Oh my god,
you're so fucking annoying!
Why are you so annoying?
And to do all this
with these level
of mutton chops
makes it extra bad,
I feel like.
Millais claims
to come from
a dystopian future
like the Terminator
to prevent socialism.
On one occasion,
Lemoyne said about Millais,
quote,
he looks like Wolverine,
he acts like Wolverine,
he's like an anti-hero.
Numerous images
produced by
artificial intelligence
which depict
Millais as a lion
also reveal
the man's vanity.
And so does
another image
where Millais' face
replaces Napoleon's
in a painting
by Paul Delaroche,
a curious representation
of the defeated
French emperor.
In other images,
Millais,
or the lion Millais,
appears holding
a chainsaw,
one of his main
campaign symbols
meant to signify
the spending cuts
he promised.
His voters
embraced the symbol
and some even
went to vote
dressed as chainsaws.
Are we the baddies?
Wow.
A political movement
that is dressed up
like the worst ghoul
at the haunted house
where they have
the chainsaws
with no,
and they chase
after you,
you know,
if you've been
to a haunted house
recently?
Oh, maybe not.
Nope.
All right.
Somebody's gonna go,
oh, those chainsaw guys,
yeah, I hate them.
Me too.
Yeah.
Scary.
New technologies
like artificial intelligence
are indeed a fetish
for the Argentine president.
Like an impressionable teenager,
Millais is an open fan
of Elon Musk,
whom he previously visited
at the Tesla factory
during his trip
to the U.S.
and whose posts
he frequently retweets.
The love is reciprocal
as there is nothing
Elon loves more
than a sycophant.
After Millais' visit
to Tesla,
a supporting influencer
posted a photo
of former president
Alberto Fernandez
with a young resident
of a poor neighborhood
alongside a photo
of Millais with Musk
commenting favorably,
quote,
an impressive change
we've achieved
in November 2023.
Millais' fascination
with new technologies
is fueled by his
self-perception
as an innovator
and a revolutionary.
Recently,
after a meeting
with Google executives,
Millais stated
that he intends
to reform the Argentine state
with artificial intelligence
without providing
any explanation
of how this would work.
Mm-hmm.
Millais sees the state
like Don Quixote
saw the windmills,
as distorted images,
as hallucinations,
creating an enemy
where there is none.
In Millais' simplistic discourse,
everything associated
with the state is bad
and everything associated
with the market is good.
In one of his most
absurd metaphors,
while shaking
and nearly foaming
at the mouth,
Millais evoked
the image of the state
as, quote,
a pedophile
in the kindergarten
with children chained
and smeared
with Vaseline.
Jesus fucking,
what the fuck
is wrong with you, man?
What is wrong
with these people?
Who's thinking
of this stuff?
This man is sick.
Metaphors involving
pedophilia and rape
are not rare
in Millais' speeches.
On another occasion,
the president
compared politicians
to an army
of pedophiles
with withdrawal syndrome
in the kindergarten.
I mean,
this guy has, like,
incredible imagination
about how pedophiles do
and what they behave
and where they go.
Wait, does he think
pedophiles, like,
if they go cold turkey,
like, they're gonna,
like, just die
or something?
Ah, I've been molested
a child in three hours.
I'm starting to sweat.
Oh, my dick,
it's falling off.
Like, what do they think?
What does he think
is gonna happen?
Why are you thinking about
what happens to pedophiles
if they can't molest
a child in a certain
amount of time?
Who's thinking about
that kind of shit?
I hate it.
Let's move on, please.
Yeah, please.
Millais' position
on children in general
is curious,
given that before
becoming a candidate,
he suggested that
child adoption
should be part
of the market.
Once Millais said,
quote,
if we allowed adoptions
to be a free market
and not a state-regulated market,
we would see how
those who become pregnant,
even when they don't want to,
would find a way
out of the situation.
Way to combat pedophilia.
Yeah, exactly.
We're gonna sell babies
to the highest bidder
is the best way
to protect children.
He's also in favor
of opening an organ market,
by the way.
Starting from the idea
that the state
is evil incarnate
and that all evil
is leftist,
Millais argued
that the Italian fascist
dictator Benito Mussolini
was leftist
because he strengthened
the state.
The far right
frequently propagates
this kind of misinformation
and it has affected
political thinking
all over the globe,
ironically influencing
fascist-leaning policies.
For Millais,
it's more about
destruction than construction.
He openly states
that his goal
is to dismantle
the Argentine state.
After elected president,
Millais declared
in an interview,
quote,
I love being the infiltrator
within the state.
I am the one
who destroys the state
from within.
It's like being infiltrated
in enemy lines.
State reform has to be done
by someone who hates the state
and I hate the state
so much that I am willing
to endure all kinds of lies,
slander,
and insults,
both about myself
and my most loved ones
who are my sister,
my dogs,
and my parents.
Note that dogs
came before parents!
Sister,
dogs,
parents!
Sister,
dog,
parents,
bed.
That's his pyramid of care.
God.
But does Millais
really hate the state?
After all the diatribes,
fake news,
shady political alliances,
controversial statements,
after so many
bizarre proposals,
does Millais
really want to destroy
the state?
The answer is nuanced.
He's already abandoned
his campaign promises
to combat the privileges
of the political class.
His promise to travel
on commercial flights
has been forsaken.
His sister now only travels
in public vehicles
with drivers.
And in an era of budget cuts,
he has managed to increase
the salaries of deputies
and senators
with the support
of the government's base parties.
As a repressive apparatus,
the state is expanding.
The abundant and vigorous
social movements
and trade unions
in Argentina
have been facing
severe repression,
silencing civil society movements
seems a necessary task
to advance Millais'
political agenda,
something he appears
to have learned
from the leftist
quote-unquote
Mussolini
or Margaret Thatcher,
the latter of whom Millais
has repeatedly cited
as an idol,
despite the fact
that she led the UK
into the Falklands' war
against Argentina.
That was the bogus
territory battle
that we discussed earlier.
Said Millais about Thatcher,
the Falklands are still British
and Thatcher was brilliant.
Just like Thatcher,
Millais is dismantling
the welfare state,
and most everything
that ensured
a dignified life
for middle and lower class people
is currently in grave danger.
Public education,
basic sanitation,
public transportation,
retirement, etc.
And it seems
the money Millais
is extracting from welfare
he is spending
on military equipment
and weapons.
During this severe
economic crisis,
the state managed
to seal a $300 million deal
with Denmark
for two dozen old F-16s
with the blessings
of Joe Biden RIP.
Nothing tickles me more
than the joke
that Joe Biden
is already dead.
I mean,
figuratively,
I mean he...
We don't know
what the future holds
for Argentina
under Millais' administration,
but we can try
to analyze
and comprehend
the current climate.
Politically,
the country remains
almost evenly divided
with varying levels
of support for Millais
depending on the state
and region.
The economy
is still struggling
despite the celebrated
primary surplus
and the modest reduction
in inflation.
Prices of goods,
especially basic products,
continue to rise.
Industrial activity,
once the largest
in Latin America,
has been showing
consecutive and drastic
declines each month.
Poverty in Argentina
is soaring
and by the end
of the first quarter
of 2024,
it reached 55%
of the population.
So,
sounds like he's going
in the opposite direction
of Mexico,
which is,
you know,
obviously not good
for most of the population.
Looking ahead,
the fate of Millais' government
depends on him
and how his leadership
is received
by other international powers.
As he likes to assert,
there is no plan B.
Millais will push forward
with his project,
which so far
has yielded few positive results
in terms of diplomacy
or the well-being
of the Argentine people.
Perhaps now that Donald Trump
is going to be U.S. president,
Argentina will be
a little less isolated
internationally,
which might lead
to more support
for Millais'
ultra-liberal economic agenda.
How much the population
will endure
the harsh adjustments
remains uncertain.
We have to remember
that after a social crisis
in 2001,
a wave of protests
in Argentina
led to the election
of five different presidents
in just 11 days.
It's impressive.
The challenges are immense
and more than ever,
Millais will now need
the wise advice
of his deceased dog.
This is, um,
an incredible...
What a journey.
Journey.
Thank you, Caillou.
You're welcome.
Sounds like...
It really cheers us up
after our election,
you know,
to hear how fucked
another country is.
No, I was going to say
it's so good to hear
that things are going
so well in other countries,
that we're kind of
the ones who shit the bed here
and everybody else,
they've got it
pretty much together.
It's insane how in Brazil
we are getting things together.
Like, Bolsonaro will
assume the rest
probably next year
and together with him
eight generals,
different generals.
But yes,
in Argentina,
things are insane.
My father was there
like one month ago
and said that
every price is
insanely high.
Insanely high.
And the main way
he did to cut
the budget was,
okay,
inflation will go on
and frozen salaries.
So,
in two years,
most of
public servants
have their
salaries halved,
cut in half
because of
the inflation.
And he said,
well,
if you want to
quit,
quit.
And this is how
he's cutting
the Argentina budget.
It's just like
weighting the inflation
to make everyone
leave public office.
They're treating
government like
how Hollywood
does PAs.
Basically,
like,
if you get to
a certain age,
like,
instead of
paying you
what you should
be worth
or giving you,
like,
at the very least
a 3% raise,
they just,
like,
fire you
and then hire
a college kid
who's willing
to take less money
to take your job.
But they're doing
this with the government.
But they're actually
closing universities.
So you don't even
have the college kid.
You're going to have
a lot of cosplayers
and some incels,
probably,
who are willing
to take the job.
He's trying to sell
five different
college campy
in Buenos Aires.
Buenos Aires has,
like,
50% of Argentine
population
and he's trying
to sell
the campy
to different
private companies.
It's insane.
Like,
what are they
going to put there?
Like,
a big Chipotle
or something?
Probably a university.
They would just
build a university
of a private university
and,
you know,
people there
got fired.
It's like
a privatization
without any money.
I really look forward
to the cool friendship
between two of the most
melted world leaders.
Like,
just two absolute mutants.
Trump's just going to be like,
how do you get your hair
like that?
Where do you get those chops?
Beautiful chops.
I'm really struggling
with mine.
Some of the most
beautiful chops
I've ever seen.
I want to lick them.
Podcast is not
a visual platform,
but you really should
research
Malay slop,
AI slops.
It's insane.
It's insane.
Oh,
the AI slop of him?
He make like
five or six
different
Tali pictures
and throw in there
and it's okay.
Every time a lion,
he has something
with lions.
This whole,
and a lot of time
with lion
dressed as Israel
and it's insane.
It's insane.
Caio,
thank you so much
once again
for being our guest
writer this week.
Thank you.
Where can people
find more of your work,
man?
intercept.com.br
I'm an editor
at Intercept.
I have a sub stack.
It's in Portuguese,
however.
I kept my Twitter account
and I only tweet
in English,
but I tweet
very little there.
I have a blue sky,
so on.
And now I'm entering
a new podcast
in Brazil,
Vira Casacas.
Oh,
what does that stand for?
Turncoat.
Nice.
But it's usually
referred to
turncoat
as in
soccer teams,
people that
change their
soccer teams.
It's a joke.
Right.
It's a regular joke.
Also,
Milet did that.
He once was
a supporter
of Boca Junior,
that's the greatest
soccer,
and he became
the supporter
of River Plate
because he had
a beef
with the presence
of Boca Junior
because he was
against privatization
of soccer teams.
It's insane.
Wow.
That's incredible
because those are
like the two
teams that
hate each other.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like
Marseille and Paris.
Yeah.
They kill each other
in the streets.
They have big fights.
You can't have
a mixed stadium.
It's only one
or only the other fans.
You can't
just mix two people
and they will
kill each other.
And then he changed
because he fought
with the president
of Boca Junior.
Also a very insane
story but
too far off
talking about
soccer in the US.
Thank you so much
listener for
tuning in to
another premium
episode of the
QAA podcast.
You can go to
our website if you
want other things
or whatever.
QAApodcast.com
Listener,
until next week,
may the deep dish
bless you
and keep you.
We have auto-keyed
content based
on your preferences.
A very special
congratulations
to Javier Malay
on a great race
for president
of Argentina.
The whole world
was watching
and I am very
proud of you.
You will turn
your country around
and truly make
Argentina great again.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
