Now, now, now, now, now, now, now.
Now, there was something I wanted to say, something which will hopefully recur to me any moment now, to start off this episode before I forgot it, which I have now forgotten, and to avoid my penchant for spiraling off into labyrinths, which is important, both methodologically and because, I don't know if you know this, a couple of you know this, but I am the Minotaur.
I am the Minotaur.
My name is Minotaur S. Judge, but not the Minotaur you're probably thinking of.
You probably know the snow job story, the cover story.
What do those Trump-Russia people love to call it?
Dizinformatia.
You probably know the Dizinformatia, which is that the Minotaur lives in the labyrinth, which is built to keep the Quester, the Crusader, out until, who was it?
I think Theseus and Ariadne managed to get in there.
And the Minotaur is this horrifying ravenous beast living in the heart of the labyrinth to protect, you know, its secret knowledge or treasure or whatever the fuck it was.
No, that is the mass culture version, and you shouldn't be fooled by it.
The labyrinth was not built to keep the Crusader out.
The labyrinth was built to keep the Minotaur in.
And the Minotaur is not some predatory nightmare creature.
The Minotaur is a terrified, profoundly lonely, agonized beast, which is neither one thing nor the other, which has no kin, nothing of its kind, no context to support it.
And which, if it acts in a way that appears to be frightening to other people, is acting that way out of utter horror and bafflement and perplexity at how it got there and what it is and why it can't seem to communicate with any other living thing.
That's the real Minotaur.
That's the Minotaur I am.
That's the Minotaur David Bowie was obsessively painting throughout the 1990s.
You should see his paintings if you haven't, incidentally.
And my status as Minotaur does dictate that I do spiral off into labyrinths.
But as you see, it's both thematically and methodologically sound.
Speaking of sound, apologies again if I sound fucking loopy during this episode.
It's still that goddamn prescription change.
I'm not high, fucked up.
I'm not nodding off or anything.
I just feel goofy as shit.
Oh, right, right, right.
The thing I wanted to say, the important thing to begin with, was that I wanted to dedicate this episode to a man that I'm not 100% sure I actually know his name.
And even if I do have his name right, I'm not 100% sure if he wants that to be public information.
So I'm just going to say this is dedicated to the man behind the podcast Ghost Stories for the End of the World.
Over there in Yaksha.
Well, it's all goes down.
It's always going down in Yaksha, right?
I'm sure some of you out there are already aware of this.
And if you aren't, I recommend Becoming So because it is the most exciting new thing I have heard in this field for a long time.
There's a particular series called The Octopus, which is one of the goddamnedest things I've ever heard.
And the influence of that on some of my thinking in this subject matter will become evident, probably more evident in the next installment.
But hopefully throughout.
Some of you might think that being in this world, I would be up on everything and hearing everything that's coming out.
But actually, as a classical obsessive compulsive, that's not what I do at all.
I find one thing and then I get my hooks in it.
And then I helplessly really fixate on it and learn every goddamn thing I can about it.
And I can't go on to anything else until I have gotten through all that.
So I'm way behind on a lot of things, actually.
And I gather Ghost Stories for the End of the World has a significant following.
But if you listen to me and you're not listening to him, you should be.
It's right up the correct alley.
And it is dealing with the subject matter in a way that I think is vastly more interesting and enlightening and thematically appropriate than a lot of other stuff within this general sphere.
I mean, put it this way, I don't want to take extra credit for it or anything.
But hearing that show makes me feel good about having done this show.
Because I feel like there is someone out there who fucking got it.
Someone who is possibly also a Minotaur, I guess.
A Yaksha Minotaur.
I couldn't say.
We've never met in person.
But I wanted to say that at the beginning of all this, before it slipped my mind.
And then, of course, it did slip my mind.
Now, the matter at hand, the archetypes that I have spoken about before in the 20th century.
And eventually here, the emergence of a new archetype who is a creature of the 20th century.
But I think who is a remarkable sort of, I guess you'd call him a futurist contagion.
A proleptic virus of what it is the 21st century would come to mean insofar as it means anything yet.
And in the last episode, I talked about Oswald, of course.
And what you might call the general trend of Oswaldism or Oswaldization.
The horrific situation of being stuck in a mediatized landscape.
Which you have essentially no power to change.
And which you feel is the real world.
That you are not allowed into.
It was Oswald himself, actually, who wrote in a letter to, I believe, his brother.
That, this is a paraphrase.
But it was something like,
The purpose of a human life or a man's life is to merge that life with the general life of history.
It is a form of paradoxically narcissistic self-abnegation.
Because on the one hand, that's me saying that, not Oswald.
Because on the one hand, you know, of course, it is all about you.
You is all it is.
But on the other hand, you, in those instances, functions less as a person or identity.
And more as a form of currency.
The you-ness of you is the way you buy your way into the general tide of history.
It's the way you enter the world where things really happen.
And I think, I haven't known a lot of really famous people.
But I've known a fair few pretty famous people.
And I have been one or two, you know, acquaintances away from some really famous ones.
And I think this is part of what is behind the way that we now expect the tragic arc of the famous person.
Especially one who gets famous young and is, you know, rebellious and is breaking the mold and so forth.
That, obviously, there are a million material factors involved.
And it's always important to restate that.
Because if you're outside of the record business, for instance, or publishing, or the pictures outside of Hollywood,
you really can't possibly imagine just how badly those people get fucked over.
In monetary terms, most obviously, but in essentially every other way as well.
The sort of self-abasement they're expected to go through in order to have even the tiniest kind of chance.
The sort of mounds upon mounds of recommendations that are really orders from idiots for how they should change,
oh, you know, everything they do.
So, it's a vile world.
It's horrifying to actually live there.
And, obviously, drugs, you know, there's a material thing here as well that a lot of these people may have been somewhat into drugs
before they reached, you know, the iconosphere at all.
But the iconosphere, like the American government in the 1980s, runs on drugs.
And those drugs perform every conceivable useful function to the people with power.
From getting you to make agreements that you wouldn't make otherwise.
To holding debt and drug problems over your head as a way to force you into things.
Threatening to suddenly call in some money you might owe them.
Or to give your name to a distributor who is really not happy with you right now.
Or simply to cut off the supply.
All that coke that's been at every party you've been to, not going to be there anymore.
Or to threaten you by saying, you know, if you don't do this, we're going to do a press campaign.
In which it's all about your rehab and rediscovery of yourself.
And we're going to send you to the fucking Crossroads Center in Antigua with Eric fucking Clapton.
To cure your drug problem in a tabloid friendly way.
You know, the way Hunter Biden's drug problems got cured there over and over and over.
And the inevitable results of all this, both as a personal experience and as a press campaign,
will be that when you get out, you will suddenly see the wisdom of everything we've ever told you to do.
Everything we've ever threatened you with.
It's just a...
The word evil gets thrown around a lot.
And I think sometimes rather lightly.
I think evil is a word that should be reserved for true instances thereof.
But that world is evil.
It is fucking foul.
And you cannot imagine not just the depths to which people will go,
but the way the people you thought you knew or even really did know
will descend to those depths in their own self-interest in front of your fucking eyes.
That is all true.
That is all, you know, I was going to say necessary.
Not necessary, but necessary in the philosophical sense.
Conditioning in that world, right?
And of course, that world tends to attract people who maybe don't have the most balanced or stable sense of themselves already.
And people who get into it incredibly young before they can possibly have any idea what they're getting involved with, right?
That's all in there.
None of that is to be overlooked.
But I think that that sort of tragic arc that is now ever since, I don't know, James Dean might be the first great modern instance of it.
We sort of learn to expect that.
And I think the expectation of that is partly all the material factors that I just mentioned.
But I think it's also partly the sort of depersonalization of having made it into that sphere, right?
Of having merged your life with the general life of history.
That in a strange way, it makes you absolutely no one.
Because, you know, in theory, fame is the celebration and reward for exactly who you are.
You specifically.
Once you're there, though, you realize that you are a seat filler for a particular kind of role.
They need this kind of guy or this kind of woman.
And you're the this kind of guy of the moment.
And the delirium of that, the way that on one hand, it's this brutal schizoid split where outwardly everyone is being told and you are being told.
It's about you, you, you, you, you.
You're so fantastic.
You're so talented.
You're so charismatic.
It's all about your personality.
And then behind the scenes, all events conspire to tell you it doesn't fucking matter who you are at all.
You're not anybody.
You're famous.
When you're famous, you give up the right to have a personality.
And we've got plenty more people to fill that fucking seat if you fuck this up.
I think that, you know, sadly presumptive live fast, die young thing is, I don't know about caused, but certainly encouraged and reinforced by this idea of breaking into the iconosphere by merging your life with history's life.
Because if you've done that right.
Then who cares about you?
If you're just historical material, it's like the more egotistical flip side of seeing a number, you know, learning about Napoleon trying to invade Russia or whatever.
And seeing these vast numbers of deaths and seriously trying to imagine one by one by one that these were all real people.
These people had lives.
These people had inner lives.
These people had families.
These people had histories.
They actually lived and they actually died.
And now they're numbers.
Well, the inverse of that is celebrity in which you're the outer shell of your life and who you are is the the thing that is promulgated and proselytized and promoted by by a gigantic economic machine.
Right.
But the the real side, the side waiting off in the wings, speaking senseless things, his trick is you and me, boys.
That side is the one telling you, you know, stamping your hand and saying, right, number one hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred and eighty six.
You are outwardly a person and you are inwardly a statistic.
Of course, that drives people out of their fucking minds.
It's it's an impossible way to try to live.
And it is, I think, for that reason, among others that, you know, Oswald syndrome extends the way it does, particularly now down to the kind of personalized secret.
The kind of sense of yourself as being distinct from the background of all those people who live in the dusty gray heat of the fucking newsprint world and their sad little hovels.
You look like one of those, but you aren't.
You know, secretly, you're important.
And that importance, because this is America and we have precious little recourse to any kind of help at all, often takes the form of violence, whether violence to oneself or violence to others.
You know, on the spectrum, as I talked about from something like alcoholism, which I'm not minimizing, by the way, that shit is here's a good opportunity to say evil.
That shit is evil.
It really, really fucked up not just my life, but the lives of a lot of people around me for a few years when when I had a horrible drinking problem.
And it's not so much a scale of severity, but a scale of exteriorization, I would say, that has, you know, suicidal alcoholism on the one end and something like a mass shooting on the other.
And I've talked enough, I think, about Oswald and his specific relation to the iconosphere on this show that you probably all have a pretty good idea what I'm talking about.
In fact, the vague idea of the iconosphere has been rattling around my brain for a long time.
But the first time I really, really had it clearly, you know, it just snapped.
It delineated exactly right in my mind.
I was reading about Oswald and particularly the portrayal of Oswald and Don DeLillo's Libra, which I think is, you know, it's not the best source in trying to figure out how the Kennedy assassination happened.
But it's phenomenal at depicting the kinds of lives that would lead people to get mobbed up in something like that.
You know, that's I remember it very clearly in my terrible little one room apartment overlooking the fucking highway in Denton, Texas when I was 20.
Reading Libra and thinking, holy shit, this is the thing I've been thinking about.
So you've got that idea.
And to move on from there, I want to discuss someone who I've brought up on the show a number of times, but I've never, I don't think, treated him in exactly the way I mean to treat him here.
A certain Lafayette Ronald Hubbard.
Lafayette.
What a fucking name.
I have done a couple Hubbard episodes.
In fact, if you go back, I think some of the best shows I've ever done were on L.
Ron Hubbard with Matt Chrisman.
They're hard for me to listen to because I was so fucked up during them.
What you're hearing there is about a fifth of whiskey and three or four Xanax and a whole bunch of junk.
And I thought I sounded normal.
I did not.
So it's uncomfortable for me to go back to those.
But if you can stomach me fucking slurring through the whole thing and talking incredibly slowly, then I do think there is some good information to be found in those.
But those were more about Hubbard the guy and about some of the the machinations of Scientology.
And what I want to do tonight is focus more on Hubbard in those archetypal terms that I have I have discussed.
Specifically, mid 20th century American.
You know, the whole idea started with if you're a 20th century American, which, you know, I am no matter how long I live, you're on a scale between Oswald and Hubbard.
And we've seen what the Oswald end of that scale is.
So what is the Hubbard end of that scale?
And I want to treat that in a way that may at first seem sort of unduly sympathetic to Hubbard.
Trust me, it's not.
L. Ron Hubbard was one of the great fucking scumbags of the last couple hundred years.
The guy was monstrous.
But in in pointing out where he came from, in pointing out how his specific time gave rise to the sort of you can't call it a school of thought.
It wasn't that.
But really more to a code of behavior that he emblematized.
I think you start to understand some things about both the guy and his time that are elighted in other accounts of Hubbard and Scientology.
Because, I mean, we all know this is the period in which mass media has figured out that cult leaders and sex murders are shit they can just, you know, infinitely show on TV and make TV movies about.
And go back over and over and over, you know, Richard Ramirez, The Secret Truth Part 6.
You know, Richard Ramirez, I don't think, was that complicated.
And it's sort of remarkable just on a logistical level to see how many shows and podcasts and movies there are about that shit.
And realize, wow, just in the period since mass availability of television and film, so many people have killed so many people in this country.
Elsewhere as well, obviously.
But damn if we don't lead the pack.
And there's some interesting research to be done, I think, about environmental factors in that the phrase the golden age of serial killers is so fucking nauseating.
But people do use it.
The sort of clustered, I don't know, 20 years or so in which a lot of the famous American serial killers committed their murders.
Some very interesting stuff, I think, to be looked into about.
There's been study of the profusion of lead, for example, in paint, in pipes, in drinking water.
I mean, this is a country, the United States is a country where millions of people are still drinking lead adulterated water out of faucets, out of fountains.
It's fucking crazy.
It is mind-bending that that is happening on the same continent where a healthy percentage of the population also never drinks water that's not already bottled or never drinks water that doesn't go through a Brita filter first.
I mean, it's, you know, the—what was Thomas Pinchon's line about that?
But in the scene where Roger and Jessica go into the church to hear them sing, the choir sing, O Dolce Jubilo, or in Dolce Jubilo.
And the high tenor or low alto leading the choir is a Jamaican guy.
And they're sitting here listening to the song In England During the War, a song that's part Latin and part German during World War II being led by a Jamaican guy.
And Pinchon describes it as something like one of the everyday instances of surrealism that empire produces as outcomes, perhaps without even knowing it's doing so.
You know, any imperial force of any sort or any size, any real power is going to, by dint of its own internal necessities, by reason of its machinations, going to produce outcomes more surreal than anything a fucking hack like Entrez Breton ever thought of.
Why did I start saying this?
I can't remember.
Edit, because I genuinely couldn't remember thanks to the fucking medication.
I was talking about the surrealism of having a country in which some people never drink anything but purified water and some people never drink anything but water adulterated with lead as a matter of the sort of environmental research that might, you know, go back into looking up serial killers and cult leaders and all that kind of shit.
And I brought that up in the first place because, you know, most accounts of Hubbard you're going to get focus on the singular madness of this one man and upon the, you know, horrible conditions within Scientology and upon the nonsense of the doctrine and indeed the competing varieties of nonsense within the doctrine.
Because there's a whole lot of crossfire between L. Ron Hubbard and himself.
No one ever shot more bullets at his own head and missed than L. Ron Hubbard.
And of course that stuff is worth understanding, but it takes Hubbard out of a cultural context that I think is very important and very interesting for him.
And I want to place this specifically in something I thought the movie The Master, one of my all-time favorite movies, did brilliantly well, which was to associate Hubbard and what was then Dianetics, which would become Scientology.
If you don't know that story, Hubbard essentially tried to invent his own school of like quasi Freudian, quasi Jungian psychiatry, quote unquote, called Dianetics.
And he submitted all his materials to the American Psychiatric Association for review and they laughed him out of the fucking room and said, you cannot be serious about this.
And so Hubbard reasoned that, well, you can say something isn't a science.
You can tell me I'm not a scientist, but you can't say it isn't a religion.
Nobody gets to say it isn't a religion.
So Dianetics eventually became the procedural groundwork for Scientology because he was trying to transition from being a pseudo-psychiatrist to being a religious figure.
And I got to say, one point in L. Ron's favor is how much he fucking hates psychiatry because I'm right with him on that one.
There's a Scientology museum.
I think it's probably either in Los Angeles or in Clearwater, Florida, where a lot of the Scientology shit is.
And the name of the museum is Psychiatry, an Industry of Death.
And again, I'm on board.
I want to go see that thing someday.
But the thing that I think the master gets really right is the specific context of the immediate post-World War II generation.
Where the world was, what it was doing, specifically where America was and what it was doing in the immediate aftermath of World War II.
And obviously the Hubbard character played in maybe my favorite film performance of all time by Philip Seymour Hoffman with the perfect fake L. Ron Hubbard name, Lancaster Dodd.
That's so good.
Lancaster Dodd.
That's exactly what it would be.
Obviously, he has been doing this stuff for a while, right before the Joaquin Phoenix character encounters him.
So we're talking both right before and right after World War II for the intellectual and I suppose you might call emotive and atmospheric consciousness of the time.
And the way I want to address L. Ron Hubbard in this archetypal way is going to seem weird at first, but I think you'll get it.
And it's via one of my heroes, Charlie Parker, Bird.
I know it's a corny fucking jazzbo, yo cats, great tune type way to talk.
But I'm sorry, I'm almost certainly going to call him Bird the entire time because if you've ever spent any time playing jazz or being around jazz people, no one says Charlie Parker.
It's always Bird.
The way I talked on True and On, lo those many years ago, about magic as a kind of slaughtered deity who was split into good and bad halves.
And the good half was art and the bad half was media.
I think you can see something similar going on with Bird and with L. Ron Hubbard.
Because as far as the, you know, at that time still vastly European dominated arts went.
There was some pretty serious stagnation leading right up to World War II.
Not least that, you know, all the supposedly most revolutionary avant-garde trends, Dada and surrealism and everything else, had entirely failed to do anything about preventing World War II.
You know, these were people who, as far off as it may seem now, these are people who wrote manifests for their art movements, genuinely thinking they might lead to, you know, riots in the streets and fucking barricades on the Boulevard Ausmann.
Didn't, didn't go that way.
And the, the sort of, you know, more watery dregs of kind of late European surrealism were kicking around.
And naturally, as in almost any time with a war, there's a big uptick in, you know, sentimental pseudo-realism, pictures of soldiers coming home to their families.
Very little, I would say comparatively, at least on the Euro-American side, of the kind of incredible work you got out of World War I.
People like Ludwig Meidner, who painted things not as, they're certainly not abstracts, they're not strictly representational either.
But his paintings of what it was like to be in World War I, and particularly to be a sapper, whose, whose main job was to, you know, first help construct the trenches, and then to start going underground and try to find a way to connect your trenches to the enemy trenches.
I mean, that's just nightmare shit.
That is, every moment is the worst moment of your life type shit.
And, uh, it's not novel of me, but I think it is important to say that a lot of the, the new blood in art after the late 30s and early 40s comes from the United States.
And a huge, huge, huge part of that, something that I think is, you know how, uh, you're too close to something vast and you can't see how vast it is.
You have no frame of reference because it just fills up your viewfinder.
I think that is still where we are with, with the influence of the entire history of African American people on post World War II art.
We can talk about it, you know, I, I can point to obvious examples, but we still just haven't gotten anywhere near understanding the enormity of that.
And, and, and understanding, you know, for someone who, um, I, I think a lot of people would call me a pessimist, uh, for understanding how miraculous that was.
That is, that, that, that is one of the things that gives me the most hope in the world to see how black influence on American and European art, um, really beginning, you know, between the wars, but especially after World War II, completely transformed virtually every major art form.
And created not a few, you know, in its own right.
That, that is the kind of thing I think about when I'm, I'm trying to think of reasons to stay alive.
And Charlie Parker, Bird, to me, makes a very interesting case study alongside L. Ron Hubbard.
I've got Bird on my mind because it was just, would have been, uh, his 103rd birthday just a couple days ago.
Um, yet another supreme, insuperable, epochal black artist who died incredibly young because essentially no part of the existing system gave a shit about keeping him alive.
Um, and to try to describe to you what exactly it was that Bird did, um, I, I hope this isn't too technical or complicated.
Uh, the, the Wayne Shorter episode I did when Wayne died, because God, everybody's dying.
Um, it seemed like that went over all right.
It seemed like people understood, uh, what I was talking about.
So I'll, I'll try to keep this on a similar level of technicality, right?
So before Bird, you have jazz, first of all, as far as I can tell, in its oldest form in, you know, New Orleans second line marching bands that would play spirituals and popular songs and, uh, do the music for funerals.
And these were bands in which the, the basic tunes, the basic piece of music, you know, when the saints go marching in or whatever is so well known and so obvious that you don't really have to play it straight at any given time.
You can mess with it the whole time because you know, everybody knows what you're playing, right?
And so these are bands in which, uh, everybody is tweaking the original song all the time, essentially.
And you can still hear this stuff.
You, you can look it up.
There are great recordings of it.
And to do a quick reductive history, uh, this eventually gets formalized into what we would now call the big band or the swing band.
And, uh, via another wave of geniuses like Duke Ellington, the, the concept of this improvisatory approach is taken from being applied to very simple songs that everyone knew taken from there to very complex, sophisticated pieces of music.
You know, there's a lot of Duke Ellington that if you, if you played it on different instruments and had it conducted a little differently, you'd believe that was Debussy.
You would believe that was Maurice Ravel, uh, big impressionist influence on him.
And within this context, because you're playing much more sophisticated music, which is much more written down, uh, the solo, the improvisation becomes an intermittent feature, right?
Rather than the whole substance of the music.
And in part because the music itself is so much more sophisticated, when you, uh, get to improvise a part, you have a lot more parameters in mind in terms of what you can play.
Because it's not, you know, 16 bars or whatever.
And as long as you're in the same key, you're going to be fine.
It's, there's a key change here and a key change here and a key change here.
And it goes to this chord, but it's implying that chord.
And there's actually a whole set of scale substitutions that I could do to get from there to there to there to there.
It's, it's a much more, um, intellectually challenging way to do things.
And that resulted in a, a general school.
I think it would be fair to say of jazz improvisation.
In which the, the solo became essentially like a, a counterpoint to the main melody of the piece with a few little ornaments thrown in.
It's not that people would just get up and play the melody over again.
Although some people did do that.
But it was that the, um, the, the solo's melody would stick pretty close to the way the written melody moved.
Wouldn't depart too much in terms of key and scale and note choice.
And then you would add a few little ornaments in there to personalize it.
Uh, a, a few little slurs and smears and what in jazz are called blue notes.
Uh, a blue note is just a technically wrong note that you're playing on purpose for effect, basically.
And that is kind of where jazz was when Charlie Parker hit it.
And what Charlie realized very, very quickly with, I mean, astonishing speed, given how briefly he lived.
Is that every piece of music, no matter how simple, how cliche is bursting with an infinite array of other possibilities.
From the fairly obvious to the way fucking out there.
And Bird essentially made the gamble that if I stop playing improvisations that stick close to the written theme,
I can play anything over anything.
I can go into the middle of any piece of music and play anything I want in my solo.
As long as these are the two criteria.
Number one, it has some kind of internal coherence.
It makes sense.
Even if it makes sense in a surrealistic way.
And I think personally that, you know, surrealism made a lot of promises that it didn't really cash in.
In the first couple generations at least.
And I think Charlie Parker is maybe the first, first example of a great American surrealist.
Because this is surrealism.
That I can take this context I've been given.
And come up with my own surreal logic for how to move through it.
As long as that surreal logic is internally coherent on some level.
And as long as it meets up back with everything else eventually.
As long as, however long it goes, I and the rest of the band eventually land on the right note together.
And that almost alone.
It's so rare you can say one person created an art form.
But it's about as close as you can get to say that Bird created modern jazz.
It's all down to him.
And I mean, I say this not to belittle anyone else at all.
I mean, the music is full of some of the most uncanny geniuses who have ever lived.
But I think they would tell you the same thing.
That Bird figures out the question of internal logic.
Be it surreal, dada, absurd, whatever.
And then the question of eventually meeting back up with the piece in some recognizable way.
Right.
And the rest of jazz history, including anything I've ever done, is expanding the concept of internal logic.
And expanding the concept of meeting back up.
Making them looser, stranger, sometimes tighter, but more dissonant and atonal.
It's all about that question of how far out you can go.
Can you swim back in time?
And what do the words far out and in time mean in any given piece of music or performance?
That's what Bird did.
And that is how Bird, I mean, as close to single-handedly as you can get, changed the trajectory of not just jazz, not just black American music, not just American music, but music in total for the rest of time.
It is an almost unfathomably massive act.
And I mention this because Bird's incredible invention was of a piece with some things that were going on in the post-World War II and early 50s era.
People who weren't yet beatniks who, God, the supposed great beatnik writers,
No limi tangere, keep those motherfuckers away from me.
Not Burroughs, because Burroughs wasn't a beat and Burroughs was a fucking genius, but all the rest of them.
Bird, I think, it's not just that he taps into something.
It's that his influence as a cultural figure, especially among any sort of, you know, bohemian or counterculture crowd, was almost impossibly massive.
This guy was a hero to people who had never heard his music.
And you start to see these sorts of things emerging in the, you know, the 50s and late 40s proto-counterculture, I guess you could call it.
In poetry, probably the most obvious example would be Charles Olson and the notion of open field poetics, which is,
Olson was not a terribly rigorous or coherent theorist.
He kind of just said stuff as it came to him, but that's part of the ideal.
That open field poetics is a poetics in which you are not setting out with a design that you are trying to illustrate and accomplish to the finest possible degree.
Open field poetics is you start.
You just fucking start somewhere.
And then you follow whatever the internal momentum of the language is.
And the poem tells you what to write.
And you see that in the films of someone like Maya Darin, for example, or Stan Brakhage, one of my great heroes, or in his own different way, the early Kenneth Anger.
You know, this idea of not just an art, but an entire way of conceiving of the world, an entire, I guess I would call it a blend between hermeneutics and cosmology,
in which you decline to make art the object and the product of a human will focused on mastering the elements for a particular purpose, which is just a miserable way to think about the world.
And instead, you think of art the way Byrd thought of art.
You think of art as there is this field of materials, whatever it is, sound, words, images.
And within this field of materials, there is an infinite amount of possible transmutation.
This is the thing I'm always calling the alchemical index.
It's a phrase that's real important to me, and it is a phrase that I came up with, or actually, I don't know if I came up with it.
I picked up, anyway, in large part, thinking about people like Charlie Parker, thinking about people like Wayne Shorter and Miles Davis,
that whatever materials you're given, there is this alchemical index whereby they can be transmuted indefinitely.
And part of what is fascinating about listening to Byrd is that he was playing some of his craziest shit over really corny show tunes.
You know, this was an era when being able to play I Got Rhythm was like the sort of litmus test for can you be in a professional band.
And you'll hear Byrd play I Got Rhythm, except it's at 300 beats a minute.
And for his entire solo, he never plays the outline of a single chord that's actually in the song.
And he also plays steady eighth notes for, you know, 64 bars.
Just an incredible physiological feat, let alone an intellectual, let alone an artistic one.
And yes, I put the artistic above the intellectual.
And this is the essence of Olsen's, you know, open field poetics.
And I think the essence of, I don't know that Stan Brakhage ever particularly gave a name or theoretical school to himself.
But there's a book of his you can find from the early 70s in a PDF form online free.
I don't know exactly where, but it's out there called Metaphors on Vision.
And that I think is a crucial thing to read.
Even if you've never seen his movies, even if you don't care about his movies, for understanding how this other, you know, non-beatnik and then non-hippie American counterculture evolved.
What you might generally call the open field movement.
And Burroughs is so, so much indescribably better than assholes like Jack Kerouac or genuine monsters like Allen Ginsberg.
First of all, because he was just a sublimely talented poet anyway.
But second, I think because he pursued this open field idea.
He pursued, and I bet Burroughs did not listen to Charlie Parker.
That was not the music he was interested in.
But whether he knew it or not, he was taking Charlie Parker's idea of this alchemical index and applying it not just to language on a line by line basis, like a poet.
But to language in a chunk by chunk basis in order to make up an entirely new kind of novel.
You know, a William Burroughs novel, other than the couple realist type ones he wrote at the beginning, junkie and queer.
Anything from Naked Lunch onward.
Those novels, they don't feel composed so much as they feel like tissue grafted.
That there are all these explosions of the latent possibility of the English language.
And then they are surgically assembled into a shape that nobody could have premeditated.
So this is all very much in the air, right?
This is very much of the moment.
And then you get to the bad side of it.
And Lafayette Ronald Hubbard, which is what I think makes him one of these archetypal figures for the 20th century.
Because Hubbard, it is ironic, all his cultural influences were forever stuck in the 20s and 30s.
He was a fucking dweeb.
He had no idea what had happened in music after like 1935.
There are some absolutely insane stories about him trying to start a band on the Scientology yacht.
He was sailing around the world basically in order to, according to him, pursue various sorts of spiritual and material missions.
And according to everyone else, stay away from people like the IRS and his various creditors.
And at one point he decided that a Scientology band would be a good way to get themselves into the better graces of people in different countries whose ports they wanted to use.
Like, hey, our ship is landing here.
I know we don't have permission.
But listen to this.
Listen to what we fucking brought you.
And as far as I know, there are no recordings of this.
But I have heard it described by a number of people who were involved in doing it.
And they said it was melodically, you know, horn-wise, along the lines of the exact 20s and 30s show tunes you would expect.
Fucking Mersey dotes.
Fucking Surrey with the fringe on top.
Meis and ducks and geese all scary.
That type of bullshit.
But L. Ron Hubbard also knew that disco was big.
He didn't really know what disco was, but he trusted that other people did.
So what these baffled representatives of other nations got.
I mean, imagine, you know, being called to a harbor in some North African country or some Mediterranean country because this giant ship has just landed there unscheduled.
And the first thing they do is send out a big band made up of people playing like 1920s swing melodies over whatever they think is a disco rhythm section.
Utterly surreal.
And though we cannot hear that, we can hear a truly a piece of music that makes me feel like on the one hand, it's just incredibly funny.
And on the other hand, it feels like I am inside the mind of a genuine psychopath.
Hubbard, partly because he was friends with and to some degree a kind of guru for the jazz keyboard player Chick Corea, another guy who died recently and who's one of the greatest musicians of all time.
He liked to buy, you know, go on splurges of buying really expensive state of the art music gear to impress, you know, his friends in the arts or whatever.
So sometime around 1982, three, he bought something called a Fairlight CMI synthesizer.
And you've almost definitely heard of Fairlight before, whether you know it or not.
It is the synthesizer that was used to make most of the dreaming by Kate Bush.
It's the one that was used to make Peter Gabriel four, which I think is called security.
The one with shock the monkey on it.
And the Fairlight CMI was revolutionary, OK, because early synthesizers up to this point were more like electrical workstations than what you think of as a synthesizer now.
You know, a modern synth is the thing with all these patches programmed into it that you just flip up and down between and you can tweak them as you like.
Early synths, no presets.
So every time you turn the fucking thing on, every sound you wanted, you had to deal with everything involving attack envelopes and harmonic content and low frequency oscillators and voltage controlled filters.
You had to know enough about these things to design a sound.
The Fairlight was revolutionary because it incorporated a full computer into the synthesizer.
You know, a sort of Apple II looking thing with, you know, the black screen and the green lettering.
And the Fairlight was capable of recording outward sounds and then playing those outward sounds back at the pitch of the key you pressed.
So you're going to hear that a lot in the horns on, say, There Goes a Tenor, the Kate Bush song.
What you're hearing there is one horn that has been sampled and now it's being played back at different pitches on this keyboard.
It was a vastly expensive, absolutely cutting edge piece of equipment.
And I mean, from what I remember, the price of the thing back then, I would say a Fairlight in modern dollars would be definitely north of a million.
And probably more than that.
And L. Ron Hubbard, of course, had no fucking idea how to use it.
He was just trying to oppress Chikoria.
So he used it to create an instrumental waltz about horses and how much he liked horses.
And the Fairlight, of course, meant that not only could he sample things like horns and drums,
he could sample horse noises as well and play them back however he liked.
And so he composed a piece of music, I believe it was on his album Space Jazz,
that is a waltz celebrating horses using lots of bizarrely pitched back horsey noises.
And the name of the waltz, I swear to you, is Wind Splitter.
You can find it on YouTube.
It's still there.
It's incredible.
This is getting a bit far afield, though, or rather a bit specific when I mean to talk about something more general.
Because when I talk about Hubbard as this archetypal figure at the other end of the spectrum from Oswald,
what I am talking about is the same intuition of momentum and internal coherence and being able to situate something,
at least in some kind of harmony with other shit that sounded wildly apart from it,
that Hubbard was the first man to my knowledge to essentially try to improvise a religion.
And what is fascinating about Hubbard is that it would appear, at least from early comments he made,
people he spoke to, that at the very beginning of Dianetics and Scientology,
he was probably aware to some degree that it was a con, right?
Now, of course, I think I've spoken on this show before, but in case I haven't,
of something called L. Ron Hubbard syndrome,
which is maybe the most dangerous non-physiological brain disease an American can get.
L. Ron Hubbard syndrome is when you start bullshitting and you know you're bullshitting,
but then other people take it seriously and eventually start coming up to you and saying,
hey, you helped me with this or you fix this or this isn't happening to me anymore.
And you start to believe, you know, okay, I was bullshitting, but maybe in my bullshitting,
I tapped into something real.
And this is the way Hubbard evolves from the very early, you know, his famous comments,
you know, you get $200 for a science fiction book.
A man should start a religion if he wants to make money.
Everybody knows that one now.
But Hubbard was equal parts flippant as in that quote and self-regarding to a degree of
almost supernatural naivete.
And what you will see as you trace the history of Dianetics and Scientology,
and this is what's important about him, I think,
is a man who, instead of laying out basic principles that he then hones and refines,
and instead of working in any sort of, you know, intellectual or disputative opposition
to people who say he's wrong, because Hubbard would go like a fucking mad dog after anyone
who criticized him.
The Church of Scientology still does, but it was never about the intellectual or philosophical
content of what they were saying.
Instead of trying to build this basic form that can then be elaborated upon, Hubbard was
on a 30-year-long tear of pure momentum.
And the way people reacted to that momentum, the way people assured him that in fact it was something real,
and it had affected their lives, and it was changing the world for the better.
That momentum is Scientology.
All the doctrine, all the insane charts and graphs and systematized protocols and spiritual tech,
and, you know, workshop modules and all that, that's all dross.
That's all spindrift.
That is the shrapnel that was thrown off by L. Ron Hubbard's momentum,
because he came to believe in a way that is, you know, just as I said,
dark Gnostic twins, art and media before.
Now we got dark Gnostic twins, Charlie Parker versus L. Ron Hubbard.
Hubbard believed not in the doctrine, not in anything he ever said.
He believed in the momentum.
He believed that the fact of his continual ability to come up with this shit was in itself the truth.
Whether any individual thing he came up with was true, who fucking cares, really?
And one of the things that makes Scientology so unapproachable for the outsider
is that you will read these vast amounts of just completely fucking hogwash theories
and supposed religious practices and declarations about everything else in the world.
L. Ron Hubbard wrote, like, I don't think they've even been fully cataloged yet,
but I think well over a hundred books.
And they weren't like a hundred books about Scientology.
They were a hundred books about things like, say, radioactivity,
which he knew absolutely nothing about.
In fact, he wrote a book at one point in which he purported to give the recipe for a mixture
that would cure radiation burns.
And a scientist read the book, not knowing who this guy was, thinking,
holy shit, this could be a breakthrough, and studied the mixture and realized,
oh no, if you drink this, this will kill you pretty much immediately.
And Hubbard never retracted that.
He never retracted fucking anything because retraction was not the point.
This is what I mean about Scientology being inaccessible to outsiders.
If you take it all as a mass of doctrine that you have to understand all of
in order to understand any of, you will never get inside it.
And that is part of the point.
The point is that Scientology is not a religion of rules and declarations
to the extent that it's a religion at all.
You know, there is no Talmud of Scientology.
There are no Hadiths of Scientology.
Because the truth itself was not in any one proposition.
The truth was in the momentum that kept him moving from proposition to proposition to proposition.
So you start with something like Dianetics, which is at its root, you know,
just a watered down form of some other pretty basic psychiatric principles,
which is to say that you have negative experiences in your life
and those negative experiences imprint on you and they manifest both as, you know,
forms of mental illness and sometimes forms of a physical illness.
Now, the physical illness part, okay, blah, blah,
but that was something quite a few people took seriously back then.
You know, holding on to bitterness gives you cancer, that kind of shit.
I mean, hell, I still know people who think that.
None of that is particularly surprising or shocking in itself.
Then Dianetics starts getting weirder and weirder and weirder.
And it turns out that all of these imprints upon your soul,
all of these things that are the secret keys to your life's trauma,
they were what Scientology still calls engrams.
Well, most of them came from things that your mother did while you were still in the womb.
Would it shock you to know that L. Ron Hubbard was getting divorced when he decided this?
And so suddenly this whole thing goes back to a form of like quasi-supernatural prenatal psychology?
And even his followers are starting to go kind of,
is, really? Is that?
Bam, hits him with the next thing.
The fucking rainbow bridge.
The arc triangle.
More diagrams and systems and modules and protocols than you can possibly believe.
Because the point is the ability to keep producing this shit.
The point is that if I can wake up another day
and come up another weird geometrical figure that I claim will explain the entire roots of human psychopathology
if it is properly understood,
that means it's still true.
The momentum is the truth.
And by the time Scientology fully progresses to what are known in the church as the OT3 wall of fire disclosures,
which you've probably heard of, but just in case,
in some, there was a, let's see, I believe he says trillions of billions of years ago.
No, it's thousands of trillions, which is even funnier.
There was an intergalactic warlord named Xenu who set about gathering up and destroying all the life of the universe.
And so he gathered all living things and put them in spaceships,
which Hubbard is careful to note, and this is a quote,
spaceships which looked exactly like Douglas DC-8 airplanes, but without the jet engines.
And then he took those living things to a planet which was back then known as Tigiak,
which is now, would you believe, called Earth.
And he dumped the entire living, you know, biomass of the universe into a volcano,
which frankly seems like kind of a lot for one volcano,
but, you know, let's move past that.
All the things died and their souls, the scientological equivalent of a soul,
which is called a thetan, as in theta, the letter,
all their souls escaped.
But no, no, no.
Xenu had made plans for this as well.
And so he collected all the thetans of the trillions of quadrillions of killed things.
In some sort of large, I don't know, it is to be presumed pump or funnel, perhaps.
And he then subjected them to millions of trillions of billions of years of various kinds of psychological torture.
These things, in Hubbard's own bizarre lexicon, these tortures for the thetans are called goals.
And there is one I will never forget, when I was first starting to try to understand this,
called the bear goals, in which the thetans were tortured by having to feel and see themselves
go up the asshole of a gigantic bear.
That, hey, I don't know what that would do to me.
So anyway, the thoroughly tortured thetans are then dispersed across the world
and take up residence, eventually, in human bodies.
And all the things that, up until this point in Scientology and Dianetics,
you were calling engrams, which you thought were the imprints of past negative experiences,
at this point, you will have explained to you that, no, actually, those are thetans.
Those are the souls of dead aliens that are trapped in your body.
And by the time you get to these wall of fire disclosures,
you've been in Scientology for a long time, a couple years.
You work for Scientology, either paid or pro bono or both.
One of Scientology's main income streams is the basically slave labor it coerces
out of trafficking its own adherents.
And you may have a job at the church, and probably everyone you know is a Scientologist at this point,
and a lot of the people you used to know have been declared SPs, suppressive persons,
that you are not to have any contact with anymore.
And you have spent as much money as they can bilk out of you.
I have seen it estimated that, depending on the person involved and that person's economic resources,
getting to the OT3 and the wall of fire will cost you somewhere between $75,000 and $200,000.
And you are asked to read the story of Xenu, right?
You're asked to do it in an empty room, just you.
A person hands you the folder.
You take it into the room.
You read it.
And you come back to the desk, and the person asks, did you understand?
And as you might imagine, the vast majority of people are going to say,
no, I didn't understand.
What the fuck is going on?
And the person at the desk will say, go read it again.
And then they'll come back and say, I still don't get it.
The person at the desk says, go read it again.
And this is magical because eventually the person being indoctrinated to level OT3 will realize,
I have no way out here.
There's nowhere else for me to go.
The rest of my life is fucking gone.
And so these people will convince themselves however they need to that this is true,
whether that it's literally true or that it's an allegory or that it's a metaphorical creation myth
or even that it's a test to weed out stupid, credulous people.
And eventually they'll take these materials back to the desk and say, I got it now.
I understand.
And it is exactly that form of hermeneutic momentum that is behind not just L. Ron Hubbard,
not just Scientology, but an enormous amount of the large scale social developments in the latter 20th century.
If you're thinking, for example, of cryptocurrency, you're not wrong.
The sheer force of momentum behind the idea that it starts with the NSA, hint, hint,
developing hashing technology that allows really complex code strings to be stored in relatively simple form.
That's where it starts.
And a few years later, people are claiming that Bitcoin is going to save the environment, stop wars,
get rid of central banks and the money supply.
Bitcoin is going to serve as de facto currency in war zones to help people who have been displaced by violence.
I mean, you've seen all the same insane shit I have.
And you've also seen the collapse of FTX, which I still worry had some social contagion in the general banking and financial sector,
much larger than we have been allowed to learn yet.
And if you're thinking of NFTs, exactly the same thing.
It's the momentum.
It's the constant push forward.
This is the Hubbard rule.
You never stop to defend yourself.
You just make up the next thing.
And all the people complaining about the last thing look like petty, tired, out-of-the-loop little bitches.
And all of your followers are so desperate to stay on your good side and to feel their own personal momenta creating truth day by day
that they'll jump all over the next thing.
And they'll tell you they understand it before you even fucking understand it.
And this, it's not just present in religion.
It's not just present in, you know, large-scale but relatively fringe examples like crypto or NFTs.
This is behind, in many ways, the entire financialization of the American economy
and really of the economies of most of the West since the beginnings of de-industrialization,
since the post-war economic boom ended,
and Western governments had the choice between either continuing to provide workers with a humane standard of living
and telling corporations,
you're just not going to make quite the same percentage of profits you used to.
You'll still make insane profits.
They just won't be the same percentage.
That was one choice.
And the other one was,
fuck the workers,
deregulate business completely,
deregulate labor completely,
so that corporations can continue showing artificial growth on paper every quarter to their stockholders.
And that's what they chose, right?
You all know that now.
We live under an L. Ron Hubbard global economy
in which the entire thing is momentum.
If this economy, America's in particular,
is asked to stop at any point
and balance upon what's already there,
it falls the fuck apart
because what's already there is nothing.
What's already there is a confidence game.
What's already there,
in the words of Scott Walker,
beneath a bougie,
a thimble rigger slyly rolls a pea.
It's fucking three-card Monty on the sidewalk.
None of it is real.
It is just moving money around
to create artificial asset bubbles on paper
and then trying to cash out of them
before the bubbles collapse.
That is running
the largest economy in the world
the same way L. Ron Hubbard ran the Church of Scientology.
And if that's not a big W for L. Ron,
for the man who,
I've always liked this,
within the Church,
they never call him L. Ron Hubbard.
If they're talking to strangers,
they call him L. R. H.
If they're talking to each other,
this is the great one,
they call him Source.
Not the Source,
just Source.
Like CIA people never say the CIA.
If you're running a global economy
on the same lines as Source
ran the Church of Scientology,
and this goes from
the absolute highest levels
to the absolute most pathetic,
and I mean pathetic in the literal sense.
I'm not mocking people.
I'm talking about having pathos.
The most pathetic instances
of someone who,
you know,
you see these now,
especially there are more ads on Twitter.
Some guy will just buy an ad.
He's not promoting anything really,
or he's promoting a song he wrote or something,
and he's got nine followers,
and he thinks that buying this ad
is going to,
if not make him famous,
then at least provide him with a living.
You see this same thing.
Making one's life via social media,
horrifying concept that is,
is to hold to the central
Scientological creed
that it is not substance that matters.
If substance even exists,
it is simply momentum.
It is simply the ability
to keep the ball rolling.
And substance,
so far as we have access to it,
substance is simply
a kind of frame
taken out of the film strip
of momentum.
It is,
it is a,
a hypostasis,
one individual granule
taken out of the shape of the arc,
the shape of the sweep,
which,
that's the important thing.
And,
just as Bird
managed to transform,
and I'm not,
I don't think exaggerating it at all here,
all art,
since.
There is no art I can think of
that does not in some way
bear the imprint of Charlie Parker.
I think L. Ron Hubbard,
whether directly or otherwise,
managed to lay out
the blueprint
for how
people of the 20th century,
especially Americans,
especially near the end of the century,
tried to make their own lives
and their societies work.
At the other end of the spectrum
from Oswald,
because Oswald
would do anything
to get into the world
that was denied him.
L. Ron Hubbard
would make up a world
better than the one denied him.
And by the time you had a chance
to look at it and say,
what the hell is this?
He was three more made up worlds
ahead of you.
moving to Oswald
los
and
going to be
be
I don't know how
but it would do nothing
but let there be
there.
You
uh
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
Well, I grew up in the client state of a petro king
With a complicated take on things like human rights
But baby, that's the sacrifice
For bringing joy to the world
And I learned young how the West was one
With Christ's big heart and a bigger gun
But it wasn't enough, so we took the moon
Cause Nazi rock, it's science too
Can bring joy to the world
The war on drugs, this righteous cause
To clear our streets of criminals
Now civilized by an opioid
So the Sackler family can enjoy
Spreading joy around the world
For New York City
And the world loves you when retribution's surely due
For the zealous who brought you hell
And Langley taught them well
How to infiltrate joy
And do it to the world
Can't we all just get along
Like Amazon and Raytheon
Coming together to make a drone
To bring us lunch and kill the sons
In a city just a two-for-one
Holistic joy
Holistic joy
To the world
Please stop resisting all the joy
In your world
Just a car full of celebrities
Singing about the joy
Singing about the joy
In your bird
In your bird
A string of bad luck
In this final turn
We gathered around
Watched our cities burn
Who could have possibly predicted this?
Said everyone
So we boldly venture into the black
Guided by a grand soundtrack
We'll liberate some foreign stars
And stick a flag on the face of Mars
Does the beauty of starting again
Your patience, zero, an original sin
The mantra rings across the land
How clever
Look at us, we've done it again
We're bringing joy
To whole new worlds
You must admit
We've certainly got a knack for
Bringing joy
A whole new world
In time these aliens will wander
Out of the jar
We'll bring a whole new worlds
We're bringing joy
We're bringing joy
To your world
You better hope
You don't have cheap bananas
We're bringing joy
We're bringing joy
To your world
To your world
You better hope
You don't have cheap bananas
We're bringing joy
We're bringing joy
We're bringing joy
To your world
You better hope
You don't have cheap plans
Or else we'll bring joy
But you don't have cheap plans
We'll bring ash
That way
Thank you.
