All right, check.
One, two, one, two.
Check it, Unzio.
Check it, Unzio.
Friends, that was Sweet Child O' Mine.
And you ask, who's it by?
Who's it by?
Let me tell you something.
You like guns?
You like roses?
Well, how about guns and fucking roses?
You see what I'm saying here?
Now, it is 8.15 a.m., and you know what that means.
You are listening to Epic Respect.
Passaic, New Jersey's only politicized drive-time sports talk radio show.
And we are talking today, a subject for today.
The head of the San Jose Police Union caught importing fentanyl.
Now, first of all, I don't know what the fuck fentanyl is.
I know it's a drug.
That's all I know.
Fentanyl.
Incidentally, beautiful name for a baby girl.
Fentanyl.
But we got the cops importing the fucking drugs.
Now, where do we stand on this, okay?
On the one hand, who am I to judge?
I'm not a cop.
I've never been a cop.
I don't know how hard it is.
The cops are out there every fucking day putting their lives on a line to protect us.
Protecting us by doing things like selling us drugs.
Or every time a black guy reaches in his pocket for his phone, they kill him and they plant a gun on it.
Or they, let's say, they arrest schizophrenic people and put them in jail.
And look, it's sad.
I don't like it either, but it's the only way they're going to get better.
Jail is the only place where they can cure schizophrenia, okay?
So, you know, it's a difficult question to answer.
On the other hand, drug trafficking, okay?
Now, if you know anything about the history of Italian Americans in this country,
you know the one thing we cannot stand is drugs and drug trafficking.
That is writ large all the way through our history.
And frankly, beyond drug trafficking, I think if you do drugs, you're a fucking degenerate.
I mean, obviously, you know, there are little exceptions.
There's, well, let's see here.
There's cocaine, obviously.
Liquor, you know, don't need to explain that one.
Cigarettes, I mean, you don't smoke.
What are you, a fucking queer?
Speed, you know, it's a little dicey out there right now.
I don't want any of this fucking methamphetamine bullshit.
But you got something like, I don't know, dexedrine, benzodrine.
I'll take all of that.
And you know why I'll take all of that?
Because that is what our fucking fathers were taking when they beat Hitler.
You see what I mean?
Something like that is what they call the exception that proves the rule.
You know, we needed to stop a mad man, okay?
And so it was our fathers, it was the Americans, nobody else, who beat Hitler.
And you think it's fucking hard to beat Hitler when it's just you trying to beat Hitler?
Imagine how fucking hard it was to beat Hitler when major sectors of our economy were also completely interdependent on the functioning of the Nazi state.
And we also kind of maybe tried to let the Nazis win the war and just keep pretty much all of Central Europe.
Now that is a conflict of interest.
In every fucking moment, you got to be aware of who owns what and who's doing what.
So in a way, to me, that makes it even more, even more impressive.
All right?
And the reason I can say that is because I'm a fucking American.
And that means I helped beat Hitler too.
Not personally.
But, you know, my father.
Actually, my father, he wasn't in the war, but he could have been.
He wasn't in the war.
He actually did get drafted.
And then he changed his name and ran away.
And by modern standards, OK, you know, you can't take social standards from 2023 and apply them to the whole fucking past the human history.
So by modern standards, I guess, technically, he was what you would call a human trafficker.
But back then, they called that being a resurrection man.
And personally, I think that's much more charitable and much more accurate.
So anyway, this question of cops selling drugs, it comes down to the same thing everything else in the world comes down to.
And that is respect.
Do you do it with respect?
I love having respect.
I love getting respect.
Oof, marron, I love receiving respect.
So you can take a topic, right, where we all basically agree.
Terrorism.
You know, terrorism.
We don't like terrorism.
I mean, there are things like, you know, Bologna train station bombing, assassination of Aldo Moro, blaming it on the commies.
But those are the exceptions to prove the rule.
I actually don't really know what that phrase means.
People use it to mean all kinds of shit.
But that's what I think it means, OK?
It's when you say something and then you're a hypocrite, but you don't have to admit it, basically.
So terrorism, we look at this and we say, yeah, it's bad, but there's better and worse terrorism.
And what does that come down to?
It comes down to fucking respect.
All right.
So you look on the one hand at ISIS, classic period ISIS, doing these fucking videos where, you know, they're cutting a guy's head off.
But instead of doing it in what I believe to be the correct way, which is when you have a giant, hulking, shirtless man in a black hood and he has a comically large scimitar or battle axe and the heads go off in one fucking swipe.
Boom.
No, no, no.
They're just doing it with fucking knives, sawing through a guy's fucking necks.
It takes them five minutes.
It's disgusting.
Very, very disrespectful.
Now, on the other hand, you look at some of the earliest ISIS videos before most people even knew who they fucking were before they got the major label deal.
And and you'll see there's not even violence in them.
It's just this guy, Shaka Wahib.
You remember that guy?
Shaka Wahib.
He had kind of a, what would you call it?
Like an Amish beard.
And it's just him doing front flips, back flips, somersaults, hitting the ground in a row, doing the fastest fucking monkey bars that I have ever seen.
All right.
Now, there's some respect to that.
And you got to ask what changed between then and, you know, the peak ISIS period.
And frankly, the fact that we gave them billions of dollars worth of guns, money, logistical support via the CIA in Syria.
I don't think that has anything to do with it.
I think it's about team culture.
I think it's about organizational culture.
OK, so you got a bad example.
So on the other hand, though, and, you know, God saved me for saying it.
But Osama bin Laden, he had respect.
If Osama bin Laden wanted to tell you something, what do you do?
He get out his little VHS recorder and he'd hang a little flag in the background, sit there with his little knees crossed.
Maybe have an AK-47 or something.
And he would talk to you.
He would tell you what was on his mind.
And that's what we need is fucking dialogue.
And the whole time he was doing it, he would be making, you know, hand gestures like he's that rapper guy from The Roots on the Jimmy Fallon show.
Speaking of which, Jimmy Fallon, another great Italian-American.
And so the question is a question of respect because that is what the world is about.
OK, respect.
So you look at this cop selling drugs thing.
Look, I don't know how hard it is to be a cop.
I assume from the things cops say it is the most difficult job in the history of the world.
And as an Italian, I love the police like I love nothing fucking else except when I'm doing a crime, in which case they're just the mafia for wasps.
But you can look at the question of police selling drugs and you can say there's respectful ways and there's disrespectful ways.
This woman just fucking ordering fentanyl from overseas.
That's an insult to our intelligence, right?
I don't appreciate that.
I think that's very disrespectful.
On the other hand, you want to do it the respectful way.
There was an established procedure here, right?
There is a way that we know how to do this.
And it's got a few steps to it, but it can be done.
So the first thing you're going to want to do, you're going to want to find a continent or better yet, two continents unblemished by the horrifying stain of white European culture.
Right?
And that's not easy.
I'm not going to sit here and pretend to you that that is easy.
But I will say that by far is the hardest step.
And if you can get past that, you're pretty much fucking good.
All right?
So you got a new continent, maybe even two new continents.
What you're going to want to do, about 250 years of black African slavery.
Okay?
I think we can move past that pretty quickly.
I don't think there's a lot more to say about it.
The subject is kind of, you know, it's what they call done and dusted.
You see?
Okay, then, after the slavery, what you're going to want to do is use segregation, redlining, public violence, economic planning to force all the black people to live in absolutely crumbling, inhuman parts of our major cities, often right next to fucking baronial splendor.
You know, it's one, two blocks of walking from some of the worst parts of Chicago to a place like the Felix Biedemann Center for accidentally calling your girlfriend thug or pimp when you meant to call her baby.
All right?
So now we got that established.
And because you have contrived to concentrate these communities of systematically oppressed people, then you can bring drugs in there.
All right?
The drugs are going to circulate back and forth.
And then, once things are up and going, right, you get in your fucking police cruiser, or better yet, an unmarked police car.
Or maybe you wear your badge on a little chain around your neck because you're a really big dickhead.
And you just cruise those segregated parts of town and find people selling drugs.
And then you put them in your fucking car.
Again, better if it's an unmarked car.
And you put a fucking gun to their head and say, here's the deal.
You work for me now.
So I'm going to need an 80-20 split of all of your profits.
And then this does so much for the community, you see.
Because not only are you making the most important thing an American can do, you're making passive income.
That is what this fucking country is about.
Okay?
It's not just passive income, though.
It's also you're encouraging more drug activity, which means that you, as a policeman, will get more money, more guns, more overtime,
and basically infinite legal latitude to do whatever the fuck you want.
You're not just getting a split of the drug money.
You're also, you can now apply for a fucking federal grant to get your police department an Evangelion.
It's fucking beautiful.
And then, if these guys ever get caught, they ever get caught, well, who's catching them and who's going to be listening to them?
People you already know because you're a fucking cop.
And they're going to say, oh, no, no, no, no.
I had to sell drugs because a cop threatened to kill me and I had to make enough money that he wouldn't fucking kill me and my family.
You think the judge is going to listen to that?
Can you imagine?
And I know I'm doing a humorous routine here, but actually speaking sincerely, can you imagine how many fucking arraignments or indictments have happened
where a guy tried to tell the judge in the court I was selling drugs because a cop was extorting me?
And the entire judge in courtroom just went, yeah, whatever.
You know, that is a basis for a system of justice.
When we have a situation where a guy can get up and say something like that, and instead of, you know, a jury trial with discovery
and very careful questioning of witnesses and examination of the evidence, whatever, the judge just says, nah, I don't think, nah, I don't believe that.
I'm ordering you held on a $500,000 bond.
That, that is the respectful way for cops to do drug dealing.
And also, I got to say, I know we're coming to the end of our time here, but frankly, the Baltimore Ravens are right to let that entitled young man, Lamar Jackson, walk.
Well, I, uh, I hadn't, uh, hadn't Lee, hadn't Lee, Jesus Christ.
I hadn't recently done a, uh, an incredibly convoluted, stupid intro bit for a long time.
And the main reason I wasn't doing them was because I kind of felt like, man, are, are people really coming here to listen to me just say dumb ass shit because it's funny?
Maybe people feel kind of ripped off by that.
But actually, um, instead I've had a lot of people come back and say, hey, why don't you do those dumb ass intros anymore?
So, um, so I decided to give day, give a little lagnap to the audience.
Um, now every, every episode in this series has begun or included a reading from one of the books of life and death, uh, mostly Gravity's Rainbow.
But today it's going to be from another one.
And in terms of doing stupid voices, this other one also gives me an opportunity to do one of the stupidest voices that I can.
And one that I've been doing for longest, a man close to my heart because he's from the same place I am.
He has a version of the same accent I do.
It's less pronounced for me, but it's, it's the same basic thing.
And he, uh, also has a rich history with, uh, being a junkie.
And so allow me, I may be a little rusty here.
I haven't done this in a long time, but allow me to read a few excerpts.
The addict regards his body impersonally as an instrument to absorb the medium in which he lives.
Evaluates his tissue with the cold hands of a horse trader.
No use trying to hit there.
Dead fish eyes flicker over a ravaged vein.
The addict runs on junk time.
His body is his clock and junk runs through it like an hourglass.
Time has meaning for him only with reference to his need.
Then he makes his abrupt intrusion into the time of others.
And like all outsiders, all petitioners, he must wait unless he happens to mesh with non-junk time.
The physical changes were slow at first.
Then jumped forward in block clunks, falling through his slack tissue, washing away the human lines.
And his place of total darkness, mouth and eyes are one organ that leaps forward to snap with transparent teeth.
But no organ is constant as regards either form or position.
Sex organs sprout anywhere.
Rectums open, defecate and close.
The entire organism changes color and consistency in split second adjustments.
Now that, as I hope you know, is William Burroughs from Naked Lunch.
Not a man you can exactly call a role model for a number of reasons.
But, you know, you know that old saying, happy wife, happy life.
Well, Burroughs lived to 83, I think.
Which, you know, given the actual events of his life, is astonishing.
So maybe, maybe there's an adjunct there where we can say, long life, dead wife.
Who knows?
It's not my position to, I've never been married.
I don't know anything about it.
But I read these because they both mesh with and were actually part of the inspiration for a set of ideas I want to talk about as an extension of what I was talking about last time.
The, not just growth, but the hypertrophic, displacing growth.
The near monopolistic growth in an imperial core, especially as it reaches its conclusion of abstract value and of abstraction in general.
And I know, look, I was an academic, I know, believe me, that the word violence in an abstract sense has been used with hideous frequency and moronic intent and bad faith a whole lot over the last 15 years or so, I would say.
But there is a very real violence to abstraction.
Because abstraction is not only, as we talked about, the dragging away.
The, you know, taking the actual thing, leaving the abstraction of it in place, and then dragging it off to the woods so you can slit its throat.
It is also, by definition, an act of imposition of a person or structure upon another person or structure.
Because when you drag, when you drag the actual corpse away, the thing that is left, the abstraction still remaining for you, the ghost of the idea, well, that's something you made up, right?
It's not like there is some universal abstraction for any concrete thing.
It's not as if everybody walks around with a literal kind of helper daimon, and if the person's gone, the daimon can tell you what to do.
No, it is actually an extraction.
There are two equal and opposite, well, not exactly equal, but opposite and covariant processes here.
The one is to abstract, the other is to extract.
And in the course of not only an economy in the, you know, strictly monetary financial sense, not only even a political economy in the sense of, you know, the nature of contending forces,
but the larger sense of economy, the sense of how do we manage and organize what is going on here.
It is, I think, not coincidental.
I think it's a rapid outgrowth, in fact, of that same, you know, dual abstract extract process that so much of the activity that has driven the economy,
not just of the contemporary United States, but of the entire history of, you know, white people in the Americas has been resource extraction.
You know, Canada is kind of not even a country.
Canada is a resource extraction cartel that they just kind of threw a government over so it wouldn't look too bad.
And really, you could say much the same thing of pretty much any state in the United States or the United States as a whole or any of the, you know, thousand basically Nazi puppet governments we've run in the Caribbean, Central America, South America over the last 70-ish years.
It is all about extracting and extracting is part of abstracting.
You can take these things from people, from places, from land, and from the, you know, the whole ecological balance of people, place, resource,
the entire, as Ezra Pound used to say, paeduma of how a given culture in its place and in its time learns to think of the world in a connected way,
as a set of connected religious and cosmological metaphors, right, that in one way or another reach down into everything they do,
from the way they build buildings, the way they paint, the way they make music, to the way they harvest corn, the way they deal with irrigation, right?
It's all part of the same thing.
It's all part of, in the largest sense of the term, the biome of a given place and time.
And in order to not just make yourself morally okay with the kind of theft and slavery that has essentially power the entire existence of the United States,
it's not just that you have to be greedy, you have to be, you know, in the deepest sense of the word, egocentric.
You really, you really only care about yourself to the extent that you don't quite believe other people are actually real.
And you have a hard enough time believing your wife and kids are real, right?
So when it comes to, you know, an Aztec in the year 1516, you don't believe in that motherfucker at all.
That person is just some sort of evil ghost that God, for unfathomable but ultimately just reasons, right, has placed in your way.
And the sweetness of the extraction later on is partially born of having dispersed and dispelled all of those ghosts that God put there,
presumably to test you, you know, who knows?
It is not our place to say.
That extraction is a direct result of the abstraction of, let us say, not only the idea of a person from the reality of a person,
you know, not only abstracting the idea of, you know, pagan, heathen, whatever,
so that you can cut the person's throat.
It is also a necessity in terms of the entire notion of resources, right?
And this is something that, look, there's a lot to say and dislike about Martin Heidegger.
I am not issuing a blanket defense of Martin Heidegger.
I have no interest in doing something like that.
But this is something important, I think, in his thought that is still worth considering.
The distinction between the actual world, the world that is a living thing, the world that lives for itself,
and the world seen merely as a concatenation of instrumental resources,
because the entire nature of the word resource is that you are thinking of it not as a part of a world,
not as a part of anyone's actual existence, right?
It's not that some sort of affinity and systemic interlock has grown up between a given place,
given vegetation, given animals, given human beings over hundreds or thousands of years.
No, no, no.
These are just resources.
The people living in that place don't think of them as resources.
They think of them as part of the necessary everyday process of the sun coming up,
the earth being created again, the sun going down, going to the underworld at night,
and then rising again the next morning.
They are not abstractable from the concept of environment.
In fact, the concept of environment itself is an abstraction.
That is something you only talk about when you're looking at someone else from the outside.
So to call something a resource at all means you are not thinking of it as part of a living system
or biome or ecology, whatever you want to call it.
You are thinking of it as something abstracted from all of that
so that it may be extracted for your gain.
Something like oil, for example.
Something like, this is a big one, lithium and cobalt now.
You don't think of those as having naturally occurred in specific places
for specific geohistorical and paleontological reasons
or what they might or might not mean to the lives of people who have been in those places for a long time.
No, it's just that they sit atop a pile of something and we want what they're sitting on.
I think there is this kind of, this sort of wounded narcissistic ego projection
in the whole history of, you know, the, really Europe, but the American European bloc
and especially America itself.
That because we are unable to conceive of really anything as part of a, you know, a mass biology,
as part of a larger biological system of which we are just parts
and not even particularly notable parts.
And of course, this can all be traced back to things in Christianity,
you know, rationalism and the Enlightenment conceiving of mankind as that animal which thinks,
which is complete fucking bullshit.
I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's demonstrated as clearly as it could be that plants think,
that animals think, all of them, no exception.
I, for one, believe it is overwhelmingly likely that even non-plant or animal objects think,
that they have some sort of cognition.
But the point isn't even really being able to prove this about plants or animals, right?
It's not, I just saw a study about various kinds of plants emanating bursts of supersonic frequencies
too high for human beings to hear when they are threatened in some way.
I mean, Jesus Christ, if that's not it, I don't know what you're looking for.
And there has been some astonishing study of the ways that trees, when they are interconnected
by some kind of mycological, mycorrhizal network, they know when another tree is in trouble.
They, they are aware of that and they have a sense of community.
They will actually divert resources from themselves via that, that, you know, mycorrhizal neural network
and give those resources to a tree that is dying.
It's, it's, it's incredible.
So we have, you know, by the, the Western sort of empirico rationalist standard,
we have about as much proof as you could ask for, but the point isn't proof.
The point is not needing to see proof that everything else in the fucking world is alive
the same way you are.
You know, the point is not the victory of empiricism or rationalism over human ignorance.
The point is that we are apparently still at an evolutionary stage as both humans and,
you know, in terms of mass social psychology, where we have to have fucking data for us ever really to believe,
yeah, anything is alive except me.
I am a living thing, screaming in loneliness on the face of a dead world.
And the only way for me to exist is, first of all, to make up some God shit that,
that, and I'm talking here about, you know, abstracted, monotheist sort of God shit,
you know, not paganism, not animism, that's a whole different thing.
I need to make up the idea of a God who is like me because God is the only other thing like me in the world, right?
I need to project myself onto a God because if God is like me, not only does that mean I'm not alone,
it means that I am in my general isolation correct.
I'm the only thing here that's like God.
And so I should essentially treat the earth and every other creature here, every other form of life,
as I would if I were God.
Only God, presumably, doesn't have to worry about survival too much,
at least in, you know, monotheistic systems.
Sometimes I do, and I'm just going to, on God's part, it's so incredible how much of theology,
and especially Christian theology, comes down to the presumption of saying something like,
on God's part, if I were God, let's just say I'm God.
It's an endless loop of that.
But I'm the only thing on earth like God, right?
Because God created me in his image.
So, I have to worry about survival, and because I am a godly being and nothing else is,
anything, anything that contributes even theoretically to my survival is not only acceptable,
it is a moral necessity.
It is something that not only can but should happen.
And what may look to you like my just unutterably vicious 3,000-year depredation of the entire fucking planet,
no, that's actually good.
That's actually what our friend Hegel calls teleology.
We are coming toward, you know, some sort of mass event among humanity that,
just for the sake of continuing to go with Hegel's dumbass bullshit,
we can call the manifestation of the world spirit.
And, of course, that can only come through humanity,
because, of course, only humans are the ones who are like God,
and so only human purposes are divine.
And so, God, if we believe in Him, and a lot of these people don't really,
but if they believe in the thought of a transcendent, omnipotent, omniscient God,
they have managed to tell themselves,
He would not only approve of this, He would want me to do this.
Because the purpose of the earth is not simply to be, to live.
The purpose of the earth is for humanity, God's only resemblances,
to do whatever the fuck they need to do to survive in larger and larger
and more and more punitive imperial systems,
until the end result of those imperial systems is,
and I quote,
the manifestation of the world spirit,
whatever the fuck that means.
You know, I just, I can't help but think of, you know,
fucking CIA contractors killing the night guards at a Bolivian lithium mine,
and then if anyone sees them saying like,
oh, don't worry, I'm immanentizing the eschaton.
This is actually very important.
It's actually good that I do this.
It is that kind of insanity that allows us to think of parts of the world,
and not just parts of the world, but, you know, living organisms,
including other people,
not as things in themselves,
and not as things like us that are connected to us,
and are engaged in a super sensitive and sophisticated kind of nerve net of interaction with us.
No.
Everything but me is a resource.
And if I begin from that proposition,
then,
let us just say,
the indigenous people of Bolivia cease to be human beings who I am going to immiserate and murder
because I want something that they have.
No, no, no.
What those people are doing is hogging the shit.
What those people are doing is sitting on top of gigantic lithium deposits and not even sharing them.
They're making us pay money for them.
And, of course, in the history of the Americas in particular,
race and, you know, the self-conception of ethnic group has an enormous amount to do with this.
So we would fuck over other white people this way, too.
But we'll especially fuck over any not white, not Christian this way.
And suddenly, other people become not other people anymore.
Or I suppose I should say other people become only other people.
There's only you, yourself, and other people.
And when I say other people, I don't mean other people like you,
who have their own minds and whatever you want to call a soul and imaginations and inward life.
No, there's just you, the only real person.
And then a world full of things that look like people but aren't.
And they are so greedy as to happen to have some of the resources that you need to become a billionaire who pretends to build electric cars.
Well, clearly, this is a morally unacceptable state of affairs.
Obviously.
That's why we fucking had a year-long coup against Evo Morales.
God, that fucking woman, Janine Añez.
Nobody really talks about her much anymore.
Nobody talked about her all that much then, but it is going to be incredible when we finally get a good book about roughly the year-long reign of Janine Añez.
Because that woman was fucking batshit crazy.
But anyway, you see my point.
If you are the only real person, then you do not think of something like, let us say, lithium as part of the world, as a thing that is there for ancient geographical, geohistorical reasons.
No, it's just a thing that is being hoarded by some other people who, they seem like human beings, but they're really not.
And so that gives you the moral imperative to take it from them.
And even the moral imperative to kill them for the sin of having kept you away from their resources.
If you were to tell them that, they would say, wait, what are resources?
This is not a resource.
This is not like something we have for business contingencies.
This is part of the world.
But no, no, no, no, no, no.
You know better.
Because you come from the white monotheist eschatological tradition that tells you that the purpose of the world is for empires to grow until the secret soul of the world becomes eminentized and exposed.
And in some kind of apocalyptic event.
But it's apocalyptic in the good way.
It's an unveiling.
And that leads you to live in a place called the Universal City where I guess presumably everything is supposed to be egalitarian and provided for.
But the only way that could happen is everything outside of the Universal City being an absolute blood feast of exploitation.
But, you know, within the teleological and eschatological tradition, both philosophical and theological, that doesn't really matter.
That's fine.
It's cool.
Don't worry about it.
What happens out there stays out there.
You, your only goal is to correctly steal and murder until you create for yourself a life in the Universal City at the end of history.
The last city there is.
Hey, if you're going to live in a city, you could do worse than the last one, right?
Everybody else out there, they ain't got shit.
And I have talked before about hating Hegel on this show.
And, I mean, look, no one has read all of Hegel.
I refuse to believe that anyone has read all of Hegel.
And I'm sure there are parts of his philosophy that I might find interesting or congenial.
But his philosophy of history is fucking disgusting because it's everything that I just talked about.
And I have no interest in positioning myself as any certain kind of leftist.
You know, I will see sometimes people in comments and stuff arguing, like, I think he's more of a social anarchist than a socialist per se.
Like, dude, you don't have to do that.
It's fine.
I don't need defending.
I don't want defending.
I'm on the left.
That's what matters.
I'm on the left.
And I am on the left in a way where I think studying the mass movement techniques that apply to Russia in 1904 is probably not all that useful.
And I'm definitely on the left in a way where I think that the fact that people successfully overthrew a government somewhere at some point does not mean every word they ever said about anything is gospel.
Fuck off with that.
It's funny how you will get, you know, MLs who make fun of Trotskyites.
And don't get me wrong, Trotskyites deeply deserve to be making fun of.
Making fun of?
Made fun of.
Trotskyites are like, I would say, sort of a, I was going to say better hearted.
I don't know if that's even the right descriptor.
But sort of a better hearted version of LaRoucheites.
You know?
They're goofy ass fucking people.
But calling yourself a full bore Leninist, like everything in Lenin applies now.
Every fucking stray thought Lenin said about anything is not only correct in its time, but objectively correct in the, you know, the immortal science.
I'm sorry.
This shit is not a science.
That is not what science is.
Or, actually, allow me to extend that.
It is a science.
But that, in itself, is completely separate from any sort of fantasy of objective truth.
Because science is not a catalog of objective truth.
Science is a set of essentially aesthetic and intellectual criteria that humanity, over a few centuries, decided was equal to the truth.
And the scientific judgment is ultimately an aesthetic judgment.
Because what it is that makes something scientifically true, these are just criteria chosen by some people who thought they were good.
I'm sorry.
There is absolutely nothing objective about that.
The question of repeatability, explicability, even the fact that that which can be observed is necessarily more true than that which cannot be observed.
Observed.
I'm sorry.
That's not, that's no fucking bedrock.
That is not some foundation on which to build your entire consciousness.
That's aesthetics.
That is an artistic choice.
And if you're willing to admit that, then go ahead.
Yeah, do all the science you want.
But the idea of its objectivity is preposterous.
And in the same way, referring to any school of political thought as scientific.
Well, it's scientific in the sense that it, too, ultimately descends from a set of aesthetic judgments made about the conditions of the world and how they might be changed in a given way.
And look, I am not saying here, oh, yeah, I categorically disagree with everything in Marxism, Leninism.
Of fucking course not.
We all goddamn live in Marx's world, whether we like it or not.
Libertarians live in Marx's world as much as anybody else does.
This is going to be the subject matter of another episode in the series.
But we all live in Freud's world, whether we want to or not.
I understand why people would hate Sigmund Freud.
He's very annoying to read.
I get that.
But Freud's model of the mind is essentially what everybody goes by now.
My point here is that if you want to make fun of Trotsky for selling newspapers for a quarter because of some shit Lenin wrote on a napkin or whatever,
it's also not a great idea to read every word about, you know, strategy and tactics in terms of movement building that Lenin thought about in what was essentially at the time still late medieval Russia
and assumed that the same thing is going to work in Portland.
We're not talking about anything objective here.
Now, you could definitely, and I think the smarter people who are into this kind of thing do that,
you could definitely try to work out a sort of topological transform.
I don't understand topology that well.
But it's basically the branch of mathematics that deals with the shapes created by connections of a given point or given points rather in space
and how those shapes can be deformed and altered but still not break the connections set out at the beginning, right?
So if you can, if you are working at, you know, someone like Lenin or even someone like Trotsky, who fucking cares?
If you are working at their ideas with the idea of a topological transform in mind, of a homeomorphism,
you know, of a shape that has the same essential features but can be melted and pulled and pushed and bent to fit the pressing impediments,
pressing factors, pressing needs of a given time and a given place, yeah, sure.
That's, I have no criticism of that in general.
I may have criticisms of it in particular, but it's not like that's invalid or anything.
It's just, I don't feel, you know what, I was going to put that in a passive sense, but I want to put it in an active one.
I, I not only don't feel that it is necessary to categorize myself as some sort of a particular, you know, tendency within leftism,
I actually feel like it probably is necessary for people to stop thinking so much about that.
Read Lenin, by all means, if you want.
Read Mao, read Marx, read shit, read Stalin.
Read Lenin, by all means, you know, it's not only a categorical home, but in the full Kantian sense of the term,
a categorical imperative that it is not just that you happen to think the political philosophy
and the tactical framework of X person is correct.
Because anyone can think that.
You remember all those stupid fucking articles when Steve Bannon was still, as Felix once put it,
he was the dark Machiavellian quadrilateral who was, you know, supposedly running the alt-right.
And that guy would talk about being a Leninist, you know?
And, I mean, obviously, Steve Bannon is just a very stupid guy.
But it would be possible, I don't know if he did it, but it would be possible to use the, or to try anyway,
to use the general movement building, pressure building techniques of Lenin to completely opposite and evil political purposes.
I don't know if it would work.
I don't know if it's ever been done, but someone could absolutely try.
And this is part of why I don't have any particular interest in categorizing myself or really anyone or anything as a tendency.
I'm trying to take it all in, see what I can think about it.
Not just see what I think about it in the sense of my reaction, but see what I can think about it.
And trying to gauge its relevance to a given political gestalt, whatever you want to call it.
And I think the need to, and this is where we've been going the whole time,
the need both to abstract and extract is active here the same way it is active in the entire history of, you know,
Western white, largely Christian, largely monotheist, not just domination of the world.
But I think now we can say with, with climate science, I realized I've said some things about science,
but climate indicators, let's call them where they are at this point.
It's not just domination of the world anymore.
It's destruction of the world.
It is a genocide of the entire human species, whether that's what they had in mind or not.
And frankly, I think some of them do have that in mind.
Either for, you know, complex and tortuous psychosexual reasons that I can't get into without a specific case study,
or because, and this is part of what is frightening about ghouls like Peter Thiel,
because they really don't believe the, the genocidal destruction of humanity.
And I can't just call it the environment.
It's not just the environment because that is the same thing, right?
Abstracting humanity as being specially like God.
And so humanity doesn't live with other living things.
No, no, no, no, no.
We're alive and everything else is environment merely.
Um, people like Thiel actually don't think that matters.
Actually think they will survive it, uh, whether by their own wiles or simply with wealth or,
and I think this is the case for most of those assholes because they fancy themselves so advanced,
so intellectual, so imaginative, so far-seeing, visionary, the way they insist on that fucking word founder.
That, um, for all practical purposes, they don't consider themselves human.
Not really.
They consider themselves, uh, while the word transhuman used to go around a lot,
although transhuman sounds, you know, pretty different now than it did in the 90s, uh,
but, but superhuman essentially.
And I see this process as a, um, as a kind of spiral, right?
Where you have a circle and the circle circles in upon itself many, many, many times.
And each of the layers of the spiral, each of the circles is, um, in terms of its relative dimensions,
pretty much the same as the circles before it, right?
But everyone is getting narrower and narrower and narrower.
And you come to a point at which the spiral terminates in a single dot right in the middle.
And I think of a lot of historical phenomena this way, that, um, we are spiraling,
and the, the historical echoes or analogies that we have, uh, that's being placed at, say,
the same relative point on, uh, one circle as, as the relative point on another circle.
So, you know, think of the first outer circle of a spiral and then put a, uh, a point on its edge,
let's say precisely at the top.
Well, then the one within it put a point at the top there.
Then one, the one within that put a point at the top there.
We reach these homeomorphisms, like, like I mentioned earlier, we, we reach these points of resonance and correspondence.
But every time we make that circle around again, the noose gets tighter and tighter and tighter.
And it, it is this phenomena, which this phenomena, that's, that is a plural word,
this phenomenon, which, um, troubles me so much, both about the entire Silicon Valley futurist post-human bullshit
and about what I have seen, I would say, in the, uh, the last 10 years or so
in terms of the mania to identify oneself with some kind of super specific political tendency
rather than just basically having principles,
rather than having a, a general idea of what you think the state owes the people who live in it
and what you think human beings owe not only each other, but every other living thing on earth.
And, and maybe the word, oh, maybe I'm betraying, well, because it's monetary,
roots in both, you know, Irish Catholicism and by, by simple environmental absorption,
uh, American Protestantism.
I mean, trust me, I've done everything I could to keep the Protestant virus from, from infecting me.
I've been wearing masks since I was three years old.
Uh, maybe some of it got in there anyway.
Uh, that, that, that frightens me because I see the, the question of, to put it in military terms,
the question of strategy, i.e., what the fuck is it that we're trying to do here?
What is the purpose of any of this?
Why do we care?
What does it matter?
I see that question, um, both, you know, on my quote unquote side and on the other side,
as far as it could get from me, someone like fucking Peter Thiel.
I, I see it being reduced from strategy to tactics, which is to say, instead of why do we care about this?
What do we believe in?
We're constantly hung up instead on questions of, well, what about this approach to this specific issue?
And if you don't toe the fucking line, that means you are a revisionist or a crypto fascist or a liberal in disguise
or a paleo conservative trying to leverage, you know, nationalism to make your way into the anti-war movement,
whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever.
And obviously my perception of this, my awareness of, of how much, uh, how, how profoundly this is happening
is drastically deformed by social media, right?
Because maybe this is exactly how it's always been.
Maybe there is nothing new to any of this at all.
Um, in principle, I can accept that idea.
In principle, I can take that as, as, as, uh, a true basis.
But the problem is that even if the situation of, of, you know, ideological spat on, on something like Twitter,
even if that's only the, the amplification or the publication, I guess would be the word,
of something that's already always been going on.
Well, the thing is the, the, the publication makes it new.
The amplification makes it new because whether it's been happening in the shadows, in the corners, the entire time,
uh, the fact is that if you see it all the time and I'm not just talking about me here, I'm talking about everyone.
Seeing it all the time makes it more real.
It, it attains a different level and dimension of reality.
And, I mean, maybe what I'm talking about here is ultimately sort of a fringe phenomenon.
I mean, I think we're in the U S right.
Caring about politics is sort of a fringe phenomenon in itself.
Caring about foreign policy that makes you a fucking mutant.
No American cares about fucking foreign policy.
So I realized we're, we're dealing with, you know, quintuple sectarian questions here,
but I mentioned all of this to say, and, and the things I, I, uh, invoked at the beginning about the, uh,
the junkie's body simply becoming an instrument to absorb the medium in which he lives.
I actually had a complete other set of things to say about that.
Actually two other sets of things to say about that, which I will now have to do in, in the next parts of this series,
because I, I got on a fucking roll dog.
But, um, that is what worries me.
And, and I, I choose, you know, political sectarianism as, as an example,
but this could be anything, right?
Because like the case of the spiral, I see the same points being hit on the same circle everywhere.
Whether we are going from the roots of monotheism to, you know, the quote unquote enlightenment
and the birth of, you know, rationalism and empiricism, uh, to the, the infinite multicolored fucking rainbow
of political tendencies to which you can ascribe or also, uh, which you can ascribe to yourself,
which is usually the way it actually goes.
It's not, I'm joining this.
It's this thing is me.
I was all, I was always already this thing.
If you didn't know that, that's actually your fault.
Um, what I see is the same, not just abstraction, but I suppose you could call it abstractionism
and thus the same, um, ontologically privileged position, the same, the same historically privileged teleology.
And I'm not saying that, you know, people fucking arguing about Invergocia on Twitter is that important, right?
I'm just talking about this as a phenomenon whose shape has been repeated and repeated.
And though I chose one example here, um, it's being repeated in a million, probably a billion ways all over the world right fucking now.
And it is this phenomenon of the abstraction of self, of ego, or even if, if not of ego in the, the, the Freudian sense,
the abstraction of, of, of one's own existence from all the rest of existence with reference to some higher entity of which you are the earthly representative,
whether that is being made in the image of God or whether that is, is, you know, attempting to carry out, you know, some dictate, uh, from a book written in the 1890s about the English wool trade,
because you think that applies precisely to the United States today or to really any nation today.
What I see there, obviously I don't have like an innate hostility to that.
You know, it's not like I, these people are my enemies, not at all.
I don't, I don't fucking care enough about this sort of, you know, the tyranny of small differences in, in, in any political formation to decide who my fucking enemies are.
I like to make fun of Trotsky is because it's funny, but ultimately I don't, I don't hate Trotsky.
What the fuck?
I don't, I don't hate anyone because of politics online.
Not really.
I will talk shit about them because it's amusing, but no hatred is reserved for serious things.
The fear here is not about any one particular example.
It is that can, that continued identification of the self with some kind of being or principle, which transcends the rest of reality,
which makes every other living thing into merely your environment and which makes all the, the things which rather, whether in a literal or, or a general sense,
populate that environment, it turns them into merely resources.
They're not real.
They're not real on their own.
They, they disappear when you're not thinking about them.
But as long as we have the quantitative tools available to be able to measure them, no matter how insanely stupid or biased or inaccurate or, or, you know, result driven that measurement is,
as long as we can measure them, they're resources.
And as long as they're resources, it effectively means that though you or I may not be thinking about them, you or I may never think about them.
The thought has been done structurally, right?
The thought has placed this cage of the conception of resource and environment around things.
And obviously this all applies to things like global warming.
It applies to things like politics, but I'm not even talking about it specifically in those contexts.
I'm talking about through all the history I know of Western civilization in particular, meaning basically white European civilization that,
that eventually got its way to the Americas.
Because this is the troubling thing that I see.
The identification with some transcendent principle in an imminent world.
And that's imminent, as I talked about last time.
It means, you know, in the world.
That you are the imminentization of that which, apart from you, transcends all.
And that is not merely a thought.
That is not a philosophical point.
That is not a theological platform.
That is a fucking disease.
And part of the reason I brought up Burroughs earlier, though I actually didn't get to most of what I wanted to say about Burroughs,
is that I think, regardless of our, you know, tactical convictions,
of our opinions, however unearned or well-earned on any given question about anything,
as long as that fucking word virus of, you know, self, logos, Godhead,
I am the transcendent becoming imminent.
As long as that drives not only our conscious thought, not only our conscious awareness of ourselves,
but the entire way we frame the world.
Or rather, the fact that we frame it at all.
The fact that we think the world is something you can put into a fucking frame.
As long as all that's happening, whatever we do or don't manage to achieve,
whether humanity survives the next century at all,
which frankly is not a proposition I would want to bet on,
whatever survives it, I think, will very likely not be humanity in any meaningful sense.
It will be a series of human husks serving as essentially the vessels of the anti-logos,
serving as the transmission vectors of that virus.
guitar solo
Well, I grew up in the client state,
made of a petro-king with a complicated take on things like human rights,
but baby, that's the sacrifice
for bringing joy
to the world.
And I learned young
how the West was one
with Christ's big heart
and a bigger gun
But it wasn't enough
so we took the moon
cause Nazi rock
it's science too
and bring joy
to the world
War on drugs
This righteous cause
To clear our streets
of criminals
Now civilized
by an opioid
So the Sackler family
can enjoy
spreading joy
spreading joy
around the world
spreading joy
around the world
Well, New York City
The world loves you
When retribution's surely due
For the zealous
who brought you hell
Who brought you hell
Boy, the heroes
And Langley taught them well
How to infiltrate joy
And do it
To the world
To the world
Can't we all just get along
Like Amazon
And Raytheon
Coming together
To make a drone
To bring us lunch
And kill the sun
In a sin
Just a two-for-one
Holistic joy
To the world
To the world
Please stop resisting
All the joy
Please stop resisting
All the joy
In
Your
World
Just a car full of celebrities
Singing about the joy
In
Your
World
Just a car full of celebrities
Singing about the joy
In
Your
World
The
World
The
World
The
String of bad luck
In this final turn
We gathered around
And watched our cities burn
Who could have possibly predicted this?
Said everyone
So we boldly venture into the black
Guided by a grand soundtrack
We'll liberate
So for the world
We'll be able to live
We'll be able to live
Without
temos
Pompey
Tell us
In
cape
Still
Totally
We told us
Of
Flight
Blood
and original sin
The mantra rings across the land
How clever!
Look at us, we've done it again!
We're bringing joy
To whole new worlds
You must admit
We've certainly got a knack for
Bringing joy
To whole new worlds
In time these aliens will land all out the jar
We'll bring our whole new worlds
We're bringing joy
To your world
You better hope you don't have cheap bananas or ice
We're bringing joy
To your world
You better hope you don't have cheap bananas or ice
We're bringing joy
To your world
You better hope you don't have dead dinosaurs
We're bringing joy
To your world
So we're bringing joy
To your world
To your world
You better hope you don't have big plans
Or else we'll bring in
Other challenges
To your world
To our own internet
We're bringing joy
To your mind
Arbider
At least welcome
To this world
To our escrow
Is breakingham
To our land
Bye
To our staff
To our walk
To our underground
To our Only
