So here's the thing, everybody.
I don't like going on sort of opinion rants, epic late night political talk show opinion rants.
You know, the purpose of this show is not for you to hear my opinions.
The purpose of this show is for me to do the damnedest I can in digging stuff up and then putting it into some kind of shape that hopefully will be elucidative about something or other.
Right.
I don't like just directly addressing a huge crowd of people and telling them what I think just so they know.
But there are certain moments I think historically that you want to pick a side quick and early.
Right.
And not just so that you can point back and say, see, I was right.
I was right.
It's not about that shit at all.
It's about picking a side so the people on that side know that you are with them from the beginning.
And I feel like things have come to a point in this wretched fucking country where I really need to say that about the repulsive wave of anti-trans legislation that has just sailed through the legislatures of this country over the last four or five months or so.
I don't think it would be too much to call this phenomenon and it's hinted legislative pogrom because there's something going on here that is, I think, maybe uniquely dangerous in the sense that if I can date myself.
One of the first things that got me interested in politics on a personal level, on a level of personal engagement rather than, you know, abstract ideology was gay rights back in back in the late 90s, early 2000s.
2000s.
And I remember hearing all sorts of horrific things said about gay people, that they should be second class citizens, that they were, you know, perverts.
And I'm not even going to repeat it because it's so defamatory, but, you know, basically akin to other, any other kind of pervert you can imagine that they should be forced to live in sequestration.
And, you know, you all know this, but there is something about this anti-trans shit.
And there's a reason I don't say transphobic.
This is my point, that the homophobia I'm talking about was on the level of trying to make gay people not only endure, but accept their station as somehow less, less human than other humans.
Right.
The trans shit, the anti-trans shit is a level beyond that.
It is not merely about trying to hollow out a subordinate place in the social hierarchy for trans people.
It is an attempt to argue that trans people shouldn't exist at all.
That anywhere from, you know, on the moron spectrum, from they're not actually real, there's never been a real trans person.
It's, you know, it is an abomination in the eyes of God.
It's going to undermine everything we think we know about category and taxonomy and hierarchy and binary, which if it did incidentally, fine, good.
And on the other side of the idiot spectrum, it's, you know, oh, transgenderism, gender ideology is a mental illness.
And these people need help.
These people need to be cured before they hurt themselves and others.
And I am probably saying this in naivete because I'm too young to remember that kind of rhetoric being directed at gay people.
But to me, this seems like a, a, an attempted genocidal ideology.
And not just an attempted genocidal ideology, but a, a much aided attempt to place that ideology in some kind of mainstream position.
And as repulsed as I am by the people passing these fucking laws, the people writing these fucking laws, the people trying to ban every book that makes any reference at all to the idea of gender, especially gender, that doesn't go right along with what you would think the first time you see a human being.
It, it's, it's, it's not just that it's the people at the fucking New York times and the fucking Washington post who, if any issue doesn't immediately affect their own most base crass material interests, they decide that it needs an equal hearing.
Right. So if, if you tried to write an editorial for the New York times about socializing housing in this country, about seizing all the vacant investment properties that have turned fucking San Francisco and the entire Bay area into a rich people's playground, they wouldn't even consider that because, Hey, that, that hits them in the fucking pocketbook.
But you bring up trans issues, right? And because that doesn't hit them square in the face, they say, well, okay. On one hand, we can publish an editorial that says, uh, people have existed outside of gender binaries in basically every civilization we know anything about for thousands upon thousands of years.
And there is nothing unnatural or even particularly unusual about it. And this is just one manifestation among many of that phenomenon. But if we run, if we run that column, we also have to run a column by someone saying that all trans people are, are involved in a Machiavellian conspiracy to do away with the entire notion of, I don't know, women. That's a particularly popular one.
I was just talking to someone from, uh, from Britain about this and about how the species of transphobia that is, that is currently, uh, on vogue in Britain is not so much the right wing religious fucking Bubba asshole that we get in the U S instead it's, it's transphobia under the rubric of liberal feminism.
It's if we allow trans women to be recognized as women, that's going to destroy women's rights somehow in a way. I, I frankly don't feel I am at all responsible to explain because if I started trying to do that, I'd look like a fucking idiot.
But the way that, you know, the way that, you know, ostensibly centrist or even center left media, and we know there's no center left mass media in the U S the New York times is a right wing paper. The Washington post is a right wing paper. It's just that everything else is even further right wing than that.
But the way these sons of bitches, the way these fucking bastards will give airtime to people who are openly talking about, you know, exterminationist attitudes toward trans people.
And then say, Hey, we, we also ran an article saying, you know, maybe it's not bad. That shit is, is repugnant to me on a level deeper than I can articulate without just kind of, you know, screaming and punching through a window.
And, and unfortunately I am equally sickened to say that when I have mentioned things like this on venues like Twitter, even some people in my own, I don't, following is such an awkwardness.
Awful word in my own audience. Let's say have come back with, well, but there are some very interesting studies and you know, maybe, uh, you know, we're, we're, is it, is it a coincidence that this happened and that happened and then more children are suddenly trans like fuck out of here with that.
Get the fuck away from me with that. If, if, if you can take that seriously after hearing anything I've ever said, there is clearly no point in you.
You're not, you're not, you're not absorbing a goddamn thing. So please leave the rest of us in peace. The, the idea that there is some sort of psychological or pharmaceutical conspiracy to manufacture trans children.
Let me put it like this from, from, from about 15 to just recently, I had 20 years of my life in large part blotted out because a series of quack fucking doctors who, uh, had no interest in actually dealing with a patient beyond sort of lining up one list of symptoms with another list of medications.
Fed me, I would guess in that time, 40 or 50 different kinds of pills.
And I have lived in baffled, terrified darkness and intense pain and, and constant panic and unwanted, unstoppable, intrusive, suicidal ideation this entire time.
And yet I have never seen a New York times editorial about how maybe just maybe if a kid starts feeling bad in puberty or adolescence, the answer isn't to punch that kid full of as many fucking pills as you can.
Just kind of vaguely hoping your interests will line up correctly. Just sort of, Hey, you know, you try everything you got. And if it doesn't work, you know, you live to fight another day.
I mean, the kid doesn't live to fight another day. The kid, the kid dies, but, but you as a doctor, this is to be expected.
This is simply the nature of things and it's sad, but we all have to admit it. I don't recall anyone advocating on my behalf like that.
And so when, when suddenly something that is, is entirely a personal matter, something that relates to no one except the person in question, the idea of one's own felt gender orientation, identity, whatever you want to call it.
When that comes up, otherwise ostensibly not stupid people will start going. Well, you know, ever since the, uh, they took away monosodium glutamate.
We've certainly seen a lot more trans children than we have before. Well, yeah. Okay. By that, by that metric, there are also more trans children now than there were before, uh, nine 11.
So September 11th caused trans people. How about that? Or actually there are more now than there were before Ronald Reagan was the president.
So despite what you might think his ideological orientation was no, actually he was on a secret mission to create transgender people.
If, if, if, if the, the sheer, not just stupidity, but the mendacious craven insincerity of that is not blindingly fucking obvious to you.
I don't know what to tell you. I don't know what to tell you. And whatever tiny little difference it makes.
I want anyone out there who is, it is trans or has ever even considered the possibility of being trans or who is, who is, who's in a state of, you know, gender nonconformity of any kind, even if it's not being trans as such, you know, even if it's simply, I know what I'm supposed to be.
I know what society tells me I am, but I don't feel like that's exactly right. And I'm not sure what to do about it. Even that, even that, I want you to know that there is somebody who in me has never really doubted being male in any serious way who sees the, the fucking siege warfare that these people are trying to commit against you and realizes that it is fucking insane.
And, and, and beyond insane is, I think, again, talked about recently, the actual technical definition of genocide, I think is working toward a, a, an attempted alignment of genocidal forces, not just to make you, you know, three fifths of a citizen in the famous American formulation.
Cause if there's anything America is really good at, at its roots, America's prime skill is deciding who isn't a full human being and how much less than a full human being they are. That's what we really do. That's what this fucking country is about.
This is genocidal. And there, there is no argument to be made about that. It is not simply a diminution in social status. It is an attempt to eradicate an entire kind of person.
And right now that eradication is talking is focusing on things like detransitioning and about preventing, you know, literature, which suggests any, any reality to the transgender phenomenon from getting in the hands of children.
I just saw the other day, some fuckhead in Oklahoma in a public school, um, in their library from which hundreds, perhaps thousands of books have now been banned saying, you know, our library isn't empty.
It's got everything a child would need to know. And apart from two fucking William Bennett books about constitutional originalism, William Bennett, by the way, degenerate gambler.
It also had a William F. Buckley book. And yes, this would be the same William F. Buckley who chose round pink little boys, uh, from his Ivy league connections to have, uh, stimulating intellectual dinners with, and then take them on his yacht in the long Island sound.
And basically force them to get naked and skinny dip with him. That is what they think is more morally wholesome than, than the idea of questioning one's own gender identity.
They think the idea of, of William Buckley saying to fucking 18 year old Ross Douthat, you know, it's perfectly normal, my dear boy. The Greeks did this all the time. Don't you know?
And they were the greatest architects of civilization that this world has ever seen. So here is a bottle of olive oil. And I want you to rub this between your thighs. That's fine. That's absolutely fine.
But making a decision or before even the level of decision, just having some measure of questioning of whether you feel yourself to be accurately represented by the concepts of a given gender represented is, is even the wrong word because that makes it outward and social.
The idea that struggling with a disconnect, a dissonance between the concept of gender into which you were born and the concept of the person you feel to be, you feel yourself to be.
That is, that is, that is somehow worse than all the fucking mid century dwyens of the conservative intelligentsia fucking boys on their boats.
That's all okay. Because, Hey, at least those guys, at least while they were fucking boys on their boats, they were also doing everything they could to make sure segregation never went away.
So, you know, it's, it's, you gotta hear both sides basically. And it, it's, it's, it's always naive to be shocked by, uh, anything in human history, particularly now when, and this will be a large part of, a large part of the point of the actual episode when I get to it, especially when we realize that history in, in a formulation that I actually can't remember if I stole this from someone,
or if I, uh, came up with it myself, but I think it works. People talk about historical rhymes and historical repetitions, right? And there is something to that, but history is not a circle where you just keep going around and hitting the same points again.
History is a spiral. It's circles within circles, right? And so there are congruencies between a certain point on the bigger circles and a certain point on the little circles, right?
But the absolute size of the circles gets either larger or smaller as the spiral descends or ascends. And so some things, some spirals are began large and are now spiraling out into their ends.
And the repetitions of those coordinate points, they matter less and less. Other circles, the opposite. They began small and now the spiral is widening and widening. And every time we hit that congruent coordinate point, it means more and usually worse than last time.
This is to be quite ambiguous, to be quite unambiguous. This is how I see history. I wish I didn't. I wish I could look at it in terms of, you know, Orthodox Marxist teleology. I'm sorry. I fucking can't. I don't believe that.
And the fact of this historical repetition, as I was saying, makes it naive of me to be shocked by anything.
I remember, I'm going to do another show about this in not too long, but I remember the shock that surrounded the wars of the ex-Yugoslav states in especially the mid-90s as they impacted the U.S.
You know, I remember being in third, fourth grade and having sort of my teachers when they were talking to each other, vaguely, portentously intoning words like, you know, Kosovo, Milošević, Bosnia, without any clear idea of what the fuck they meant.
And the overriding sentiment then, both among the people I knew as a child and as I go back in the historical record of people who were ostensibly well-informed adults back then, the overriding sentiment seems to be, how could this happen again?
How could this happen in Europe again?
After the Holocaust, we said never again. We all said never again. We promised it.
And in order to keep that promise, we took all the Jews who probably should have been given the Rhineland in Germany, who probably should have been given Poland, who probably should have been given an enormous chunk of the Mitte der Europa from which they had been displaced.
And instead, we chucked them all down there in the British mandate of Palestine because, frankly, we don't really want them, like, too close to us.
I mean, let's not go overboard here.
And as I've mentioned on the show before, it should not be understated how many Nazis and fascists were also Zionists.
Nazis and fascists who loved the idea of a Jewish homeland in order to get them the fuck out of Europe.
That was not an uncommon view.
I mean, fucking Adolf Eichmann was a Zionist.
He wanted to put all the Jews on Madagascar, which is an idea so stupid that it's almost a miracle that it's been preserved by history.
But my purpose in talking about this is to say that in those the Serbia, Bosnia, Kosovo, all of that, this idea that it was some kind of historical aberration, that this was happening again.
And this is, of course, back in that context and still horribly ill-defined and seems to me, though I am not an expert in the matter at all, kind of facile to draw these insane comparisons between the not just industrialized Nazi death machine,
but the American-backed, American-enabled Nazi industrialized death machine, and the sort of the collapsing throes, you know, the breakup trimmers of the former Yugoslav republics.
I don't know all that much about that subject.
I am perfectly willing to admit it.
And soon, actually, I'm going to have someone on who does know a lot about that subject.
But when I was old enough to look back on that with any sort of perspective and realize what all of my teachers, all the adults I knew, had been talking about when they said,
how can this happen again?
We said never again.
And I remember thinking, yeah, you said never again.
That's all you did.
Said.
You used some words.
And in toning those words, you managed to create basically a giant American aircraft carrier where Palestine used to be.
And then that was kind of the end of it, except for military aid.
And any time Israel wanted to prosecute a war of aggression to steal land from any neighboring country, that was fine.
We would send them guns.
Hey, have the Blue Angels do a flyover and a fucking parachute down like it's the Super Bowl.
Fantastic.
Land right in Sabra and Shatila.
And all the empty, fenced-off circles where, you know, I think some people used to be in those, but I don't know what happened to them, really.
This idea that it couldn't happen again when nothing has really fundamentally changed at the root.
We have changed styles.
We have changed surface manners.
We have changed outward standards for acceptability and decorum and reasonable political language.
But the actual root of the causes that lead to all this shit, we didn't change a goddamn thing.
In fact, we have exacerbated it worse, I think, than anyone could have imagined was possible to do on purpose in the mid and late 1940s.
And the same thing I'm sure you all remember with Darfur, talking about the horrific events there, the horrific, really ongoing civil war in Darfur, as opposed to what now looks like the urbanized, centralized possible civil war.
I don't know if that would be the correct word for it, but something approaching civil war in Sudan in general.
We hear about these things as if they are relics of a barbarous past to which we not only should never, but can never return.
Because we're better than that now.
We understand more now.
We've built more efficient and also more just and equitable systems now.
And that is all fucking nonsense.
It is all meaningless.
The systems we have built, to the extent that they're different at all, are larger.
And maybe their main selling point here is that they are better able to get this shit out of our line of sight.
It's not that there's any less genocide now than there was in 1943.
No, it's that we don't have to look at it.
It's that it's all happening in those territories, those countries, those one-time sovereign nations that we essentially conquered in what I will always keep calling World War III, the Third World War.
And the idea that there is some sort of radically different race-a-nation going on here, that we simply don't abide by the same motives and techniques as we used to, that we've grown past that.
I'm sorry.
It's not fucking true at all.
All of which is a way to say that I shouldn't be surprised, and I know I shouldn't be surprised.
By the way, trans people are getting treated in this country now, and I'm sure, because the U.S. is so often the bellwether in attempts at mass extermination, I'm sure elsewhere in the world, I don't see the news from elsewhere in the world as much as I do the American kind.
And the fact that the news, you know, bracketed off in quotations, is such bullshit here, is, I think, arguably a better barometer of the way people think.
Not a better barometer of what's going on, not the truth, but what people think is going on, right?
That's why you read the New York Times, the Washington Post.
They're worth paying attention to, not because they tell the truth, but because they tell what a certain class of people thinks the truth is.
And for those certain class of people, it has become abundantly obvious, really over years and years now, but especially, I feel like, in the last six months or so,
that they are perfectly willing to hear out what is not even an argument, what is not even a position, really, is just this bilious spasm that not only should trans people not be treated as human beings,
not only should their right to any sort of self-determination be taken away, but in fact, they should cease to exist entirely.
And that it is somehow my prerogative to tell them what they should be.
That is fucking crazy.
I mean, even in my abominable right-wing Catholic youth, even among the Jesuits and Opus Dei fucking freaks I grew up with,
the position toward gay people at its most noxious still retained this kind of get-out-of-jail-free clause,
where they would tell you, oh, no, no, no, it's not being gay that's the problem.
It's acting upon homosexual urges.
And that if you were born with homosexual urges, and they never really believe that, right,
because they always think it's some sort of, you know, mass media culture conspiracy to make you gay,
but they would say it, despite not believing it, if you're born with homosexual urges,
you can simply deny them.
You can simply refuse to give in.
And as we all know, the Catholic Church, especially its ecclesiastical hierarchy,
it's just stuffed with people who are absolute experts at never giving in to their impulses.
If there's one thing you can say about the Vatican, you've got to give them credit for that one.
Even that, I think, is different from the idea that gay people just shouldn't exist.
It's not even that they should all be rounded up and killed.
It's that it's ontologically incorrect for them to be alive.
And that is what I'm seeing in this anti-trans shit over, you know, years now, again,
but really recently in a horrifyingly ugly spate.
And it's bad enough here, but because of the person I mentioned, I've talked to before,
to see it in the UK and to see basically the exact same, again, it's doing them a favor to call them ideas,
but the exact same sorts of bigotries spouted now from what is ostensibly the other side,
that no, being trans isn't wrong because it's some sort of perversion of God's plan.
And, you know, man and woman, he created them.
Male and female, he created them.
Which, interestingly, if you take that phrase literally from the King James Bible,
male and female, he created them.
That doesn't appear to really make your point.
But anyway, that is where transphobia tends to come from in the United States,
at least on the mass scale, right?
Well, in England, not so.
In England, transphobia, at least as a media phenomenon,
as something that is, you know, factitiously transformed into a cultural talking point,
is being led by self-identified feminists who have somehow gotten the idea that
if trans women are women, then that devalues the stock of women everywhere.
As if, I mean, it's a grotesque kind of admission of how these people actually think, I would say.
In that, I've mentioned before on this show, the theory of the anthropologist Claude Lévi-Strauss
about the incest taboo that he found in his anthropological studies
that almost everywhere he went, even between cultures that ostensibly had no shared foundations,
no roots, no, you know, intermarriage or cultural transmission between each other,
that incest was at the core of the things you cannot do.
And his reasoning, which you may not agree with, but is worth hearing,
his reasoning about this was that it wasn't because incest was some kind of grave,
grotesque, repulsive horror, which of course it is.
And it wasn't anything to do with, you know, deformed children,
because the sort of thought process, understanding of genetics and heredity
that would create that view simply did not exist.
The idea was that incest is essentially a form of hoarding.
It's a form of primitive accumulation, because society, in his view,
at the very root is built on the exchange of women.
Society consists of tribal and clan groups,
which would otherwise have every incentive in the world to go to war with each other.
But these tribal and clan groups exchange women.
They either give or sell their women to each other
to become the wives of the next generation.
And because there are now these interlocking ties
between what once would have been warring clans,
these clans are now incentivized not to go to war.
Their economic and, I mean, beyond the modern sense of economic,
their simple stake in livelihood is now threatened by war
because everything has become interconnected with their former enemies.
And now they cannot destroy the fortunes of one house, one tribe, one clan
without threatening to pull down the architecture of the entire social gestalt
that they have built by exchanging women, right?
And this is a real fucking grim view of social construction if you are a woman.
And I am certainly not promoting it on any kind of ideological grounds.
I mention it at all.
Well, I mention it for a point I'm going to make here in a moment if I ever do.
But I mention it because it is horrifying.
And because I have trouble when it comes to any theory of the nature of society
or human interrelationship on the mass level.
I have trouble not believing the most horrifying thing.
Because the most horrifying thing is what I have seen borne out
essentially every day of my life when I have felt myself in possession of the power to look.
And what strikes me about this liberal feminist hatred for trans women
is that they seem to believe this same thing.
They seem to believe the Levi-Straussian idea of women as currency.
Because their fear of trans women, their hatred of trans women,
in some cases their disbelief in even the concept of trans women,
is rooted in the idea that trans women are going to dilute the currency.
That admitting trans women exist is like printing too many fucking dollars
and you're going to cause inflation.
And the women women who were there before are suddenly going to be worthless, frankly.
Are suddenly going to be perceived as a commodity with a lower exchange value.
And if you really believe that,
or I mean better yet than really believe in the conscious sense,
if someone like me can point out to someone like them
that this is the basic assumption at the roots of their thought,
I would think the response to that would be to,
I hate the word interrogate in the modern academic sense,
but to interrogate one's own sense of worth,
of womanhood,
of what femininity means as aside from a prescribed set of biological differences, right?
Because if you identify yourself as a feminist,
much less a liberal or even a radical feminist,
and yet your idea of the inherent worth of women
is based still on a 20,000 year old notion of women as currency,
that doesn't strike me as terribly feminist.
That strikes me as a phenomenon that Friedrich Nietzsche
used to refer to as ressentiment,
which is literally French for resentment,
but it also literally means re-feeling or feeling again.
And ressentiment is the idea that you take
whatever you are most afraid of,
whatever threatens you most deeply at your core,
and instead of trying to deny it and keep it out of your mind,
you instead decide that it is in some way good
and that it can be used,
that you try to invert the circumstances of your own horror
and instead put them to some kind of direct material advantage.
And I can't say I have any sympathy at all
for a complete fucking piece of shit like J.K. Rowling.
Bitch, you have a billion dollars.
Fuck off and leave us alone forever.
If I had a billion dollars,
you would never hear my name again.
You would never see me again.
I would be gone, gone.
I could not give a fuck about any of this.
Come on.
I can't say I feel sympathy for them.
That would be way too strong a word.
But I can say that I feel a kind of,
how should I put it,
oppositional concern for them
in that it seems like their outright hatred,
and at this point,
I think we can get by any of the pseudo-polite,
you know,
oh no, I'm just asking questions.
I just, you know,
I have an open mind.
I want to hear both sides of the story.
Nah, bitch, you hate trans people.
You hate them.
And it seems like that hatred
in the, you know,
sort of rad-fem, rad-lib side of things
is rooted in a profound fear
that at the end and at the core of things,
women are still tokens of exchange.
Women are still a form of currency,
and that you have to hoard
as much currency value unto yourself
as you can
in order to have any chance
of making it in this world
in a life that is not
a state of total and constant subjugation.
And that,
that fear,
as detached from the hatred of trans people,
that fear is something to be addressed, right?
That fear is something
to think about seriously,
to worry about seriously.
That,
that is the kind of fear
that is so deep-rooted,
so deeply rooted,
pardon me,
in,
in the nature of,
of civilization
as we have constructed it,
that if you want to get rid of it,
you got to tear a lot of this shit down,
right?
And we should.
I'm,
I'm fully with tearing it down.
I want to see this shit burn.
But instead,
instead of digging back to the root
and trying to uproot
this,
this horrible fucking cancer
at the basis of human civilization
in which women are essentially
a durable form of money,
these are people
who have made the decision
consciously or otherwise
to say,
well,
look,
I know the things I'm really scared of
go back to the,
interestingly,
not the beginnings of human civilization
in,
uh,
the absolute sense
because there's quite a bit of evidence
that until about 10,000 BC,
uh,
most existing human societies
were a lot more matriarchal
and communal
than,
than,
uh,
they would subsequently be
and that the shift
from hunter-gatherer societies
to,
uh,
settled agricultural societies
inaugurated the,
the sort of patriarchal drift.
that's a subject
for another time.
But,
uh,
if,
if,
if you are terrified
of this thing
and instead,
instead of trying to uproot it,
decide,
well,
look,
I mean,
other than that,
other than my constant fear
that trans women
are somehow going to usurp
part of my dollar value
as a female,
shit's actually pretty good for me.
I'm JK Rowling.
I'm a fucking billionaire.
I'm some stupid asshole
who can get published
in anywhere from
the,
the Daily Mail
to the Guardian
anytime I want.
Actually,
I'm,
I'm standing member
for fucking,
I don't know,
Barnsley.
Things are going pretty well for me,
so really,
I don't want to fix
the problem per se.
I just want to lash out
at the people
who I feel
threaten me
personally
the most.
I mean,
how different is that?
Really?
How different is that
than the rhetorical position
in which Jews
were placed
in Central Europe
between the two world wars?
I know that is
an overdone comparison
with lots of,
of problems
along the way
and lots of circles
that have to be squared.
I'm fully aware of that
and I am not saying
it is a one-to-one
congruency,
not at all.
I am simply asking
how different
is it really?
What percentage
different
is it really
to,
to look at a,
a social form,
a form of economic production,
a form of
nation statehood
in which,
you know,
as a cis woman
in,
in the UK
or as a
right-wing
fucking
subhuman
gargoyle
in the US
that
your,
not just value
as a human being,
but ability
to keep surviving
is contingent
upon
these
primordial
evils
built into
everything you know
about society
and civilization.
and instead
of doing
anything
about that,
to find
the group
of people
that strikes
you as the
most alien
and of course
alien in these
situations
always carries
with it
in parentheses
usurper,
usurper,
they're coming
to take your
place.
How different
is it
then
to aim
your,
your combined
rage
at the root
evils
of contemporary
civilization
and
at
civilizational
change
happening
on a scale
and at a speed
which you
cannot understand
and
focus
all of that
on
the most
imperiled
people
in your
fucking
society.
I'm not saying
it's the same
as Jews
in 1933.
I'm not saying
that.
I am saying
I would like
everyone,
everyone who is
not trans,
everyone who is
trans doesn't
need to be
told this,
but everyone
who is not
trans in this
audience and
especially,
especially everyone
who has a
penchant for
entertaining
those sorts of,
you know,
weakened editorial
columns on the
innate,
the level of,
you know,
trans people.
There sure are a
lot more of them
than there used
to be.
What does this
say about
X?
And X can be
anything from
fucking factory
farms to
sports to
cultural
Marxism.
If you,
if you take
any of that
seriously,
I would like
you to sit
down and think
hard for a
minute and
ask yourself,
how different
is this?
How different
is this
really?
And beyond
any,
any,
uh,
retrospect and
regret and
later recrimination,
I want you to
think,
would I be
comfortable in
this moment
knowing that
my attitudes
toward trans
people,
if,
if they didn't
actively promote,
they at least
did nothing to
get in the way
of what
happened to
Jews in
Europe in
the middle of
this century.
Would you be
comfortable with
that?
would you
just sit
with that
and think,
hey,
que sera,
sera?
It's like
the song
says,
if you
would,
I got
nothing to
say to
you and
believe me,
believe me,
you got
nothing to
say to
me.
And,
and for
the rest
of you who
are out
there,
hour by
hour,
not just
by the
passage of
laws,
not just
by the
news stories
and the
moronic
editorials
and the
ginned up
fucking
social panics,
not only
each of
those by
each,
but from
minute to
goddamn
minute,
hour to
goddamn
hour,
trying to
figure out
who you
feel comfortable
being.
Whatever that
means to
you,
I am no
one to
prescribe it
for you
and neither
is anyone
else.
And to
everyone who
is trying to
not even
dissuade you,
not even
directly
enforce your
status as
a freak or a
second-class
citizen,
not even those
people,
just to
everyone who
thinks they're
being nuanced
and fair
and reasonable
by telling
you,
you don't
feel what
you feel
and you
aren't who
you are.
There's two
words and
there's only
two words.
Fuck
them.
Fuck
them.
Fuck
them.
Fuck
them.
Fuck
them.
Fuck
them.
Fuck
them.
Fuck
them.
Fuck
them.
Fuck
them.
Fuck
them.
Well, I grew up in the client state of a petro king
With a complicated take on things like human rights
But baby, that's the sacrifice
Bringing joy to the world
And I learned young how the West was one
With Christ's big heart and a bigger gun
But it wasn't enough, so we took the moon
Cause Nazi rock, it's science too
And bring joy to the world
War and drugs, this righteous cause
To clear our streets of criminals
Now civilized by an opioid
So the Sackler family can enjoy
Spreading joy around the world
For New York City, the world loves you
When retribution's surely due
For the zealots who brought you hell
Hellboy the heroes and Langley taught them well
How to infiltrate joy
To the world
To the world
Can't we all just get along
Like Amazon
And Raytheon
Coming together to make a drone
To bring us lunch
And kill the sun
In a city
Just a two for one
Holistic joy
To the world
To the world
They start resisting
All the joy
In your world
Just a car full of celebrities
Singing about the joy
In your world
A string of bad luck
In this final turn
They gathered around
Watched our cities burn
Who could have possibly predicted this?
Said everyone
So we boldly venture into the black
Guided by a grand soundtrack
We'll liberate some foreign stars
And stick a flag on the face of Mars
The beauty of starting again
Your patience, zero and original sin
The mantra rings across the land
How clever
Look at us
We've done it again
We're bringing joy
To whole new worlds
You must admit
We've certainly got a knife
For bringing joy
To whole new worlds
In time these aliens
Will land all out the joy
Will bring their home
New worlds
They're bringing joy
To your world
You better hope
You don't have cheap bananas
Or ice
We're bringing joy
To your world
You better hope
You don't have dead dinosaurs
We'll bring joy
To your world
To your world
You better hope
You don't have big plans
Or else we'll bring it
