Hey everyone, welcome to our newest Patrons Only mini-episode. Today we're asking the question,
why do we fall in love with pop culture monsters? And it's all for you, our sweet patrons,
our sweet Satans.
Is romance really dead? In some of these cases, yeah. Our culture has long been obsessed with tales
of paranormal romance, may it be with vampires, ghosts, beasts, aliens, or any number of creative
monsters. There was even a 2013 romantic comedy horror film called Warm Bodies, in which a human
woman fell for a pure of heart, handsome zombie. Who could forget 2008 to 2012, when the Twilight
franchise dominated the box office, the bookstore, and the internet at large? Dangerous, sullen,
emo-skinny vampire Edward Cullen was nothing new, and many of us knew a similar love growing
up. Angel, Buffy's vampire boyfriend, who was far more beefy, a guy that alternated between beautiful
brooding lover boy and brutal soulless murderer. What 90s kid could forget the dance scene in Casper,
one of the most romantic moments in children's movie history? Devin Sawa, as Casper the friendly
ghost, is allowed to take human form again for just one night, float dancing with Christina Ricci.
Be still, my six-year-old heart. As a kid, watching Disney's Beauty and the Beast over and over and
over and over, I'm not afraid to admit I fell in love right alongside Belle and mirrored her feelings
when she sang about her developing crush on essentially a monster. New and a bit alarming,
the lyrics went, and yeah, Belle, no kidding. Also, you can just think of any iteration of King Kong,
and that's enough said. Our obsession with monsters certainly bleeds out into reality as well. In fact,
heartthrob Zac Efron recently played the allegedly handsome serial killer Ted Bundy in a Netflix film
that explored his relationship with his long-term girlfriend. We've also all heard of women out there
who fall in love with and even marry imprisoned serial killers. Hey, Charles Manson even had a
girlfriend right before he died. Something that most monsters in romantic films and TV and books all seem
to have in common is the idea that they're misunderstood by society and that under their often dangerous
personalities lies a gentle-hearted sweetness. And it's the love of a woman that might finally break
the curse and heal that sickness, bring them back to life, or tame the eternal evil that dwells within
them. We talk about fairy tales and romantic films setting unrealistic expectations for storybook romance,
and the idea that our love can suddenly heal an otherwise deranged individual is yet another damaging story
that we hear over and over and over again. But it's also an attractive one. Something fun to consider,
which maybe it's a stretch, is the concept of supernormal stimuli, which we talked about in our
episode on Poison Halloween Candy. It's an evolutionary psychological concept that animals, including humans,
are partial to things in our world that are more exaggerated than typical things. Just as a reminder,
this was shown through a series of experiments with birds that proved that they chose to abandon their own
eggs in favor of brightly colored, bigger eggs placed near them by scientists. Television and film in general
are considered exaggerations of our typical social cues, a dramatization of our own reality. And because this
is often felt as more pleasurable, more emotionally stirring, more desirable, it can help explain our
obsession with vampires, ghosts, and other human-like creatures that show these superhuman traits and
appearances. We can also go down a less comfortable path as well. With a huge amount of now-popular monster porn
running the gamut from Bigfoot to Pennywise the Clown, there's also an obvious sexual side that pairs with the romance
of some of the more predatory monsters, Devon Sawa aside. Some psychologists will talk about the dark
fantasies of women that these encounters suggest, but perhaps the truth isn't quite so easy, quite so gross,
and more interesting. Though Twilight's Bella is a kind of passive victim typical of the vampire genre,
someone stalked and hunted and lacking control, she comes into power when she becomes a vampire too.
This mirrors the story of Bram Stoker's Dracula, in which Lucy goes from soft-spoken virgin to
terrifying powerful seductress. In the case of a man like Ted Bundy, perhaps when we look at him as
handsome, when we essentially objectify a rapist serial killer, we can kind of take some power back,
just as some psychologists have noticed about women who are romantically involved with serial killers.
They're often previous victims of abuse. We talked about this in our Ted Bundy episode. And we might
easily assume that these women are continuing their own trauma through some psychological issue. But many
interviews have revealed that they actually derive a sense of control from these relationships. They hold
all the power to alleviate the loneliness, provide affection, and buy them things they want from their
commissary. These women can choose at any moment to stop, and there's nothing these men can do about it.
There's another allure too. An allure of loving something essentially unreal, whether that be a serial killer
locked behind bars that you'll never actually touch, or a fictional monster locked forever into a screen or the pages of a book.
With both, we don't have to deal with the reality of what it means to be in an intimate relationship,
the nitty gritty of it, the day-to-day hard work, and the potential pitfalls of the abusive men who may
resemble these monsters, both in their ugly power, but also in the confusion of their sweetness,
the confusion of seeing what seems like goodness underneath. Many of us, especially women,
who've been programmed by society to be the emotional saviors of wayward men, are vulnerable
to a deep and compulsive need to save others, myself very much included. The idea that our love
could be enough to transform a monstrous person into an empathetic human being again is a truly
attractive one. It makes us feel like maybe we could save the world one person at a time,
but it's a myth that continues to find well-meaning people in deeply unhealthy situations.
If you haven't experienced that, you might have experienced this milder example. While ghosts may
not be physically dangerous, they do kind of represent a sort of absence, a way that they're not quite
fully present, like someone who's withdrawn, numb, due to their own life circumstances or their sullen
nature. You ever known someone who was like a ghost? You thought you could love them back into
this realm where they would finally live again as a full-color human being? Uh-oh, while I may not be
a monster, I think sometimes I've been a ghost. Maybe you've dealt with someone like that, or maybe you've
been one yourself. Psychologist John Gressel wrote about his ideas behind one of my most influential
movies, the classic human monster love story Beauty and the Beast. The far more brutal fairy tale itself
got its start back in the 1700s, and since then there's been a lot of various meanings ascribed to
this story, including that it's a metaphor for abusive relationships and the culture's expectation
of women to put up with them. But Gressel says that Beauty and the Beast is less about learning to love a
monster and more about learning to love the monstrous aspects of ourselves. He goes on to say, and forgive
me, this is a little sappy and a little long, but I think it's cool, quote, think of some part of you
or your life that you don't like, can't accept, wish were otherwise. Think of it only in negative terms,
some aspect of yourself or your circumstances that has you feeling trapped, that you hate, that you want
to go away or escape from. I believe that the reason this story holds so much sway over us for so many
centuries is because it's describing something true for all of us. You must learn to love this very thing
you currently hate. Not in order to get some handsome prince in the end. That kind of artifice wouldn't work
for beauty and it wouldn't work for you. But because behind every mask of ugliness, there lies something
of value, something you must learn to treasure and to love. Until you do, you're trapped in the prison
cell of not accepting yourself or your life as it is. It's only through this kind of self-acceptance,
genuine and complete, that we come to appreciate our issues and challenges as the gifts they are.
That is when we can unite with this previously unacceptable feature of our lives and live happily ever after.
This is when that which we despise is transformed into something beautiful. End quote.
So if you're locked in quarantine without a true love or even a for now love, maybe you could check
in with the weirdo you know best, your own messy self. There are monsters inside of us all and the
sooner we learn to look at them, the sooner we ask them to step into the light the way that Belle
asks the beast, the sooner we can tame them. But also, sometimes we gotta forget about the other
beasts, the ones that we can't save and find the power of our own, because none of us are responsible
for being anyone's savior, especially those who are disinterested in examining the monsters inside
themselves. Thanks as always for listening, you guys, and I hope you enjoyed this episode.
And stay tuned for more video diaries and our next mini episode coming out next month.
Until then, I hope you're all keeping safe and entertained, and here's to you, our sweet patrons,
our sweet Satans.
