Hey patrons, welcome to the newest mini-episode about how lie detectors are bullshit.
How often have we watched this very scene in television and movies?
A shadowed room with a single table and chair, a shifty character hooked up to several wires,
a clip placed on the tip of his finger, a circle of lamplight on his face.
Beside him, a stoic man with his glasses on the tip of his nose asks questions neutrally,
making check marks with a red pen while the machine's meter scribbles lines across a ream of paper.
Sweat appears on the brow of the test taker, then the question is asked,
Did you kill her?
The meter spikes, the red pen circles the lie.
Polygraph examinations, also known as lie detector tests,
have become so ingrained in our conception of criminal justice
that most don't consider questioning their validity.
But just how accurate are these machines?
Though polygraph evidence is rarely permitted in court,
it's still used to point investigators in the direction of the guilty
and can affect their opinions of suspects.
In ancient China and India, a test called the spitting method was used to tell if people were lying.
They would fill the mouths of suspected liars with uncooked rice,
and if it stuck inside their mouths or if the grains were dry when they were spat out,
the person was suspected to have a dry mouth, a sign of lying.
In the Middle Ages, boiling water was believed to be a good test of honesty,
with honest men withstanding the burns better than those who were liars.
It's kind of like the Salem witch trials, when they threw witches in the river,
and if they lived, they were witches, and if they died, they weren't.
The Italian criminologist Cesar Lombroso created the earliest version of the modern polygraph in 1895,
a device that measured changes in blood pressure for police investigations.
A 1911 article in the New York Times showed the early faith in such technologies.
Then called the psychometer,
the article expresses a belief that the polygraph will soon replace
all the human aspects of the criminal justice system.
Quote,
The state will merely submit all suspects in a case to the tests of scientific instruments,
and as these instruments cannot be made to make mistakes nor tell lies,
their evidence will be conclusive of guilt or innocence,
and the court will deliver sentences accordingly.
Multiple people would put out similar versions of the polygraph over the next few decades.
In fact, almost every source seems to name a different inventor.
An incomplete project by William Marston brought the research to America,
where Marston worked with a machine that studied blood pressure of German POWs.
He apparently found that blood pressure and lying have a strong correlation.
He lobbied for the courts to begin using his invention,
and in 1938, the same year that he published his research in a book called The Lie Detector Test,
Marston was hired by the Gillette Razor Company to star in an advertisement
in which the lie detector was used to prove their razor's superiority over the competition.
But I don't know how.
It was in 1921 that the first polygraph was used by law enforcement in Berkeley, California.
One of the competing inventors of this modern polygraph, Leonard Keillor,
was friends with Berkeley's first police chief, August Vollmer.
Vollmer had been seeking ways to reform police methods dealing with interrogation,
which were often violent, and he believed he had found it in Keillor's invention.
The belief was that, even if the truth box couldn't detect a lie,
it could make a liar nervous enough to confess if they were made to sit all night in a cell,
believing that they would be found out in the morning.
To put it simply, lie detector tests don't detect lies.
What they actually detect is nervousness, which isn't always indicative of a mistruth.
It's believed that people who are telling the truth
will not experience the nervous excitement of a person who's lying.
But of course this isn't always the case.
Simply being given a test that measures your nervousness
may be enough to make normal people nervous, thus generating false results.
If you hooked me up to a lie detector at generally any time, I would register as nervous.
There are no bodily reactions that every person shares
that can tell without a doubt that they're lying.
Modern polygraphs test three levels of nervous system arousal.
Heart rate and blood pressure, breathing patterns, and sweating.
It does so with the use of several monitors.
A sensor wrapped around the lung area to measure changes in respiration,
one on the arm to check blood pressure changes,
and two sensors attached to the fingers to check changes in pulse and sweat.
The hope is still the same as the older models.
There are a set of symptoms that prove deception.
The examiner will ask several questions in order to measure normal bodily response rates.
They'll also ask broad questions that will trigger a nervous response,
such as, have you ever told a lie to a loved one?
The idea is that an innocent person who's telling the truth
will have a more extreme rate of reaction to these broad questions
than to the questions that are more specific and pointed,
such as, did you know the victim personally?
Although in most cases polygraph results are not admissible in court,
they do still play a serious role in determining who ends up as a defendant.
Often, polygraphs are used as a tool to create enough apprehension to garner a confession.
A well-known critic of the polygraph and co-founder of antipolygraph.com,
George Maskey, considered that there was some merit to the test,
quote,
if a criminal can be convinced by an examiner that he's been caught in a lie,
he might give a confession that can be corroborated by other evidence,
like the location of a body or details about a murder weapon that only the murderer would know.
The examiner-subject relationship can certainly alter the results of polygraphs,
as there is a fallible human on the other side.
If there is a negative interaction to begin with,
say an examiner who has the air of an interrogator,
the subject may be more nervous than if they had an examiner they believe to be neutral.
In addition, the examiners themselves have some level of power over the results,
as they're subjective and interpreted by them.
The experience of being hooked up to an invasive machine can also trigger nerves in some subjects,
as well as the duration of the test.
These examinations usually take around two to three hours,
which can lead to feelings of exhaustion and nervousness in more sensitive subjects, like me.
There's also many websites and individuals touting information about how to beat these tests.
They teach that drugs like anti-anxiety medications and sedatives can be used to calm the nervous system.
They also teach people to envision terrifying things during the control period of the test,
so that their typical response rates read similarly to the specific questions.
They also tell the subjects to keep calm during the second portion, the directions verging on meditation.
Quote,
Picture gentle waves rolling onto a beach.
Feel the sun on your face.
The most famous example of the dangers of trusting in a machine to measure the truth
came with Washington State serial killer Gary Ridgway.
In 1987, Ridgway was given a polygraph test and was able to pass it by simply employing methods of relaxation.
Ridgway would go on to kill 49 women in total, including multiple women after the polygraph examination.
Another suspect failed the test and became the primary subject, but was later cleared of all charges.
Jeff Deskovic was convicted of the rape and murder of a girl from his high school.
The examiner told Deskovic that he had failed the test.
He accused him of being a murderer.
He used the fear of the test results to get a false confession from him,
and he served 16 years in prison before being exonerated.
Those who are in support of the polygraph, mainly the American Polygraph Association,
claim that lie detector tests have an accuracy rate of over 90%.
However, almost all other scientific platforms that deal with the polygraph say that it's much lower,
sometimes by a lot.
Andy Morgan, a forensic psychologist at Yale University,
thinks a polygraph's accuracy is only slightly better than flipping a coin.
He claims that it's only about 52 to 53% accurate.
So should a tool that is so heavily debated be used in police investigations?
The evidence may not be permissible in court, but it can be used to generate suspects long before the courts hear the evidence.
Those in favor of the method say it's a tool, just like any other,
that can help assess new suspects and a non-violent method of attaining confessions.
But as many of us know, false confessions due to manipulation are far more common than they should be.
We want to believe that we can tell when someone is lying,
and we've long looked for and believed in the symptoms of liars.
But the truth is, liars are as varied as the lies they tell.
We like to believe we know a liar by their face, by their eyes, by their words, by their actions,
but all of us at some point have been blindsided by a lie.
It's something we have to come to terms with,
and it's something to strongly consider when people's freedom and people's safety is at stake.
Thanks for listening this week to our episode, and you can expect one at the end of every month.
Just one more time, I want to thank you so much for your support, and I hope you have a very fun week.
So here's to you, my sweet patrons, my sweet satans.
