This is American Hysteria's Aftershock, where I share with you a story that didn't make it
into the main episode. I'm your host, Chelsea Weber-Smith, and today we're talking about
school spirit.
Yeah, man!
Gotta keep that spirit!
Yeah, man!
Gotta beat that team!
Yeah, man!
You know, you've really got it here at Lawrence.
You've really got what?
Maybe you'll think I'm kind of corny, but you've really got the right kind of school spirit.
Whether you spent your teenage years holding handmade signs, singing along to your school's
fight song, screaming for the boys bashing into each other on the field, or scoffing at the
spectacle from under the smoky, graffiti-laden bleachers, we all know this phenomenon called
school spirit.
Just think of homecoming, the week-long, quintessentially American ritual of welcoming students back
from the joyous summer months and straight into the hierarchy of the American high school,
popularized by every form of entertainment.
A glorification of male sports, of feminine cheerleaders beaming from the sidelines, of
kings and queens lording over those who want more than anything to be christened into the
title of popular.
The fight song plays and everyone's voices rise along with it as if it were some kind
of national anthem.
And in a way, it is.
An anthem for your high school.
A patriotism that spreads its roots through our consciousness as we grow into adults.
This thing called school spirit is both spontaneous and heavily constructed, cultivated by students
themselves, but sculpted by the school administrations that encourage them.
To understand why school spirit has come to play such a prominent role in the teenage experience,
we have to go back over a hundred years to when the modern American high school was just
beginning to form.
Before the Great Depression, the lack of child labor laws meant that only a small percentage
of American children were enrolled in public education, and almost all of them were rich.
By the end of the 1800s, a movement led by thinkers such as Horace Mann had significantly
increased the perceived value of and access to public education, and by 1918, all of the United
States had enacted compulsory education laws.
Mann saw public education as the great equalizer of the conditions of men, meaning that equal
access to education could finally start to level the playing field, so to speak.
Children born into poverty or discrimination could finally, theoretically, have an equal opportunity
to break the cycle and live up to a full potential.
Other thinkers of the educational reform era saw public education as useful in a different,
and, in hindsight, more problematic way.
Educator Elwood Patterson Cubberley believed the expansion of public education could create
a more homogenous American identity.
And with immigrants especially, public schooling could effectively, quote,
assimilate, assimilate, and amalgamate those people to Anglo-Saxon conceptions of righteousness,
law and order, and popular government.
Cubberley was not alone in seeing public school this way, and many scholars have observed how
these citizen-training ideals became woven into the fabric of American public education with
lasting effects. Some critics have labeled it a form of cultural imperialism and nationalism.
Though early school spirit was a product of the kids themselves, it wouldn't be long before high
schools began to actively encourage it. And as we all know, once something's endorsed by adults,
it's no longer cool.
Some student-run newspapers from the 1910s show a growing tension between school administrations,
school leadership, and the school body as a whole that sometimes even led to vandalism and riots.
School leadership had attached a new meaning to school spirit, one that almost required students
to be proud and especially loyal to their high schools. Those who were used to showing critique
and dissent, like all of us found under the bleachers, were upset by this demand to blindly follow school
authority. But high school pride won out, as we all know. Eventually, children of European immigrants
with different ethnic and socioeconomic backgrounds started to integrate into public schools for the
first time. Extracurricular activities like sports teams were originally organized by students
themselves and were usually not directly associated with the school. Some high schools even had
fraternities and sororities modeled after the university Greek system, and somewhat nationalistically,
they often shared characteristics such as race or class. Taking cues from universities, public school
administrations began making attempts to unify the student body. The introduction of organized sports
into public schools seemed an obvious way to both encourage unity and enthusiasm for the school,
while also teaching children what were seen as ideal values for American citizens at the time,
working hard and cooperating with each other, and of course, respecting authority. With that long-term
patriarchal emphasis on boys, boys, boys, participation in teams was considered a mandatory exercise in
masculinity, and surprisingly, so was cheerleading. Student newspapers from Central Technical High School
in Cleveland claim that their very first cheer came from a student named William Downey, who, in the
excitement of a football match in 1895, stood up and exclaimed, slip, slam, bazoo! And with that,
cheerleading exploded. But it was considered too masculine for women to participate in. What with
all that yelling and jumping? As with many pursuits originally reserved for men, World War II took the
boys overseas and women filled in their roles. Soon, sports were for boys, and supporting those boys with
uncanny pep was the domain of the high school girl. But, of course, not all of them.
Oh, we got this spirit! Yeah! Oh, we got this spirit! Yeah! One, two, three, four, five,
Mike Angel, take a job! Despite often superior talent, black girls were barred from joining squads by
their own white peers, leading to protests as well as riots, one which caused the 1969 death of a 15-year-old
black boy when he was shot by the National Guard. Since their beginnings, cheerleaders have been a
uniquely American phenomenon, one of our biggest American archetypes, and they were effectively
designed that way. At newly invented cheerleading camps, squads were given long lectures imbuing them
with the idea that they belonged at the very top of the social hierarchy, right below their boyfriends,
of course. They were told over and over again that being a cheerleader would mean instant popularity.
Interestingly, sociologists tend to agree that the dream of interpersonal popularity is one typically
only sought by American high school students, while other cultures tend to value goals like close
friendship and strong family ties above being, quote, the middle point of influence among their peers.
Of course, our archetype of the cheerleader remains a potent cultural symbol all the way through to
the present day. School spirit was seen as a unifying force for a growing student body with diverse
interests, and students were encouraged to take pride in their school, both on and off campus,
to glorify the institution and uphold its reputation. In New York, Ithaca High School's student-run
newspaper, The Tattler ran an article about school spirit in 1935 that read in part, quote,
in the skeptical words of a newly come frosh, what's all this rubbish about school loyalty anyway?
Loyalty builds great football teams winning baseball nines, armies that cannot be beaten, republics that
stand forever, and successful schools such as the one we want ours to be.
All in the name of school spirit. But wait, think, is this school spirit, is it good school spirit?
Many have pointed out that school spirit began as a sort of training program for patriotism,
or patriotism's worse and ugly older brother, nationalism. An idea that says,
our team is the best and we're gonna win. Knowing what we know about how early 20th century high
school's encouraged pride, loyalty, and fierce competition in the name of your high school's
glory and your future as an American citizen, the connection to nationalism isn't a leap.
In fact, student publications from the early 1900s show how easily the school spirit translated into
patriotic spirit when the United States entered World War I. A newspaper article from East Technical
High School in Cleveland described a ceremony in the fall of 1917 where students dedicated a new
American flag for the school in what could only be described as a pep rally for war. As the huge flag
was lowered, it actually covered and engulfed the bodies of all the students, creating potent imagery
of the individual becoming part of an arbitrarily assigned role. A student reporter covering the
event wrote in part, quote,
Truly, I thought, this flag is American to the last thread. For have not North and South,
Black man and white, toiled alike to make this emblem? Under it they would live and die. Yes,
sacrifice their last ounce of energy, that old glory may float forever.
Consider that morning pledge of allegiance that we all remember. A required chant in the majority
of U.S. states. Though students are, of course, allowed to opt out for moral or religious reasons,
many states still require parental permission to do so. In 2017, a Texas student was expelled for
refusing to stand and salute old glory, and when she sued the school, the state asserted that she had
not gone through the proper channels to allow this dissidence. Just last year, an 11-year-old in
Florida refused to participate because he said the flag is racist, which led to his arrest. The roots of
this pledge that droned through our homerooms intercoms trace all the way back to 1892, when a
pastor-turned ad executive named Francis Bellamy wrote the words to commemorate the 400th anniversary
of, who else, Mr. Christopher Columbus stumbling into North America and inciting decades of genocide
to gloss over his mistake. Bellamy was staunchly against the immigration of, quote,
races which cannot assimilate without a lowering of our racial standard, and asserted that, quote,
the distinctive principles of true Americanism will not perish as long as free public education
endures. The phrase, under God, was added during the Cold War to separate us from the godless communists.
Training. That's what does it. And training starts in the school each day in the good American way.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republicans which
stand, one nation individual, with liberty and justice for all. How you boys and girls safeguard that
liberty is your responsibility. Now, to be fair, recent studies on the psychology behind school
spirit in high school and college show that it can definitely come with positive effects,
reducing feelings of alienation or social isolation among adolescents and young adults,
and creating communities that forge bonds and friendships. But this idea kind of tracks with
nationalism too, uniting a group that kind of accidentally ended up together, represented by
a tough guy mascot that differentiates them from the next town over. An artificial identity in school
colors and songs is created and made central to the high school experience, and competition becomes the
core value taught to teens. What is referred to by psychologists and sociologists as tribalism,
and especially the kind of military tribalism we see in large and small iterations in American culture,
was likely developed as a byproduct of agriculture, as there's actually little evidence that hunter-gatherer
communities engaged in warfare. Hunter-gatherers were more fluid with their social structure.
Humans could come and go as they pleased, leaving one group and joining another. But like a high school,
or larger a nation, an agricultural community stayed put and had no other choice but to find a way to get along
with their growing community. What we call in-groups, those who are not rejected from a community,
come in all shapes and sizes. But one way to create them quickly is to have people unite under a certain
color of clothing or under a certain shared mascot. But don't worry, because I too watched the first
several seasons of Friday Night Lights. And I am not here to blur your clear eyes. And I am not here
to break your full hearts. And I like believing with my whole soul that my team, my beautiful team,
can't lose. I spent high school going to football games and being one of those bad kids under the
bleachers, but I secretly liked the fanfare. And there's nothing wrong with a little competition.
I am known to be a heated fan. But if we pause to consider the effects of creating an other out of
thin air and fighting them like hell, we risk putting competition over compassion. And we risk
doing the things that sometimes America does. And inside the competition of the American high school
itself, popularity still creates the power structures of a bigger America. As the Beach Boys said,
on Friday, we'll be jacked up on the football game. And we'll be ready to fight. We're gonna smash
them now. My girl will be working on her pom-poms now. And she'll be yelling tonight. Be true to your
school and let your colors fly. Or come and join us bad kids under the bleachers to complain and complain
about all these American normies. These conformists.
Hey, hey, take it away!
So be true to your school now. Just like you to your girl or guy. Be true to your school now.
Let your colors fly. Be true to your school.
Do it again! Do it again! We like it! We like it!
This was American Hysteria's Aftershock.
Next time on the show, we're exploring some of those kids you might find under the bleachers or
maybe in the art room. That's right, the archetype of the American hipster.
And if you want even more great American Hysteria content that's just for you, our secrets,
our extra episodes, our video streams, make sure you consider joining our Patreon.
The link is in the show notes.
American Hysteria's Aftershock is written, produced, and hosted by me, Chelsea Weber-Smith,
co-written by Riley Smith, with script editing by Miranda Zickler, and production by Clear
Camos Studios. That Beach Boys cover you heard was our very own American Hysteria Team Spirit
Anthem by our very own Miranda Zickler and Riley Smith, along with cellist and singer Jillian
Walker. Miranda and Jill also play with a fantastic band called Coinka, that's K-U-I-N-K-A, and a
side project called Funeral Dove. You can find links to both of those in our show notes.
Thanks, as always, for listening, and I'm just gonna hit you with one more. Slip! Slam!
The zoo! You're welcome. Have a great day.
